http://www.mothers.com/pages/privacy-policy
Browser not supported
Please download Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome for the best experience while visiting Mothers.com
Edge Chrome
Product Line
Mothers Classic
California Gold
Ultimate Hybrid
CMX
Speed
Power
Marine
Professional
Accessories
Swag
Shop All
Applications
Paint Care
Wheel & Tire
Special Care
Interior Care
Marine
Professional
Accessories
Shop All
How-To
How-To
Detail Guide
How-To Videos
Community
Community
Auto Blog
Cool Rides
Shine Award
Events
Power Tour
Forum
About Us
About Us
Our History
About Carnauba
Resources
Media & Ads
Find Retailer
Contact Us
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.mothers.com (the “Website”).  Residents of California, the European Union, or the European Economic Area should see our jurisdiction-specific notice.
SECTION 1 - PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Website, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Website, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Website, and information about how you interact with the Website. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Website, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Website.
We use Google Analytics to better understand how Website visitors anonymously interact with the Mothers Website. Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie. Learn more about disabling or deleting cookies here:https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Website, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.” This information is collected using our accepted payment methods.
Shopify Payments - https://www.shopify.ca/payments
PayPal Standard - https://www.paypal.com/ca/business/get-paid/accept-online-payments/payments-standard
Amazon Pay -https://pay.amazon.com/secure-checkout
For more information or these payment methods, please visit the links provided.
SECTION 2 - HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Website (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Website (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Website, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SECTION 3 - SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Website--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
SECTION 4 - BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
SECTION 5 - YOUR CHOICES
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting the following links:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
SECTION 6 - DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Website’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
SECTION 7 - DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Website, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
SECTION 8 - CHILDREN
Our Website is not intended for individuals under the age of 16 or the age of majority in your state or province of residence.  Our Website and Service relate to specific products and services which are not targeted at children.
Therefore, it is unlikely that children under the age of 16 will use the Website or purchase the products or services we offer. We do not knowingly collect or use Personal Information from children under the age of 16. In addition, we will delete any information in our database we become aware has originated from a child under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 16 you are prohibited from using our Website, however, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request we delete any of your Personal Information we hold and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us. To do so, use our contact information provided below.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.  It is your responsibility to check our Website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our Website or the Service following the posting of any changes to Privacy Policy constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 10 - CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@mothers.com or by mail using the details provided below:
5456 Industrial Drive, Huntington Beach, CA, 92649-1519, United States
SECTION 11 - JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC NOTICES
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Please see our California Privacy Notice for more information about our collection, use, and sharing of your personal information as well as the rights you have with respect to that information.
E.U. RESIDENTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Website), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Copyright © 2020 Mothers Polishes Waxes Cleaners. All rights reserved.
UNLOCK THE BEST DEALS
Enjoy 10% off your first order when you join our mailing list.
JOIN US
BACK TO TOP
Added to cart successfully!
CONTINUE SHOPPING
VIEW CART
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
Added to cart successfully!
QTY:
TOTAL:
There are
items in your cart
TOTAL:
CONTINUE SHOPPING
VIEW CART
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
Not already a part of our mailing list?
Join the Mothers® family, and unlock the best deals by signing up for our newsletter! Plus, get a 10% discount on your first order after you sign up.
JOIN US
Don’t show this popup again
You have successfully subscribed!
Please login and you will add product to your wishlist
SIGN IN
REGISTER