http://www.wcr-regasketing.com/privacy
About Us
Heat Exchangers
Replacement Parts
Services & Support
Contact Us
WCR Privacy Policy
Updated September 21, 2018
WCR Incorporated (“WCR,” “we,” or “us”) believes that your personal data belongs to you. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share personal data collected from visitors to www.wcrhx.com (the “Website”). By using our Website, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you fill out a form, send us an email, or request information. The types of information we collect may include your name, email address, and phone number.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
When you visit the Website, some information is automatically collected, such as your computer’s IP address, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on the Website or Service, “referring URL” (i.e., the page from which you navigated to the Website), the pages from which you navigate to and from the Website, and the time you spend on the Website. We collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs, cookies, and clear GIFs (also known as “Web beacons”).
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We are not in the business of selling personal information about our users to third parties. We may disclose information about our users, including personal information, to trusted third-party service providers that assist us in our work, such as data storage and processing providers. We limit the personal information provided to these service providers to what is reasonably necessary for them to perform their work for us.
We may use information that you provide to us or that we collect automatically for various purposes, including:
To administer, operate, and improve our Website;
To provide services to account holders, such as users of the WCR Service Database;
To respond to an email, inquiry, or request sent by you;
To send you newsletters and other communications in order to provide you with information you request or that we think may be of interest to you. You may opt out of such communications at any time by following the instructions in each newsletter or other communication;
To prevent fraud and to ensure the safety and security of the Website;
To comply with applicable legal obligations, such as responding to a subpoena or a court order, or to protect our rights.
In addition, information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of our business assets.
COOKIES
Cookies are small amounts of data that may be placed on your device when you visit a website. Like many companies, we use cookies on our Website to track information about your use of our Website, such as which pages you visited, the date when you last looked at a specific webpage, or to recognize you as you click through pages on our Website.
Most web browsers can be set to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, or delete cookies. Each browser is different, but you should be able to find out how to change your cookie preferences by selecting the browser’s “help” menu. Note that if you disable or delete cookies, some features of our Website may no longer display properly. You can learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Website. We use this infor¬mation to improve our Website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our Website, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable infor¬mation. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use. To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
CALIFORNIA “DO NOT TRACK” DISCLOSURE
“Do Not Track” is a setting available in most web browsers setting that asks a web application disable its tracking of an individual user. There is currently no consensus yet on how companies should respond to Do Not Track signals. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals. You can learn more Do Not Track by visiting https://allaboutdnt.com.
LINKS
For your convenience, our Website may contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. Please be aware that this policy does not apply to any such third-party website. Will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose while using third-party products or services or otherwise interacting with third parties.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
Our Website is hosted in the United States and is generally intended for United States visitors. WCR’s international locations have their own websites, to which this Policy does not apply. If you visit from other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please be aware that you are transferring personal information to the United States. The United States does not have the same data protection laws as some other regions. By providing personal information to us, you consent to the transfer of it to the United States and the use of it in accordance with this Policy.
SECURITY
We use reasonable security measures that are designed to protect information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please note, however, that no data security measures can be guaranteed to be completely effective. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information or other information. You transmit personal information to us at your own risk.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We may occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of the policy. By continuing to use the Website after such updates, you are agreeing to the terms of the then-current Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information.
CHOICE
If you receive marketing or promotional communications from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the message that we send. You may also opt-out from receiving marketing or promotional communications from us by sending us an email or by writing to us at the address below. Please be aware that even if you opt-out of marketing and promotional communications, you may still receive messages regarding any accounts you maintain with us, or in response to emails or requests you send to us.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the following contact information:
DataPrivacy@WCRhx.com
Company
About Us
Business Principles & Values
Testimonials
References
Video
News
Contact Us
Job Opportunities
Become a Distributor
Heat Exchangers
Plate Heat Exchanger
Brazed Heat Exchanger
Shell & Tube Heat Exchanger
Welded Heat Exchanger
Plate & Shell Heat Exchanger
Plate Coils | Immersion Plates
Refurbished Heat Exchangers
Request for Quote
Replacement Parts
Plates
Gaskets
Models
Refurbished Equipment
Models
Alfa Laval
APV
GEA
Mueller
Tranter
Sigma (Schmidt-Bretten, API)
Sondex
SWEP
ITT Standard
Bell & Gossett
Vicarb
WCR
Services & Support
Heat Exchanger Cleaning
Leak Detection
Full Service Re-Gasketing
Plate Exchange Programs
Inventory Management
On-Site Assistance
Plate Frame Handling
Re-Pressing of Plates
Spanner Wrenches
Shell & Tube Refurbishment
Central Region2377 Commerce Center Blvd.Suite BFairborn, OH 45324Ph: 937.223.0703Fax: 937.223.2818
Northeast Region4080 Blanche RoadBensalem, PA 19020Ph: 215.447.8152Fax: 215.447.8162
Southeast Region8345 Grace RoadMacon, GA 31216Ph: 478.738.0873Fax: 478.738.0874
Midwest Region1610 Altorfer Dr.Peoria, IL 61615Ph: 309.697.0389Fax: 309.697.0399
Western Region4636 E. Drummond Ave.Fresno, CA 93725Ph: 559.266.8374Fax: 559.266.3354
Southwest Region5059 N. 54th Ave.Glendale, AZ 85301Ph: 602.753.0213Fax: 602.753.0214
South Region1023 Wilson RoadClute, TX 77531Ph: 979.265.3040Fax: 979.265.3044
Northwest Region3126 C ST NEAuburn, WA. 98002P: 253.256.6703
View International Locations »
Home  ·
About WCR  ·
Contact WCR  ·
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Copyright © 2020 WCR, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy
View Full SiteView Mobile Site