https://www.jurlique.com/au/returns-policy.html
Welcome to Jurlique Australia
Looks like you're in the USA! Sign-up and shop on Jurlique Australia and enjoy your welcome offer and free shipping on your first order.
Continue to Australia
Shop in USA
Enjoy free standard delivery on orders over $50. Shop Now
12 Days of Christmas is here. Discover a new offer, everyday. Shop Now
-->
Nutri-Define
Shop Now
Hands
By Category
Hand Creams
Hand Wash and Hand Treatments
Hand Sanitiser
Shop all Hand Care
Body
By Category
Body Moisturisers
Body Exfoliators
Shower Gels
Hair Care
Body Care Sets
Shop all Body Care
Aromatherapy
Gifts & Sets
By Category
All Gifts & Sets
Gifts for Face
Gifts for Hands & Body
Spas
Our Spas
Jurlique Spa Experience
Spa Treatment Menu
Virtual Skin Care Consultation
Why Jurlique
By Category
Our Story
Our Commitment
Our Farm
Our Unique Process
Our Ingredients
Blog
Sign In
Create An Account
Customer Service
Returns and Exchanges
Shipping and Delivery
About My Account
Customer FAQs
Spa FAQs
Farm Tour FAQs
Gift Card and Offer T&Cs
Contact Us
Returns and Exchanges
Can I return or exchange my order?
We want you to love your new skincare as much as we do. If you don’t, that’s ok – free returns are available within Australia for online orders only, and you have up to 45 days from the date of purchase to return or exchange your product, subject to the below:
If you haven’t used the product, we’ll exchange it or refund you in full using the same method of payment as your initial purchase.
If you’ve used less than 30% of the product, we’ll only offer a product exchange. If you’ve used more than 30% of the product, no refund or exchange can be given.
And we can’t exchange or refund gift vouchers or promotional items.
If you’re not happy with your order, please tell us – we’ll always try to help you if we can.
Birkenhead Outlet Returns Policy
Please note we do not provide refunds or exchanges for change of mind purchases. We will only provide a refund where a product is faulty or where you are entitled to a refund under the Australian Consumer Law, provided the product being returned is accompanied by proof of purchase.
How do I return an order?
Free returns are available within Australia for online orders only. Please contact us and our Customer Service team will provide you with a Reply Paid number to return your order via Australia Post. When making this enquiry, we require your order number, full name and contact details.
When can I expect my refund or exchange?
Generally, our refunds/exchanges take 3 business days to process from receipt of the returned order. Please allow 3-10 business days for your exchanged products to arrive or 7-10 business days for your funds to be visible in your account. If further information is required from us regarding the return of your refund/exchange, this will affect the processing timeframe. We ask that a tracking number is obtained from Australia Post when returning your order.
What if my order was wrong or the product is damaged?
Please contact us as soon as you can with your order number and details of the incorrect or damaged product. If there is a problem when receiving your order, please contact us as soon as possible so that we can assist you with the appropriate refund or replacement. To enable the Customer Service team to efficiently address your enquiry, please provide your order number, full name and contact details.
Still need help?
Call Us9am - 5pm AEST 1800 805 286
Message UsAny questions? leave us a message.
Message
South Australia
Become a Jurlique Insider
Subscribe to our newsletter to hear about our latest news, product and events.