http://www.canneslions.com/terms-and-conditions
Go to LIONS - The home of creativity
Account
Enter now
LIONS Live
Enter
Learn
Opportunities
Delegate Terms & Conditions
"Effective from: 24th March 2020"
INTRODUCTION
These terms and conditions (including Sections A to D) govern the purchase and use of the following services in relation to the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity (the “Festival”):
the following standard delegate passes:
Lions Health;
Lions Health Young Lion;
Lions Health Student; and
Networking, (each a “Delegate Pass”);
the following Complete passes:
Complete;
Complete Gold;
Complete Platinum;
Complete Young Lion;
Complete Student; and
CMO Accelerator Programme(each a “Complete Pass”); and
a yacht pass (a “Yacht Pass”, and together with a Delegate Pass and Complete Pass, a “Pass”).
Each Pass is made available by Ascential Events (Europe) Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registration number 07814172 and whose registered office is at c/o Ascential Group Limited, The Prow, 1 Wilder Walk, London, W1B 5AP ("Cannes Lions").
A Yacht Pass number is required by the Port of Cannes for all yacht berthing applications. The number can be requested via yachtpass@canneslions.com. Please refer to Clauses 94 to 98 of these terms and conditions for more details on the yacht pass and the harbour.
The following age restrictions apply to young delegate Passes:
Complete Young Lion and Lions Health Young Lion: Young Lions must be aged 30 or under (born on or after 30 October 1989). Proof of age e.g. a copy of your passport or driving licence must be uploaded before completing a Young Lions registration. If Cannes Lions determines at its sole discretion that the proof of age provided is not satisfactory, then Cannes Lions reserves the right to upgrade your young delegate Pass and charge you for the upgraded Pass at the prevailing rate.
Complete Student and Lions Health Student: Students must be aged 23 or under (born on or after 30 October 1996), enrolled in full-time education and cannot be/cannot have been employed in the Advertising, Communication, Marketing or Design industries. Proof of age (e.g. a copy of your passport or driving licence), student ID and an enrolment letter must be uploaded before completing a Student registration. If Cannes Lions determines at its sole discretion that the proof of age and/or student enrolment documentation provided is not satisfactory, then Cannes Lions reserves the right to upgrade your Pass and charge you for the upgraded Pass at the prevailing rate.
The purchase and use of each Pass shall be subject to these terms and conditions to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions of business, including any purchase order that the delegate or user may provide.
In circumstances where Cannes Lions requires proof that you meet certain eligibility criteria as part of an application process (eg. applications for the Roger Hatchuel Academy), Cannes Lions reserves the right to approve or reject such applications at its absolute discretion. In the event that Cannes Lions rejects an application (acting reasonably), no refund will be provided.
SECTION A – GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLYING TO A PASS
BOOKING A PASS
You may request a Pass by completing the online order form and submitting it via the Pass Manager section of your My Account area.
All requests for a Pass are subject to availability. If you have completed your order request correctly in accordance with these terms and conditions, if there is availability and if you have made the requisite pre-payment (or provided us with credit/debit card details and authorisation to deduct payment) a confirmation email will be sent to you within 5 working days from receipt of your request. Your order is confirmed (a “Confirmed Order”) when we send this email. If there is no availability, we will send you an email within 5 working days from receipt of your request informing you that this is the case (an “Order Rejection”).
PRICES AND PAYMENT
Prices are set out on www.canneslions.com (the “Website”). Payment may be made in Euros (or such other currency as stipulated on the Website) by either (i) credit or debit card, or (ii) bank transfer. Subject to Clause 10, payment must be made, or credit/debit card details and authorisation to deduct payment given, at the time you submit your order form. Please inform us at the time of your request if you require an invoice in respect of your order. Invoices only refer to the currency in which payment has been made.
Prices may change from time to time. If the price of a Pass increases or decreases before you receive a Confirmed Order we will notify you and ask you to confirm whether you wish to proceed with your order based on the revised price.
All prices are:
exclusive of sales taxes (including, but not limited to VAT and/or TVA); and
subject to local taxes (where appropriate) which cannot be deducted from any payments due.
Where you receive an Order Rejection we will (to the extent that you have made payment) refund your payment within a reasonable time from the date of the Order Rejection.
If you wish to pay by bank transfer, please use the bank account details below which correspond to the currency you are paying with. You are responsible for paying all bank charges. If bank charges are not paid by you your order may be refused. A payment reference should be included with your payment.
Credit/Debit Cards - We accept all major credit and debit cards.
BACS - You are able to transfer funds directly into our bank account:
Bank Account Name: Ascential Events (Europe) Limited Bank Account No.: 42037751
Sort Code: 60-00-01 IBAN Number: GB80NWBK60721442037751 Swift Number: NWBKGB2L Bank Address: National Westminster Bank, City of London Office, London, EC2R 8PA
Once the transfer has been made, you will need to scan and email proof of payment/bank transfer confirmation, quoting your company name and REFCL/ order reference number, to our Finance Team in order to complete your booking.
From 00.01 GMT Thursday 15 October 2020, it will no longer be possible to make payment by bank transfer and we will be accepting payment online by credit card only, or you can choose to pay at the Festival. At the Festival, you can pay in cash (in euros) or by credit card. Please note an admin fee of €95 + TVA will apply per pass, if you choose to pay at the Festival.
From 00.01 GMT Sunday 25 October 2020, you will no longer be able to choose to pay at the Festival. It will only be possible to pay by credit card online; however, you can still purchase a Pass upon arrival at the Festival if you have not registered online. Please note a walk-up fee of €95 + TVA will apply per pass, if you choose to register by credit card online or upon arrival at the Festival. No exceptions will be made.
If you require the hard copy of your invoice then you must request it from our Finance Team by email. We cannot re-issue invoices. Invoices only refer to the currency in which payment has been made. You may, in certain circumstances, be able to reclaim any TVA which you have paid. We do not refund TVA.
AUTHORISED USERS
When you request a Pass online you will be given a unique username and/or password giving you access to your account (your “Account”). You must keep your username and password confidential at all times as you are responsible for all activities undertaken through your Account.
You agree to log-off from Account at the end of each session and to email us immediately at registration@canneslions.com if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorised use or disclosure of your username/password and/or Account. We shall not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these requirements.
The user agrees that a single user name and password shall be made available to each user, and not made available to multiple users (i.e. no sharing of user names and passwords). Breach of this Clause 20 shall be considered a material breach of these terms and conditions.
If you choose to add-on a companion to a Pass, they must be a spouse or spousal equivalent. Companion add-ons are not suitable for business partners, clients or colleagues. All companions must be approved by Cannes Lions. A companion will be entitled to attend applicable Festival parties and awards shows (e.g. Lions Health awards if you have a Pass which includes Lions Health). Please note that a companion will not have full access to the Festival (talks, exhibitions, screenings etc.).
DATA PROTECTION
General:Cannes Lions agrees that it will take appropriate technical and organisational measures against the accidental, unlawful or unauthorised processing, destruction, loss, damage or disclosure of personal data received or used in fulfilling its obligations under these terms and conditions. In these terms and conditions personal data is as defined by all laws and regulations (as updated, amended or replaced from time to time) applicable to such data.
Privacy Policy:Further information about how Cannes Lions uses personal data can be found in our Privacy & Cookie Policy https://www.canneslions.com/privacy-policy.
Communications:We will use email addresses provided to us to send delegates important Festival information, including but not limited to, speaker announcements, programme updates and invitations to special Festival events, that we believe will enhance their Festival experience. All delegates will have the option to opt out of communications.
Cannes delegate listing: To further enable networking among delegates at the Festival, we will share your name, job title, company name and country or city where you are based (the “Delegate Information”) with other delegates, third parties and sponsors via our secure networking service.
Access: All registered delegates who have opted in will appear on the delegate listing once the service has been made live, which enables other registered delegates (via a login) to contact you prior to and during the Festival. Access will be made available to participating delegates via the official Cannes Lions Festival mobile app.
You are in control: Delegates’ email address and telephone numbers will not be made public through the delegate listing or otherwise. If a delegate chooses to message another delegate, the message will be sent from the delegate’s profile. If a delegate chooses to reply, further communication will continue through the delegates’ chat function. All delegates can opt out on the delegate registration form, by emailing registration@canneslions.com or by logging into the Official Cannes Lions App and opting out through the App settings once the App has gone live. If a delegate opts out, this will disable contact from other delegates and deny access to the delegate listing. Their Delegate Information will not be visible on the delegate listing. After the Festival, the delegate listing will be discontinued and all Delegate Information will be removed from the listing.
Reservation of rights: Cannes Lions reserves the right to deny access and remove any delegates from the delegate listing for inappropriate use. You agree to use the delegate listing respectfully and solely to network, exchange ideas and contact details where appropriate.
CHANGES TO THE FESTIVAL, NAME CHANGES AND CANCELLATION POLICY
We reserve the right to (a) alter the advertised format, date, timing, content and/or location of the Festival or (b) to cancel the Festival, in each case at any time.
Where we change the format, date, timing, content or location of the Festival your Pass for the Festival will be valid for the Festival as altered. You will not be entitled to a refund.
Where we cancel the Festival, we will provide you with a credit equal to the value of your Pass fees, to be applied towards the next festival provided that should the festival take place more than 12 months after the date of the last day of the originally scheduled Festival you will be entitled to receive a refund of the purchase price paid by you for your ticket.
We reserve the right to do this at any time and we shall not be liable to you for any other cost or other expenses (including, without limitation, wasted costs and expenses) incurred by you as a consequence (including, without limitation, travel and accommodation expenses).
With respect to a Delegate Pass or a Complete Pass only, any requests to replace one delegate for another must be made via the “My Account” area of the Website. An administration fee applies as follows:
Until Midnight GMT Saturday 29 February 2020: delegates and Young Lions (incl. Complete, Networking, Lions Health and Young Lions passes) will be charged €155 + TVA per name change completed online; students (incl. Complete Student and Lions Health Student) will be charged €95 + TVA per name change completed online. No exceptions will be made.
From 00.01 GMT Sunday 1 March to Midnight GMT Wednesday 30 September 2020: delegates and Young Lions (incl. Complete, Networking, Lions Health and Young Lions passes) will be charged €225 + TVA per name change completed online; students (incl. Complete Student and Lions Health Student) will be charged €125 + TVA per name change completed online. No exceptions will be made.
From 00.01 GMT Thursday 1 October 2020: delegates and Young Lions (incl. Complete, Networking, Lions Health and Young Lions passes) will be charged €285 + TVA per name change completed online; students (incl. Complete Student and Lions Health Student) will be charged €125 + TVA per name change completed online. No exceptions will be made.
Until Midnight GMT Saturday 24 October 2020: it will be possible to make a name change to a Delegate Pass or a Complete Pass, online via the “My Passes” section of your “My Account” area of the Website. Name changes will not be accepted once a badge has been collected at the Festival.
From 00.01 Sunday 25 October 2020: it will no longer be possible to make a name change to a Delegate Pass or a Complete Pass online via the “My Passes” section of your “My Account” area of the Website. Name changes will be accepted at the registration area of the Festival, if the badge has not already been collected.
Name changes for Passes which are purchased under a Group Booking can be made free of charge up until Midnight GMT Wednesday 30 September 2020. From 00:01 GMT Thursday 1 October 2020, name changes will be charged at €285 + TVA for delegates and Young Lions (incl. Complete, Networking, Lions Health and Young Lions passes) and €125 + TVA for Students (incl. Complete Student and Lions Health Student).
Name changes for Accommodation from 00:01 GMT Thursday 1 October 2020 (inclusive) onwards are at the discretion of the hotel.
Cancellations must be made via the “My Passes” section of your “My Account” area. Cancellations of all Passes are not eligible for a refund or for credit against the current or future Festivals. This policy also applies to Yacht Pass and other Pass downgrades.
It will be possible to request an upgrade from a Delegate Pass to a Complete Pass (e.g. from a “Networking pass” to a “Complete Pass”), from the “My Passes” section of your “My Account” area of our Website. Additional fees will apply to Delegate Pass upgrades. It will be possible to request a downgrade by emailing registration@canneslions.com, however no refunds or credit for the current or future Festivals will be given for Complete or Delegate Pass downgrades.
If you do not know the name of the delegate(s) attending at the time of booking, you can still register them without having to provide any details before Midnight GMT Monday 31 August 2020. Once you have the details, you will be able to update the registration from the Purchased Passes section of your Pass Manager up until the Festival. In such circumstances the following un-named delegate administration fees shall apply:
Until Midnight GMT Saturday 29 February 2020:
For delegates and Young Lions (incl. Complete, Networking, Lions Health and Young Lions passes) an administration fee of €155 + TVA will be charged; and
For Students (incl. Complete Student and Lions Health Student) an administration fee of €95 + TVA will be charged.
From 00.01 GMT Sunday 1 March 2020:
For delegates and Young Lions (incl. Complete, Networking, Lions Health and Young Lions passes) an administration fee of €225 + TVA will be charged; and
For Students (incl. Complete Student and Lions Health Student) an administration fee of €125 + TVA will be charged.
You will not be charged the administration fee again when you provide the delegate’s details later.  From Tuesday 1 September 2020, it will no longer be possible to register without providing details.
No refunds or credits for the current or future Festivals will be given for non-attendance at the Festival.
FESTIVAL CONTENT
All rights in all presentations, documentation and materials published or otherwise made available as part of the Festival (including but not limited to any audio or audio-visual recording of the Festival) (“Content”) is owned by us or is included with the permission of the owner of the rights. No: (i) photography, filming or recording; or (ii) republication, broadcast or other dissemination of the Content is permitted without our prior written consent. You shall not distribute, reproduce, modify, store, transfer or in any other way use any of the Content (save that use by the relevant delegate for internal business purposes shall be permitted) without our prior written consent, and in particular (but without limitation) you shall not (and shall procure that each of your delegates shall not) without our prior written consent:
upload any Content into any shared system;
include any Content in a database;
include any Content in a website or on any intranet;
transmit, re-circulate or otherwise make available any Content to anyone else;
make any commercial use of the Content whatsoever; or
use Content in any way that might infringe third party rights or that may bring us or any of our affiliates into disrepute.
The Content does not necessarily reflect our views or opinions.
Suggestions or advice contained in the Content should not be relied upon in place of professional or other advice. Whilst we take reasonable care to ensure that the Content created by us is accurate and complete, some of it is supplied by third parties and we are unable to check its accuracy or completeness. You should verify the accuracy of any information (whether supplied by us or third parties) before relying on it. The Content is provided on an “as is” basis without any warranties of any kind (express or implied). We hereby exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law all liabilities, costs, claims, damages, losses and/or expenses arising from any inaccuracy or omission in the Content or arising from any infringing, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material in the Content.
To the extent that any Content is made available by us online we reserve the right to suspend or remove access to such Content at any time.
TROPHIES
Any and all intellectual property in the Cannes Lions trophies (including without limitation all copyright, design rights and trademark rights) is the property of Cannes Lions, and Cannes Lions has exclusive right to reproduce, manufacture, copy, and sell the Cannes Lions trophies in any size or medium, and to distribute or exploit the design of the Lion or reproductions of the same by gift, sale, re-sale or licence. Save as expressly provided herein, no reproduction, replica or other copy of the Cannes Lions trophies may be made or used by any manufacturer, advertiser, organisation or individual unless it has the prior express written consent or license from Cannes Lions.
CONFLICTING ACTIVITIES
Cannes Lions brings together creative views, market experts, global brands and tech gurus, along with the awards honouring the industry’s game-changing ideas. Organisations present in Cannes during the Festivals are asked to share responsibility and agree to the following conditions of participation.
By hosting an event in Cannes during the Festivals you agree that:
you shall not, directly or indirectly, organise, fund or sponsor any conflicting or competing activity in Cannes during the Festivals unless your company/organisation is permitted to do so for the Festival and it is acting in conjunction with Cannes Lions;
you shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in activities that are identical or similar to those conducted by Cannes Lions during the Festivals, or that otherwise takes commercial advantage, or is parasitic of the Festival, its brand, trademark or goodwill;
you shall not entice Festival delegates, sponsors or speakers away from the Festivals with the intention of presenting your own competitive commercial activities which run contrary to the Festivals or are to their detriment, or engage them to participate in or support your event or competitive commercial activity which undermines or damages the Festivals;
you shall not use the name, trademarks or logos of the Festivals or the Lions business name to promote your event or competitive commercial activity without our prior written consent or licence; and
you shall not engage in promotional or branding activities, including but not limited to the distribution of leaflets, brochures or flyers whether before, during or after the Festivals unless agreed in writing with Cannes Lions.
We are happy to assist in and support your company with the organisation and co-ordination of your private events. Email events@canneslions.com for benefits of the Cannes Lions Events opportunities.
We reserve the right to procure the cancellation of any event that you host or manage, whether before, during or after the Festivals, that is in breach of any of the terms of Clause 42 without any liability to you.
You acknowledge and agree that damages to Cannes Lions brands, goodwill and reputation are reasonably foreseeable consequences of a breach by you of Clause 42.
FORCE MAJEURE
Cannes Lions accepts no liability to you and will not pay any compensation where the performance of its obligations is prevented or affected directly or indirectly by or as a result of force majeure or any circumstances beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to, flood, earthquake, extreme adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, other acts of God, acts of terrorism (or threats of such acts), fire, failure of electric power, failure of hardware or software, cyber security attacks or any collapse of building structures.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Cannes Lions accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage suffered by you in connection with the Festival or your Accommodation, including without limitation any loss or damage to any property left in your Accommodation.
Cannes Lions will not be liable for any indirect, consequential or pure economic loss or any loss of profit, goodwill or opportunity (whether caused by the negligence of Cannes Lions or its employees, contractors or agents or otherwise).
Cannes Lions’ aggregate liability to you in respect of all losses, liabilities or damage suffered by you arising out of or in connection with these terms and conditions or your attendance at the Festival, howsoever arising and whether in contract, negligence or other tortious action or otherwise, will not exceed the value of the Pass.
Nothing contained in these terms or conditions or in any other document referred to or incorporated in it shall be read or construed as excluding any liability for death or personal injury caused by Cannes Lions’ negligence or liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or restricted by law.
You will ensure that we, our staff and our affiliates will not suffer or incur any loss, costs, claims or expenses of any kind arising from or in connection with any act or omission by you (including anyone acting on your behalf) during or otherwise in relation to the Festival or your Accommodation.
GENERAL
These terms and conditions shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales and the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any previous agreement in relation to such subject matter.
You acknowledge that in purchasing a Pass and/or Booking any associated Accommodation you have not relied on, and shall have no remedy in respect of, any statement, representation, warranty, understanding, promise or assurance (whether negligently or innocently made) of any person other than as expressly set out in these terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions shall not create, nor shall they be construed as creating, any partnership or agency relationship between us.
You accept that communication with us may be electronic. We may contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on our Website. You agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all such communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal or contractual requirement that such communication be made in writing.
Save as set out expressly in these terms and conditions you are not permitted to re-sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any of your rights or obligations arising under these terms and conditions.
Cannes Lions may update these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. We will post any changes on the Website. It is the user’s responsibility to ensure they review these terms and conditions regularly to familiarise themselves with any changes.  Continued use of a Pass shall constitute acceptance of the new terms and conditions.
If there is a dispute between the user and Cannes Lions concerning these terms and conditions, the parties will use all reasonable endeavours to act reasonably and settle the matter as appropriate. Nothing in this Clause 59 shall prevent either party from seeking interim or injunctive relief.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid the invalidity of that provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of it, which shall remain valid and enforceable.
No person who is not a party to these terms and conditions, shall have any rights under or in connection with it by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 and the rights of the parties to terminate, rescind or agree any variation, waiver or settlement under these terms and conditions shall not be subject to the consent of any third party.
No failure or delay by Cannes Lions to exercise any right or remedy provided under these terms and conditions or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
Nothing in these terms and conditions restricts the user’s statutory rights as a consumer (where applicable).
DISCLAIMER
Delegates are informed that all exhibits for the Festival are strictly for the purpose of criticism and review only and do not constitute any recommendation, endorsement or promotion of the products or services featured therein by Cannes Lions, any of its affiliates, or otherwise. Nothing contained in the exhibits represents the views or opinions of Cannes Lions or its affiliates, or otherwise and no reliance should be placed on any part of the exhibits other than for the purpose of evaluation as an entry to the Festival. Cannes Lions and its affiliates do not accept liability of any kind in respect of the exhibits or any product or service referred to in the exhibits.
SECTION B – ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLYING TO ATTENDANCE
CONDUCT
We ask that all delegates behave respectfully towards their fellow delegates and Festival staff. Delegates must not do anything which: (a) may bring the Festival or Cannes Lions into disrepute; or (b) be prejudicial to the image and/or reputation of the Festival or Cannes Lions. Delegates must: (i) comply with all reasonable instructions given by Festival staff, including without limitation in relation to health and safety; (ii) not do anything that would or is likely to endanger other delegates, Festival staff or the general public; and (iii) comply with all local laws, rules and regulations (including, without limitation, alcohol licensing laws and rules and regulations on the use of unmanned drones).
By purchasing a Pass you agree to comply with all security measures which are in place in and around the Festival including, without limitation, any bag checks, metal detectors or scanners.
PASSES
Please collect your Pass for the Festival from the registration area indicated in your booking confirmation email. Passes will not be issued unless and until payment for the Pass is received in cleared funds.
Passes must be worn at all times during the Festival. Passes are valid for the booked delegate only and must not be misused. Passes remain the property of Cannes Lions. We reserve the right to deny access to the Festival or confiscate Passes where we consider that there has been a breach of these terms and conditions (including without limitation, Clauses 65 and 66 (Conduct) above).
We will not replace lost or stolen Passes. Defacing and/or creating copies of a Pass is a breach of these terms and conditions and will be treated as fraud.
Name changes will not be accepted once a Pass has been collected.
AWARDS SHOWS AND CLOSING PARTY
Awards shows and the Festival Closing Party are included in some delegate packages and can be accessed with your delegate Pass. It is not possible to purchase additional access for individual awards shows or to the Festival Closing Party. Access to award shows and to the Festival Closing Party will not be possible without a delegate Pass.
You must be aged 18 or over to access the applicable Festival parties. Cannes Lions reserves the right to check a delegate’s form of identification (e.g. driving licence or passport) upon arrival at the Festival parties and to deny access to anybody who is under 18.
FILMING AND PHOTOGRAPHY AT THE FESTIVAL
Please note that we may film or take photographs of the Festival. When we are filming, we will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that delegates that may be in shot are aware (for example, by putting up filming notices). By entering an area where filming or photography is taking place, you are deemed to consent to being filmed or photographed. You grant us a licence (which means permission) to use, edit, reproduce, record, modify, enhance, encode, translate, distribute, play, perform, make available to other users, prepare derivative works of and to display your image and/or your contribution to the film or your photograph (your “Contribution”) (with or without advertising and sponsorship) by any media or methods whether now known or later developed. This licence may be exercised in our sole discretion throughout the world at any time.
You agree that this licence is: perpetual (which means it lasts forever); royalty-free (which means we won't pay for the permission either now or in the future); and transferable (which means we can transfer the licence to others). You agree that we can sub-license this licence (which means we can grant an equivalent permission to others which may include without limitation our group companies and advertisers or sponsors). You irrevocably and unconditionally waive, in respect of your Contribution, all moral rights to which you may be entitled and any broadly equivalent rights in any territory of the world. This waiver is made in favour of us but shall also extend to our sub-licensees, assignees and successors in title.
SECTION C – ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLYING TO ACCOMMODATION
ACCOMMODATION
Please read this Section C carefully before booking Accommodation via the Website. These are the current terms and conditions of our Accommodation partner bnetwork, which are reproduced here for your convenience only.
Accommodation general information: Accommodation (including hotel room(s), apartment(s) or studio ("Accommodation") for official delegates attending the Festival can be booked (a "Booking") through bnetwork SAS a company incorporated in France whose registered office is rue raphaël 1, 06400 Cannes, France ("b network"). bnetwork is an official partner of the Festival. bnetwork can only be contacted via the website or by email: canneslions@bnetwork.com. The hotel owner or Accommodation provider (the "hotel") is responsible for delivering your Accommodation, not bnetwork or Cannes Lions. Any Booking made independently outside of the official Cannes Lions website and bnetwork booking service is not the responsibility of bnetwork or Cannes Lions. Bookings can only be made through the Website once your official registered delegate pass has been purchased.
Accommodation eligibility: Please note that:
Reservations can only be made and confirmed by or on behalf of official Festival delegates who have completed registrations online.
Bookings are confirmed only once full payment is received for both the registered delegate passes with Cannes Lions and the Accommodation for said delegates with bnetwork.
The bnetwork booking system contains details of Accommodation which has been pre-approved by bnetwork and is located, in or around Cannes.
Accommodation Payment options: bnetwork accepts payment by credit card (American Express, MasterCard or Visa) or bank transfer. A 2% administrative fee will apply to all payments. There are two payment options available: a) Credit card payment
b) Bank transfer
Accommodation Payment schedule individual Bookings (less than 10 rooms):
Your reservation will not be confirmed until the full amount in cleared funds for the reserved rooms is received by bnetwork within a seven (7) days delay. The amount requested corresponds to the total cost of your reservation, including the room rate, daily breakfast and city tax.
Any Booking made from 18 September 2020 onwards to the end of the Festival, must be paid in full within a two (2) days delay.
If your payment is not received within the timeline stipulated above, your room(s) may be released back into the booking system for resale. No exceptions will be made to the payment schedule.
Payment schedule group Bookings (from 10 rooms):
If your payment is not received within the timeline stipulated below, your room(s) may be released back to bnetwork for resale. You are requested to pay for your room block in full, including the daily breakfast and the city tax.
In order to be confirmed, a deposit corresponding to the minimum stay payable (4 nights) of your room block will be requested upfront. Until reception of this payment, your block will be considered as an option only and rooms can be taken back by Cannes Lions for resale.
Upon reception of your first tentative rooming-list, or at the latest on 18 August 2020, a second payment corresponding to the full amount of your room block will be requested to confirm your reservations.
In order to be confirmed, all the nights and rooms requested/added from 19 August 2020 onward will have to be fully prepaid within a two (2) days delay.
All the rooms that are not fully prepaid by close of business on the 5 October 2020 will be cancelled and released back to the booking system for resale.
Clauses 89 to 92 of this Section C shall also apply to Group Bookings.
Accommodation Name Change Policy (Group Bookings):
Name changes for Accommodation for Group Bookings are permitted up to Midnight GMT Sunday 12 October 2020 free of charge
Name changes for Accommodation from 13 October 2020 (inclusive) onwards are at the discretion of the Hotel.
Accommodation cancellation policy:
For any cancellation of night(s) received before April 3rd 2020, the cancellation is permitted without penalty. Accommodation cancellations must be communicated to bnetwork in writing via email to: canneslions@bnetwork.com. Cancellation charges may apply in the event of cancellation as stipulated below:
For any cancellation of night(s) received between 4 April and 3 July 2020, 10% of the deposit paid for the night(s) cancelled will be kept as a cancelation fee and 90% refunded via the original method of payment after the event.
For any cancellation of night(s) received between 4 July and 14 August 2020, 50% of the deposit paid for the night(s) cancelled will be kept as a cancelation fee and 50% refunded via the original method of payment after the event.
For any cancellation of night(s) received between 15 August and 18 September 2020 2020, 80% of the deposit paid for the night(s) cancelled will be kept as a cancelation fee and 20% refunded.
For any cancellation of night(s) received from 19 September 2020  onwards, the deposit paid for the night(s) cancelled will be kept in full as a cancellation fee.
Please note that administrative fees are non-refundable regardless of when you cancel. In any event, cancellation fees cannot be used to credit another Booking or another night and are non-refundable.
Refunds can only be proceeded via the original method of payment, at the earliest the last day of the Festival.
Rooms that are left unoccupied 48 hours after the check-in date will be released back to the hotel and no refund will apply.
Accommodation reservation changes:
All reservation changes can be requested through the “Manage my reservation" area in your account. Changes will be confirmed by bnetwork within 1 working day and are subject to availability.
Name changes for Accommodation can only be made once names on the delegate pass have been amended. See clause 31 of Section A the general terms and conditions above for details of how to change names on the delegate pass and the charges that apply. Name changes for Accommodation from 13 October onwards are at the discretion of the hotel.
Accommodation minimum stay policy: The minimum stay, or minimum number of night's payable, depends on the dates required and the type of Accommodation booked:
If the stay includes :
Minimum stay to be paid:
Saturday 24 October
2 nights
Sunday 25 October
4 nights
Monday 26 October
4 nights
Tuesday 27 October
4 nights
Wednesday 28 October
3 nights
Thursday 29 October
2 nights
Please kindly note that some hotels may require a longer minimum stay on some of the above dates. In such cases, this will be indicated in the room rate section of the hotel. For apartment rentals, the minimum stay can vary from four to seven-night minimum stay, this is indicated in the apartment description.
Accommodation invoicing process:
bnetwork collects prepayment for all Accommodation reservations.
Funds will then be transferred in full to the relevant hotel(s) (minus the 2% administrative fee).
You will receive a Booking confirmation, but you will not be provided with an official invoice from bnetwork. Your payment to bnetwork will appear as a deduction on the final invoice issued by your hotel (or agency if applicable) upon check out. Any balance due on the final invoice will have to be settled directly with your hotel (or agency) before departure.
You can receive from bnetwork an official receipt/invoice for the 2% administrative fee, upon request.
Please address any specific invoicing details or requests to bnetwork directly and they will be communicated to the Accommodation providers accordingly. TVA will be applied to all invoices.
Accommodation Complaints procedure: All complaints and claims which you make in relation to the Accommodation are to be directed to (and are the responsibility of) the hotel.
Accommodation Force majeure: The Festival and/or bnetwork accept no liability and will not pay any compensation where the performance of its obligations is prevented or affected directly or indirectly by or as a result of force majeure or any circumstances beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to, flood, earthquake, extreme adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, other acts of God, acts of terrorism, fire or failure of electric power, computers, cyber security attacks or any collapse of building structures.
Accommodation Limitation of liability:
The Festival and/or bnetwork will not be responsible for the loss or damage whatsoever including any to any property left in the hotel or Accommodation.
The Festival will not be liable for any indirect, consequential or pure economic loss or any loss of profit, goodwill or opportunity (whether caused by the negligence of the Festival, its employees, contractors or agents or otherwise). bnetwork’s total liability shall not exceed the value of the Accommodation paid under these terms and conditions.
Nothing contained in these terms or in any other document referred to or incorporated in it shall be read or construed as excluding any liability for death or personal injury caused by the Festival’s negligence or liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Accommodation Governing law and jurisdiction: These Accommodation terms and any non-contractual obligations arising in connection with it are governed by English law. The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any dispute arising in connection with the terms, including disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations. Each party irrevocably waives any objection which it may now or later have to proceedings being brought in the English courts (on the grounds that the English courts are not a convenient forum or otherwise).
Accommodation Entire agreement: These terms constitute the entire agreement between the Festival, bnetwork and delegates in relation to the booking system operated by bnetwork for booking Accommodation to attend the Festival.
The following terms and conditions shall apply to all Group Bookings in addition to the terms and conditions set above in this Section C:
Payment schedule Group Bookings (from 10 rooms): Groups must be a minimum of 15 delegates.  If you are looking to bring 50 delegates or more, please inform Cannes Lions as soon as possible so that we can set up a call with you.
A 6.5% admin fee will be added to each registration for Groups.
100% of the registration will be invoiced as soon as the Group is confirmed. Payment will be due 30 days after invoicing or if invoiced post 4th April 2020, payment will be due immediately.
Once payment is received, no refund will be provided in any circumstances.
SECTION D – ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLYING TO YACHT PASSES
YACHT PASSES AND HARBOUR
Unless otherwise agreed between us, the standard Yacht Pass package will include five Complete Passes for the Festival.
If you buy a Yacht Pass, you will be eligible to request a berth from the Port of Cannes on the Quai d’Honneur during the Festival period. Spaces on the Quai d’Honneur are limited and allocated on first come first served basis.
The Yacht Pass does not guarantee the berth nor include its fees. This needs to be organised with the Port of Cannes and paid for separately. Please go to the CCI Riviera Ports website for more information http://www.riviera-ports.com/en/cannes-berths-during-events. Please be mindful of the official process for berth applications and take care when submitting your documents to ensure your submission complies with the CCI’s procedure.
The positioning of the berths is determined by the Port of Cannes through your reservation agent or captain. You will need to provide your Yacht Pass reference number to proceed with the application.
As the Yacht Pass purchaser you are responsible for the health and safety of anybody using the yacht (including guests) during the Festival. You must take out and maintain adequate insurance policies in this regard.
Previous Terms and Conditions – 23rd March 2020
Previous Terms and Conditions – 10th March 2020
Previous Terms and Conditions – 28th October 2019