http://www.atelier3.co.uk/privacy-policy
Atelier 3 Architects
Creative architecture in the South West
Who we are
The Studio
The Atelier 3 Team
News
Hot Topics
What we do
New Build
Residential Development
Extension and Refurbishment
Conversion
Commercial
Masterplanning
All projects
Contact us
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction and Terms
How to contact us
Your rights
Who we are
Information we may collect from you
Uses made of the information
Disclosure of your information
Where we store your personal data
Your rights
Access to information
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Contact
1) Introduction and Terms
Atelier 3 Ltd (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy and cookie policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.atelier3.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
2) How to contact us
You can contact us using the following details:
Mail: Data Protection Officer, Atelier 3 Ltd, Hamilton House, The Platt, Wadebridge, PL27 7AD
Email: Click Here
Telephone: 01208 895536
3) Your rights
Under GDPR Your Rights are:
The right to be informed – We must inform you how we use your data to fulfil our services.
The right of access – We must supply when asked what details we hold about you and the reasons why we need this information.
The right to rectification – When there is a change of details we must update them accordingly
The right to erasure – Sometimes when the data is no longer required you have the right to be removed.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to block or suppress the processing of your data.
The right to data portability – This is concerned with allowing an individual to obtain and safely reuse their data across different services for their own purposes.
The right to object – You have the right to object to us processing your data in some instances
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling. – We do not utilise any automated decision making systems within our work.
4) Who we are
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Atelier 3 Ltd of Hamilton House, The Platt, Wadebridge, Cornwall PL27 7AD.
5) Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us.
You may give us information about you by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, billing information or other information relating to your project such as sales particulars, health and safety files, previous consents and drawings, photographs etc.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites/social media we operate. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, client referral services, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy section.
6) Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information and services that you request from us;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties (external Consultants) to provide you, with information about the services necessary for the delivery and compliance of your project, for example Structural Engineers, Ecologists, Energy Assessors, Land, Quantity and Party Wall Surveyors etc.
to notify you about changes to our service;
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
7) Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Atelier 3 Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
8) Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things the provision of support services. By providing your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
All information you provide to us is stored securely.
Our data retention policy is dictated by the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation and the requirements of our professional bodies and insurers.
9) Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes such as the promotion of our services. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at our usual business address.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
10) Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
11) Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be notified to clients.
12) Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the Data Protection Officer at Atelier 3 Ltd.
Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
Third party cookies – Google Analytics
We use these cookies to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Hamilton House, The Platt, Wadebridge, Cornwall, PL27 7AD Tel: 01208 895536 Email: info@atelier3.co.uk
Cookies and Privacy Policy | Site map Copyright Atelier 3 Ltd 2018. All Rights Reserved.