https://www.indianionexchange.com/privacy-policy.php
Skip to content
+91-8511580100
export@indianionexchange.com
Pouch Packing Machine
Bottling Machine
Blow Moulding Machine
Glass Filling Machine
Labeling
Machine
Soda Soft Machine
Bulk Shrink Machine
Industrial RO System
Institutional Plant
Media
Mineral Water Newspaper
Careers
Support
Submit a Query
Contact Us
Blog
Request A Quote
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
At Indian Ion Exchange & Chemicals Ltd. Limited, we are committed to protect the privacy of all our customers. Indian Ion Exchange & Chemicals Ltd. does not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information at the individual level regarding its customers to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security. This information is collected primarily to ensure that we are able to fulfill your requirements and to deliver you a truly personalized shopping experience. When you purchase products from Indian Ion Exchange & Chemicals Ltd. or register with us for any services, you have the option of receiving e-mails regarding updates about special offers, new products and new services. We are also bound to cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer.
We may share non-personal, non-individual statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third-parties for research and advertising purposes. In other words, we will not tell our marketing partners that you purchased a specific product, but we may tell them how many customers purchased that product. As a continuing policy of product improvement at Indian Ion Exchange & Chemicals Ltd., the design and specifications are subject to change without prior notice.This Privacy Policy can be changed at the sole discretion of Indian Ion Exchange & Chemicals Ltd. from time to time. In case of any concern about your privacy, please write to us at export@indianionexchange.com and we will respond to you immediately.
INQUIRY NOW