http://www.usfunds.com/privacy-policy/
U.S. Global Investors
U.S. Global Investors
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Open A New Account
About Us
Contact Us
Our Team
Career Opportunities
Investor Relations
Our Investment Process
Mutual Funds
Our Mutual Funds
Fund Performance
Prospectus
ETFs
Investor Library
Frank Talk
Frank Talk Live!
Investor Alert
Interactive Favorites
Invest With Us
How to Invest
Prospectus
Forms & Applications
FAQs
Tax Help Center
Contact a Service Representative
GROW
Access My Account
Be informed of the market’s most important moves when you read the Investor Alert. Read it now
Subscribe to Investor Alert now
Privacy Policy
Compliance Policies
Home » Privacy Policy
Share this page with your friends:
Print
Email
Privacy Policy
Please note: The articles listed below contain historical material. The data provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in these presentations, please visit the appropriate fund performance page.
General Policy
U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and U.S. Global Investors Funds have created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your personal information. These are our information gathering and dissemination practices.
FACTS: What does U.S. Global Investors do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
transaction history and checking account information
account transactions and wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons U.S. Global Investors chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share
your personal information
Does U.S. Global
Investors share?
Can you limit
this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 1-800-US-Funds (1-800-873-8637).
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and U.S. Global Investors Funds (collectively known as U.S. Global Investors)
What we do
How does U.S. Global Investors protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does U.S. Global Investors collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or provide account information
make deposits or withdrawals from your account
make a wire transfer
tell us where to send the money
We also collect your personal information from other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include U.S. Global Investors, Inc. and U.S. Global Investors Funds.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share personal information with include companies that perform marketing on our behalf, printing and mailing companies, and companies that service your account(s).
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
U.S. Global Investors doesn’t jointly market.
Download a copy of this privacy policy here.
Internet Policy
We protect our users’ information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline with state-of-the-art technology. To access your account online, your computer’s web browser must support this technology. More detailed information is available on our website, www.usfunds.com. If you are just “surfing,” we collect and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movements and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Registration: If you want to buy or trade a mutual fund on our site, you must register by filling out an application form. The form asks for information such as name, e-mail address, address, gender and age. We use this information to send you materials about U.S. Global and products offered through our site, and to contact you when necessary. We are required under federal law to keep records of the information you provide to us.
When you register at our site, U.S. Global uses a cookie (a small data file stored on your computer’s hard drive) to store a unique, random user ID. We do not store passwords or any personal information about you. We use this ID to identify you anonymously in our database and to track information while you are on our site. Cookies also let you enter our site as a registered user without having to log on each time. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our site. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to use certain features of our site.
Linked Sites: Our site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. You should read the privacy statements of each website you visit that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information we collect on our site.
Children’s Privacy: Our site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and does not knowingly collect personal information from them. If we learn that we have obtained personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our records.
E-mail: E-mail is not a secure means of transmitting sensitive information. We will never ask you to submit your investment or personal information via e-mail.
Changes to Privacy Policy
U.S. Global may occasionally change this privacy policy. If a revision is material, U.S. Global will mail a notice to all current shareholders and will post the revised policy on its website. The changes will take effect as soon as mailed and posted.
Net Asset Valueas of 12/10/2020
Global Resources Fund
PSPFX
$5.70
0.07
Gold and Precious Metals Fund
USERX
$12.87
-0.08
World Precious Minerals Fund
UNWPX
$5.04
0.02
China Region Fund
USCOX
$9.46
0.04
Emerging Europe Fund
EUROX
$6.31
0.09
All American Equity Fund
GBTFX
$24.45
-0.08
Global Luxury Goods Fund
USLUX
$19.79
0.06
Near-Term Tax Free Fund
NEARX
$2.25
No Change
U.S. Government Securities Ultra-Short Bond Fund
UGSDX
$2.00
No Change
Please consider carefully a fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a fund prospectus by clicking here or by calling 1-800-US-FUNDS (1-800-873-8637). Read it carefully before investing. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser.
Read additional important information.
Bond funds are subject to interest-rate risk; their value declines as interest rates rise. Tax-exempt income is federal income tax free. A portion of this income may be subject to state and local income taxes, and if applicable, may subject certain investors to the Alternative Minimum Tax as well. The Near-Term Tax Free Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets in securities that pay taxable interest. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. The tax free funds may be exposed to risks related to a concentration of investments in a particular state or geographic area. These investments present risks resulting from changes in economic conditions of the region or issuer.
Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Foreign and emerging market investing involves special risks such as currency fluctuation and less public disclosure, as well as economic and political risk. By investing in a specific geographic region, a regional fund’s returns and share price may be more volatile than those of a less concentrated portfolio.
The Emerging Europe Fund invests more than 25% of its investments in companies principally engaged in the oil & gas or banking industries. The risk of concentrating investments in this group of industries will make the fund more susceptible to risk in these industries than funds which do not concentrate their investments in an industry and may make the fund’s performance more volatile.
Because the Global Resources Fund concentrates its investments in a specific industry, the fund may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries.
Stock markets can be volatile and share prices can fluctuate in response to sector-related and other risks as described in the fund prospectus.
Morningstar Ratings are based on risk-adjusted return. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Past performance does not guarantee future results. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating? based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)
Each of the mutual funds or services referred to in the U.S. Global Investors, Inc. website may be offered only to persons in the United States. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product or service to investors residing outside the United States.
Certain materials on the site may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in such materials, please visit the fund performance page.
Some link(s) above may be directed to a third-party website(s). U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by this/these website(s) and is not responsible for its/their content.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.
How To Invest
Access My Account
Explore Our Funds
U.S. Global Investors • 7900 Callaghan Road San Antonio, Texas 78229 • 1-800-US-Funds
©2020 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Prospectus
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Policies and Procedures
Contact Us