https://www.c-sgroup.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CONSTRUCTION SPECIALTIES, INC.
www.c-sgroup.com
Construction Specialties, Inc. (the "Company") is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers’ personal information. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by the Company at any time that you interact with the Company, such as when you visit our website located at www.c-sgroup.com ("Website"), when you purchase our products and/or services, or when you call our sales or support representatives. This Policy is designed to inform you about the type of information we may collect, why we collect that information, to whom we may disclose that information, and how we safeguard that information to protect your privacy.
The Company may update this policy from time to time. Any changes to this policy will be posted on this page and will be effective when posted. Any material changes to this Policy will be accompanied by a notice on the Website.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED. The Company may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings, or most-recently visited URL. The Company may also ask you to provide certain non-personally identifiable information about yourself, such as your job title, buying preferences, etc. during any contact you have with the Company.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED. The Company may ask you to provide personally identifiable information when you’re discussing a service issue with a Company representative, before you choose to download any files from the Website, including but not limited to PDF or CAD files, when you participate in an online survey, when registering a product, or when purchasing a product. Such personally identifiable information may include your: name, company name, company address, company telephone number, and/or e-mail address. Additional third parties may provide The Company with additional Personally Identifiable Information as part of normal business operations.These may include phone number, email address, job title, etc.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED. In general, the Company will only use the personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information that you provide to us (collectively, the "Information") for the specific purpose for which it was sought, including the creation of a user profile. Non-personal demographic and profile data is used to tailor your experience on and off our Website, showing you the content or products that the Company believes may interest you. The Company may provide the Information to individuals or legal entities within the Company (who are also required to adhere to the this Policy), including the Company’s sales representatives for your geographic territory, who may use the Information to deliver promotional material regarding the Company, our partners, trend analysis, pattern detection, and site administration. Additionally, the Company may share Information with third parties to tailor your experience on and off of our Website, such as advertising products that the Company thinks may interest you.All reasonable efforts are taken to ensure the Information is encrypted before or at the time of sharing, to ensure the privacy and security of our customers and the company.These third parties may not rent or sell this Information. You may choose not to receive such promotional materials by following the instructions set forth in the Opt-Out Section below. The Company does not sell or rent to any outside marketing agencies, outside affiliates, unaffiliated entities, or other third parties that are not controlled by or otherwise affiliated with the Company. In addition to the above, the Company intends to comply with any legal requirement that it disclose the Information as may be imposed by valid authority of competent jurisdiction. The Company may also disclose the Information if it determines that such disclosure is necessary for the purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
USE OF IP ADDRESS. The Company may use your IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the Website.The Company may also use your IP Address to determine which business you represent to better serve your needs. The Company may also use your IP Address as part of Information, above.
USE OF COOKIES. When you view the Website, the Company may store some information on your computer in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on the Website. Cookies do not monitor your activity or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and obtain information collected there. Rather, Cookies help you navigate the Website as easily as possible. The Company uses Cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to prevent you from reentering all your registration data at each connection. The Company may use an outside advertisement server to display advertisements on the Website. Such advertisements may contain Cookies. The advertisement server may collect Cookies received with outside banner ads. We do not have access to information that would confirm the use of Cookies by the outside advertisement server.
SECURITY. The Company utilizes industry standard technical, administrative and physical security measures to protect the loss, theft, destruction, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access and disclosure of the Information under our control. While we cannot ensure the complete security of such Information, the Company will take any and all reasonable steps to ensure its safety.
OTHER WEBSITES; LINKS. The Website may contain links to other websites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
UPDATES. In order to ensure the veracity of the Information, every time you receive a CS Enews mailing, you will be provided with a link to update your account information located at the bottom of the email. This will be sent with every mailing for security purposes. Unfortunately, to the extent that such information is also stored in other databases, the Company cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will reach the other databases. However, the Company will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Information is removed from or corrected in our records.
OPT OUT. If you do not want to receive communications from the Company or if you do not provide the Company to use the Information for a particular purpose, every time you receive a CS Enews mailing you will be provided with a link to unsubscribe your email address from our mailing list. This will be sent with every mailing for security purposes.To Opt Out of the use of Information for advertising purposes, you may contact the appropriate advertisement server.
NOTICE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS. The Company abides by the safe harbor framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. The following link provides more information about the safe harbor program to which the Company adheres. http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/sh_overview.html.
NOTICE TO PARENTS AND/OR LEGAL GUARDIANS. The Company has no intention of and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children. If a child aged thirteen (13) or younger submits personal information to the Company and we learn that such personal information is that of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you have any reason to believe that your child has provided any personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at info@c-sgroup.com.
NOTICE TO KIDS. Do not submit any personal information on this Website. In particular, do not submit your name, address, phone number, email address, or any other information that would help someone locate you. Remember, you should always check with your parent or guardian before using the internet and visiting websites.
YOUR CONSENT. By using our site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
CHANGES. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 3/12/2020
CONTACTING US. If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.c-sgroup.com
6696 State Route 405 Highway
Muncy, Pennsylvania 17756
USA
info@c-sgroup.com
800.233.8493
By continuing to browse or by clicking ‘Accept’, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance your site experience and for analytical purposes. To learn more about how we use the cookies, please see our privacy policy.
Accept
×