https://www.dadco.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Request a Quote Now!
This is the Privacy Policy of DADCO.
The postal address of our headquarters is:
43850 Plymouth Oaks Blvd.
Plymouth, MI 48170 USA
You can reach us by telephone at (734)207-1100.
Our website, www.dadco.net, features our products and services with information about our company and operations.
Our site also provides opportunities for you to contact us.
The protection of your privacy is important to us and all personal data collected and used is in accordance with legal provisions under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This Privacy Policy informs you of our use and protection of your personal information.
1.	Responsibility and Scope:
The responsible party is DADCO, Inc, DADCO GmbH is the representative in the EU.
For any questions or suggestions regarding data protection please contact us by email at info@dadco.net.
This privacy policy applies to the collection and use of personal data when visiting and using the website of DADCO.
2.	Collection of Personal Data:
We collect store and process visitor data from you as soon as you visit our site or transmit data to us via our contact forms. You can visit the website without disclosing personal data. When you visit our site, visitor communication data (internet protocol addresses) or usage related information (visited content) is automatically collected. This data is archived without any reference to persons (through anonymization of the IP address).
We receive personally identifiable data only when you contact us via the contact forms.
3.	Use of Personal Data:
Information collected is used for the purpose of statistical or technical analysis to improve our site and product/service offerings. Information provided on the contact forms is used to respond to your inquiry.
By submitting the contact form to us you agree that the information provided may be stored and used by DADCO.
The purpose for collection and storage is given by your request and the processing is lawful under Article 6 of the GDPR.
Information provided on the contact forms is stored and we may use that information to provide future email marketing notifications on behalf of our company (DADCO) regarding related website content.
We do not sell or disclose personally identifiable information to third parties but we reserve the right to disclose data when we are legally obligated to do so, at the request of a governmental authority conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website. We may disclose anonymized data to contractors appointed and supervised by us who provide technical services (such as hosting, security, and maintenance). Contractors will be required to conform to personal data security provisions under the GDPR.
4.	Protection/Security of Data:
The protection of your data is important to us.
We use appropriate security measures including encryption, firewalls, passwords, and physical security to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information we have collected through the use of our site or contact forms. Https encryption is used when data is submitted via our contact forms. If additional protection is required for transmission of more sensitive data, please send it to us in a different way.
If you have questions about the security of our website please contact us directly.
5.	Disclosure and Deletion of Data:
In accordance with Article 15 of GDPR we will provide information about the data stored related to a requesting person, electronically or in writing upon request, free of charge.
Before providing such information we may require documentation specifying the identity and authenticity of the requestor. Requested personal data will be deleted or blocked dependent on the request.
Deletion is possible provided that storage is no longer required for processing or for other legal reasons.
6.	Cookies:
We use cookies to record session information, such as custom web page content based on visitor browser type or other information automatically collected from visitor communication data (IP address or visited content). You can prevent the storage of cookies with adjustment of the settings on your browser software.
Some features of the website may not function fully if you choose not to allow cookies.
7.	Withdrawal of Consent:
If we use your personal data based on your consent through use of the contact form or through other deliberate disclosure on your part, you may revoke your consent at any time.
Please contact us by email at info@dadco.net to revoke your consent.
Revised May 21, 2018
This site uses cookies:
Privacy PolicyAccept