http://www.biogard.com/privacy-policy
HomeServicesIndustriesTrainingCompanyBlogContactCLICK TO CALL OUR24-HOUR EMERGENCY HOTLINE1.800.808.15531.800.987.0748HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy and Cookies PolicyLast updated: March, 2020Thank you for visiting Rolyn Companies, Inc. (variously referred to in this policy as “Rolyn,” “We,” “Our” or “Us”). Our website is located at www.rolyncompanies.com.  Rolyn believes that you have the right to know what information is being collected about you when you visit our site, and what is done with that information. The terms of this privacy policy (Privacy Policy”) will govern the use of any information collected while the policy is in place and from your use of any Services that we provide on this Site. “Services” means services provided by or on this Site, the Site itself, and any other services as defined in the Terms of Use for this Site, and the Standard Terms and Conditions of Sale, which are incorporated by reference.  This policy applies only to the online collection of information.  Different policies and practices may exist with regards to the offline collection of information by Rolyn.  Additionally, this privacy policy only applies to the Rolyn website. Any sites that may be linked to or from this site may have different privacy policies. Rolyn is not responsible for the privacy policies, or lack thereof, of sites that are accessed through links from our sites. You should review the privacy notices on such sites for details. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy and encourage you to revisit this page. Should Rolyn change its privacy policy, we will post the date such changes were made at this page.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as it will tell you what information we collect about you and your use of our Site, our Services, how we collect, use, share and protect that information, and the choices you have about how we use and share such information.  By using our Site or Services, you agree that you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to all other relevant terms, including our Terms of Use for this Site, found at [insert link].Consent to use of information in the United States and elsewhere.  This Site is owned and operated by Rolyn in the United States.  The information that you provide will be accessible to Rolyn in the United States.  The information you provide will also be accessible to companies we contract with that may be located in countries around the world to assist with the Services. If you are visiting this Site from a country other than the U.S., your communication with us will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries.  Please note: Rolyn is a U.S. company intending to do business in the U.S.  If you are seeking Rolyn services from outside the United States, please take note that Rolyn’s work and availability is subject to US laws and regulations, and under certain circumstances may not be available outside the U.S.  The level of legal protection for personal information is not equivalent in all countries; however, we will take the security measures described below to keep your data as secure as reasonably practical, and in accordance with applicable U.S. law.  By using our Site or Services, you unequivocally consent to the collection, storage, and processing of your information in the U.S., and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, Terms of Sale, Limitation of Liability, or other relevant terms we have published.This Site and its Services have been developed for use by Rolyn, its customers and individuals seeking employment with Rolyn.  Rolyn will not knowingly collect, maintain, disclose or otherwise process Personally Identifiable Information of any individual who is under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide us with any such information about yourself.  If it comes to our attention that we have collected such information, we will delete it as soon as we discover it.I. Information We CollectWe have access to the categories of information about you and your use of our Services that are set forth below.  Only some of this information identifies you directly, but some information that does not identify you directly could nevertheless used and, if combined with other information, might be capable of identifying you.Information That You ProvideRolyn collects two types of information about you when you visit our sites:  We collect “Personally Identifiable Information,” which is information that could be used to identify or contact you and includes data such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address information.  There may be many other kinds of Personally Identifiable Information as well (including, by way of example only, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and information necessary for your account such as your credit card or checking account information, if applicable).  We also collect non-personal, aggregate information (such as information regarding the pages on our sites that you have visited and your IP address).  Rolyn does not intend to contract or sell directly to individual consumers, wherever located, and will not knowingly accept personal data from individuals in the EU.  If you are an individual in the EU, please do not provide us with Personally Identifiable Information.Correspondence with Rolyn.  You may report problems with the Site by e-mailing us at [insert site].  Please take note: if you send us e-mail, we will have your e-mail address as well as all other information that you include in your e-mail to us.  Any feedback you submit to us will become our property, and we can and may use such feedback for business purposes, or to contact you for further information.Information That Is Routinely Collected By Our Site Technology
General Use.  Whenever you use our Site, we collect information, which your Web browser automatically sends whenever you visit a Web site on the Internet.  Our servers automatically record this information, which may include your Web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more “cookies” that may uniquely identify your browser (see definition of “cookies” below).Cookies.  We collect information about your use of our Site through cookies and similar technology.  A "cookie" is a unique numeric code that we transfer to your computer so that we can keep track of your interests and preferences and recognize you as a return visitor to our Site.  Cookie technology allows us to collect and review data that is not Personally Identifiable Information, reflects your activities on the Site, including the pages you view, and whether you are a return visitor to our site.  Our cookies do not collect or keep your name or other Personally Identifiable Information.  We use the information collected by cookies for general statistical purposes. Web Beacons.  Web beacons are graphic image files embedded in a web page or e-mail that send information from your browser back to the beacon’s originating server.  The information collected by web beacons allows a web site to statistically monitor how many people are using the site.  A third party service provider used by Rolyn places web beacons on this Site to track a user’s activity on this Site or across sites, or to let Us know if a user has opened an e-mail that we sent.  The information collected by the web beacons is not personally identifiable. Referrers.  Rolyn may also collect information through "referrers," IP addresses and various environmental variables. A "referrer" is information the web browser passes along to the Rolyn web server that references the URL from which you came. An "IP address" is a number used by computers on a network to identify your computer so that data can be transmitted to you. "Environmental variables" may include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time of day that you accessed our web site, the type of web browser and operating system or platform used, the Internet address of the web site you left to visit Rolyn, the pages you visit while at our web site, and the Internet address of the web site you then visit. We may collect all of this information to allow us to detect broad demographic trends, to provide information tailored to your interests, or to enhance your experience on the Rolyn web sites.II.      How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We use information about your activities and use of our Services (compiled and obtained as described above) to monitor user traffic patterns, analyze what our users prefer so that we can improve our Services, our Site and potentially provide you with information that may be of interest to you.  Sharing Your Information With Third Parties.   Unless you are under the age of 13 or an individual in the EU, we share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties necessary for assisting us with conducting our business, including our Internet web site hosting company; our credit card and check processing companies; the manufacturers of the products we sell, and third parties that assist with our services, including shipping carriers. These parties only use the information they obtain from our web sites for the purpose of providing services to Rolyn. Further, Rolyn reserves the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as well as non-personal information if Rolyn reasonably believes it is required to do so by law, to protect itself or to protect the rights of another user; to reduce risk of credit or other kind of fraud; or to comply with a court order.If you do not want Rolyn to share your information with the third parties noted above, please do not submit your Personally Identifiable Information to Rolyn.  If you are under the age of 13 or an individual in the EU, please do not provide us with any personally identifiable information.Use of IP Address.  In addition to logging the IP address of your computer as you move about our Site, we also may use your IP address to personalize Site content.  We retain IP addresses, and we may retain them together with Personally Identifiable Information that you provide and use such information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.  Use of Cookies.  We may use the data we obtain through the use of cookies to customize your experience on our Site by anticipating the information and Services that may interest you.  We also analyze the information collected with cookie technology to help us improve the functioning of our Site by monitoring traffic in popular areas and to modify the Services and information we provide to meet user demand.  We use the information we collect through cookies for our business purposes, including operation of our Site, as well as possibly providing you with information that may interest you. Use of Information for Investigatory, Legal and/or Compliance Purposes.  We may use all, or part, of the information described in this Privacy Policy for investigatory, legal and/or compliance purposes.
Limited Disclosure of Your Information.  Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as you specifically agree or direct, we will not disclose to any third parties any information we collect from or about you through our Services.
Disclosure for Legal or Safety Reasons.  We may need to release Personally Identifiable Information and other information associated with Personally Identifiable Information to third parties: (1) to respond to a request, inquiry, or complaint that you have made; (2) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (3) in the event of an emergency that threatens an individual’s life, health or security; or (4) in special cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate, identify, or take preventive measures or bring legal action against someone who may commit or cause harm, fraud, abuse, or illegal conduct, such as a threat of harm to you or anyone else, interference with our rights or property, or interference with U.S. homeland or national security or public safety anywhere in the world.  In the event of an emergency, or if we are legally compelled to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party, we will notify you, unless we believe that doing so would violate the law or a court order, or pose a threat or danger to anyone, or where it would seriously impede the proper execution of our business operations.  We will also take measures to ensure that the requesting entity understands the need to protect any Personally Identifiable Information that it may receive.  We also reserve the right to cooperate with law enforcement authorities in disclosing information for the purpose of (1) investigating and prosecuting users who violate the rules of our Services, our Terms of Use or engage in behavior that may be a breach of an agreement, illegal or harmful to us, our property, or others, or is a threat to U.S. homeland or national security, public safety anywhere in the world, or the conduct of international affairs, and (2) assisting such authorities in the administration of any law.  Disclosure to Operations and Maintenance Contractors.  We may contract with third parties to provide services for our Site or Services.  These contractors include manufacturers, vendors and suppliers who provide technology, content, and other services, recruiters, vendors who analyze data collected on our Site, and vendors who send and/or respond to e-mail on our behalf (each, a “Contractor”).  These Contractors may have access to your Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide services to us or on our behalf.  If we allow a Contractor to have access to your Personally Identifiable Information, we will not authorize the Contractor to use or disclose the information for any purpose that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy.  By using our Services, you unequivocally consent to such use and disclosure of data as described herein, and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy. Disclosure to Subsequent Owner or Operator.  If we assign our rights and obligations regarding any of your information at the time of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets to a subsequent owner or operator of this Site, you will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, such subsequent owner or operator, of any information about you contained in our files and records so long as that use is in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.   III.   Links to Other Sites; Advertisements This web site may contain links to other sites. Additionally, third parties may from time to time link to the Rolyn web site. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OR PRACTICES OF ANY OTHER SITES. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that they visit. This privacy statement applies solely to the Rolyn web site located at [insert site].IV.       Your Privacy Choices
When you use this Site, you have the following choices about the information you provide.  Accept/Reject Cookies.  Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies, but if you reject our cookies, certain functions and conveniences of our Site may not work properly.  Cookies and similar technologies are how we ensure that we can promptly retrieve and deliver information to you when you use our Site. Access, Correct, Update, or Delete* Personally Identifiable Information.   You may access, correct or update Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to our Site at any time and may correct any inaccuracies by sending an email to [insert address]. Where required by applicable law, we will notify you if we cannot accommodate such requests to correct, update or delete information, and provide an explanation as to why we cannot do so.*Deletion Policy.  All information that you provide via our Site and/or our Services is stored in servers that are operated and maintained by us and/or our Contractors.  Upon receiving your request (by e-mailing us at [insert address]), we will delete the Personally Identifiable Information stored in the databases that we actively use if and when that information is no longer needed for any business or legal purpose.  In addition, after receiving your request for removal, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your Personally Identifiable Information and not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information about you, except as required by law. Retention of Personally Identifiable Information.  Rolyn will maintain copies of information about you, including Personally Identifiable Information, for at least as long as required to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as necessary for business purposes, and in accordance with applicable law, including U.S. federal, state and local laws.  Communicate with Us by E-mail.  You may communicate with us via e-mail at [insert address] if you have questions about the Services of this Site, but please be aware of the limits on the confidentiality of e-mail communications.  While we will not disclose Personally Identifiable Information that we receive in e-mail unless such disclosure is necessary to respond to your request or inquiry, or is otherwise permitted as described above, all e-mail transmissions are vulnerable to unauthorized interception.  In addition, we remind you that e-mail sent or received through an employer's computer or computer system is not confidential and may be the legal property of your employer.  V.      Our Security Measures  We want your personal information to remain as secure as reasonably possible.
Data Security.  As an SSL-certified business, when you transmit Personally Identifiable Information directly to our Site (as opposed to sending an e-mail), we use encryption technology to protect the integrity and privacy of the data.  As an added security precaution, all Personally Identifiable Information is stored behind firewalls that meet or exceed industry standards to prevent intruders from gaining access.  Although we will make reasonable efforts to protect Personally Identifiable Information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party could intercept an Internet transmission, or that someone will find a way to thwart our security systems.  VI.     Changes in Our Privacy Policy
We will only use your Personally Identifiable Information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when you provided the information.  However, we reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, and other related terms at any time by posting revisions to this Site.  All such changes will be effective when posted, and your use of our Site or any of our Services thereafter will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.   Accordingly, you should review the Privacy Policy for this Site each time you visit or log in to this Site.  In the event We make any material change to this Privacy Policy that alters the use of your Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you of such change by email, and you will have the opportunity to have that information deleted in accordance with the Deletion Policy set forth herein.In a crisis, you need rapid response from a company with the skills and experience required to handle any type of disaster.CONTACT USMake Sure You're CoveredRolyn's PSA is a Priority Service Agreement that puts pricing, billing, and response logistics in place before services are needed. It allows you to make a decision about prices and capabilities before a disaster strikes, instead of in the chaotic midst of a disaster or emergency situation.SIGN UP TODAYGet Our NewsletterStay up-to-date with all things relating to Rolyn. Sign up or text 'Rolyn' to 28828!SIGN UPProudly Supporting Our CommunityContact1.800.808.1553info@rolyncompanies.comNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS5706 Frederick AvenueRockville, MD 20852Regional OfficesOfferingServicesIndustriesTrainingCredentialsLicensesCompanyOur StoryLeadershipPressreleasesCareersBlogPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use © 2020 Rolyn Companies, Inc.
All rights reserved.