http://www.healthwise.org/privacy.aspx
Demo Login
Contact Us
Client Login
Solutions
Browse by Solution
Point of Care
Care Coordination
Digital Experiences
Care Management
Care Transformation
Browse by Business Type
Health Systems
Health Plans
Provider Organizations
App & Web Developers
Global Solutions
Canada
Partners
All Partners
Allscripts
Cerner
eClinicalWorks
Epic
NextGen
ZeOmega
Services
Resources
About
Our Story
Leadership
Press & News
Blog
Clinical Review Board
Awards
Culture & Careers
Events
Solutions
arrow
Browse by SolutionPoint of CareCare CoordinationDigital ExperiencesCare ManagementCare TransformationBrowse by Business TypeHealth SystemsHealth PlansProvider OrganizationsApp & Web DevelopersGlobal SolutionsCanada
Partners
arrow
All PartnersAllscriptsCernereClinicalWorksEpicNextGenZeOmega
Services
Resources
About
arrow
Our StoryLeadershipPress & NewsBlogClinical Review BoardAwardsCulture & CareersEvents
Contact
Client Login
Menu
Demo Login
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: April 1, 2019
Healthwise, Incorporated (“we” or “Healthwise”) respects your privacy. This privacy notice (the "Privacy Notice") together with our Terms of Use describes the personal information that we collect from you, how we share and use that personal information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Notice only applies to information we collect through www.healthwise.org website (our “Website”) and how that information may be used or disclosed by us.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided in the 'Contact Us' of this Privacy Notice.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed.
However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Who we are
Healthwise is a nonprofit organization with a mission to help people make better health decisions. We offer evidence-based, medically-reviewed health education resources, including videos, care instructions, post-discharge education, shared decision making tools, and articles on medical conditions, wellness, symptoms, tests, and treatments that are primarily used by health systems, physician groups, care management companies, and health plans to better educate their patients and clients.
Children Under the Age of 16
The Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including:
Information you provide to us.
Information collected via technology (as you navigate through the Website)
User Contributions
If you are a customer's business contact (i.e. a customer's employee with whom we interact to manage our business relationship) we collect your first and last name, contact information (professional email address, phone number and work address), your professional detail (job title and affiliated organization) and transaction history.
Information You Provide to Us
Healthwise collects personal information from its online visitors and users on a voluntary basis to fulfill your requests and to create or enhance our relationship with you. Certain parts of our Website may ask you to provide information: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details, username, password, country of residence, company name, and/or area of interest in order to register an account with us, to access our demos, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to contact us or submit inquiries to us. When you contact us by sending us an email, we will collect your email address and any information contained in the email you send us.
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
Information Collected via Technology
As you navigate our Website, certain information may also be collected automatically from your device, using cookies and similar tracking technologies, in order to improve the user experience of our Website, our products or services, or in furtherance of our nonprofit mission.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like
details of your visits to the Website, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, and the resources that you access, as well as information about your computer and Internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website is of interest to them.
We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website to our visitors.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology” below.
User Contributions
You are responsible for any content, including personal information, that you contribute to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on the Website (“User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to other users of the Website at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. Even after removal, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by the Terms of Use.
Use of Information We Collect About You
The information we collect about you, whether it is from Information you submitted to us or that we collected via technology, is used by us for reasons including to:
Respond to requests that you make;
Improve the user experience of the Website;
Improve our products or services;
Keep our website secure;
Further our nonprofit mission, which may include offering you additional information, opportunities, and functionality; or
Provide you with electronic newsletters or promotional emails in accordance with your communication preferences.
In general, we will use the personal information we collect from you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your personal information.
However, we may also use your personal information for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you (such as archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes) if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Feedback
If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your personal information. We will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the personal information in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, we do not trade, rent, or share your personal information with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so. In addition, Healthwise will obtain opt-in consent prior to sharing any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, or a cost-free method to opt out, as required under applicable privacy laws.
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our third party service providers who provide services to us to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website; or to provide marketing services, or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice,
or if notified to you when we collect your personal information.
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
We sometimes share general, demographic, or aggregated (non-personal) information with third parties about our user base, but that information will not include any personal information.
Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA visitors only)
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iii) where we have your consent to do so.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our Website and communicating with you as necessary to provide our products to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our Website, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.
We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us” heading below.
Cookies and similar tracking technology
For further information about the types of cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies please see our Cookie Notice.
Links to Other Websites
We may provide links on our Website to certain third-party websites or referrals to certain third-parties’ products or services. If you choose to visit a third party’s website, or use its products or services, the third party’s privacy statement, and not this Statement, will govern your activities and any information you disclose while interacting with the third party.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. If you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to "opt out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).
Despite your indicated email preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding the Website or notices of any updates to our terms of service for the Website or this Privacy Notice.
You may change any of the personal information in your Website profile by editing your information in your profile.
Additional Rights of EEA visitors:
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by editing your information in your profile or by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “Contact us” heading below.
In addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “Contact us” heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available here.)
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Security
We recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information you entrust to us. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your personal information in our possession. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident.
These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Website servers are located in the United States and Canada. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to respond to a query from you, provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Contact Us
If you think that the use of your personal information is not in alignment with the purpose for which you have provided it to Healthwise, as described in this Privacy Notice, or if you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Notice, please visit our Contact Us page.
You may also write to us at: Attn: Privacy Officer, Healthwise, Incorporated, 2601 N. Bogus Basin Road., Boise, ID 83702. compliance@healthwise.org
The data controller of your personal information is Healthwise, Incorporated.
Privacy Notice Updates
This Privacy Notice is subject to occasional revision in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments, and changes will be posted on this page. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you in a way consistent with the significance of the changes we make for example through the email address you have provided to us or through a notice on our home page.
The date the privacy notice was last revised is identified at the top of this Privacy Notice.
YouTubeFollow on YouTubeTwitterFollow on TwitterLinkedInFollow on LinkedIn
Solutions
Point of Care
Care Coordination
Digital Experiences
Care Management
Care Transformation
Support
Resources
Client Login
Demo Login
Contact
Healthwise
Our Story
Leadership
Press & News
Blog
Clinical Review Board
Awards
Culture & Careers
Events
©1996–2020 Healthwise, Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.Terms of Use | Privacy Notice | Cookie Notice | Site Map
We use cookies to make interactions with our website meaningful. By using the website, you agree to the use of cookies. Head to our cookie policy to learn more about cookies and manage cookies on this site.
×
COVID-19 Resources