http://www.ey.com/en_us/legal-and-privacy
Skip to the content
EY Homepage
Search
Close search
See all results in Search Page
No results have been found
Recent searches
(container)
See all results for
Topics
General
People
Trending
How a quality audit enhances trust
10 Oct 2019
Assurance
Why the potential end of cash is about more than money
7 Jan 2020
Banking and capital markets
As data personalizes medtech, how will you serve tomorrow’s consumer?
22 Sep 2020
AI
Who we are
What we do
What we think
Work with us
Our locations
COVID-19
Select your location
Change
No search results have been found
Local sites
Connect with us
My EY log in
Welcome to EY United States (EN)
You are visiting EY United States (EN)
Welcome to EY United States (EN)
You are visiting EY United States (EN)
Legal and privacy
Cookie Policy
Data Protection Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) Program
EYGS UK tax strategy
Global Code of Conduct
Global Web Accessibility Statement
Legal Statement
Privacy Shield Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Connect with us
Our locations
Careers
Webcasts
My EY
Site map
California: Privacy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Legal and privacy
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
EY | Assurance | Consulting | Strategy and Transactions | Tax
About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, consulting, strategy and transactions, and tax services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
© 2020 EYGM Limited. All Rights Reserved.
EYG/OC/FEA no.
ED MMYY
This material has been prepared for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as accounting, tax, or other professional advice. Please refer to your advisors for specific advice.
Welcome to EY.com
In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services: Functional cookies to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings), Performance cookies to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, Advertising/Targeting cookies, which are set by third parties with whom we execute advertising campaigns and allow us to provide you with advertisements relevant to you,  Social media cookies, which allow you to share the content on this website on social media like Facebook and Twitter.
You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the privacy policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website.
Review our cookie policy for more information.
Customize cookies
I decline optional cookies
I accept all cookies