http://www.dynic.com/privacy-policy
English |
Spanish
Dynic Global
800-326-1249
Products
TTR
Cetus® Textile Labels
CAF
HG Sheets
Applications
Flexible Packaging
Textiles
Logistics & Inventory
Chemical Resistance
Custom Applications
Automotive
Food & Beverage
Health
Retail & Hang Tags
Electronics & Appliances
Support & Resources
Blog
Tech Support
Request Sample
Become Reseller
Product Documentation
About
News
Careers
Privacy Policy
Last modified: 1/1/2016
Introduction
DYNIC USA CORPORATION ("Company" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website dynic.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your activity on the Website; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of posting material on the Website or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information when placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on the Website and transmitted to others at your own risk. Please be aware that no online security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.  For this reason, we recommend that you do not include any sensitive or personally identifiable information about yourself or others in your User Contributions.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). See the section "Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information"  for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this Website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related Website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Do Not Track. This Website does not respond to your browser's settings regarding whether or not to set cookies when you visit.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This website contains links to other websites over which Dynic USA Corporation has no control (“External Web Sites”).  Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Dynic of those external websites.  You acknowledge that Dynic.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Dynic.com is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites.  Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.  For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
What are Analytics and how do we use them?
Visitors to our website use different operating systems and mobile devices. To make your visits as easy as possible with the technology you use, we use Analytics Tools such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics that automatically keep track of information like the operating system (e.g., Mac, Windows) you use, your IP address, domain name of your Internet service provider, websites visited before and after this Website, resources used, pages viewed and activities on our Website, and advertisements seen or clicked on. We also track the total number of users of our Website in an aggregate form to allow us to update and improve it.
To learn more about Google Analytics, see "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please contact info@dynic.com to adjust your online profile. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Communications with You.  From time to time, we may use your personal information to send email messages to you regarding your account, to respond to any emails or other communications you send to us, and/or to advise you of any problems with this Website.  In addition, if you are a registered user of this Website, we may use a bulk email service to send messages with information about services and events that we believe you may be interested in.  You may opt-out of receiving future newsletters and marketing communications from this Website by contacting us directly at info@dynic.com, or by following the "unsubscribe" process at the bottom of the promotional email.  If you are not a registered user of this Website, we will not send bulk emails to you.  Except for email messages that you send to us, we will not monitor or edit the contents of your email, and we will not disclose your emails except as described above.  The content of our emails to you may be tailored to your specific interests based on your registration profile information or Website visitor data.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Dynic's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Dynic about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including in response to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use  [or terms of sale] and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Dynic, our customers or others.
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. Our systems currently do not recognize "do not track" signals from your browser. The "help" function of your browser should contain instructions on how to set your browser to not accept new cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or how to disable cookies altogether.
To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website at http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by contacting us at info@dynic.com to adjust your online profile. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@dynic.com.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to opt-out of Dynic's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to info@dynic.com. Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosure made for non-marketing purposes.
California law also permits residents of California to request and obtain from us once per year, free of charge, a list of the third parties (if any) to whom we have disclosed personal information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an e-mail to: info@dynic.com or by writing Dynic USA Corporation, ATTN: Marketing, 4750 NE Dawson Creek Dr., Hillsboro, OR 97124. Requests via telephone or facsimile will not be accepted. The e-mail subject line or the content of your request must include the phrase "Your California Privacy Rights," and include your name, e-mail address (if you wish to receive a response via e-mail) or street address, city, state, zip code (if you wish to receive a response via postal mail). Please allow 30 days to receive a response to your inquiry.
Data Security
We have implemented reasonable measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Contact Information
Dynic USA Corporation4750 NE Dawson Creek Dr.Hillsboro, OR  97124503-693-1070info@dynic.com
Resources You May Be Interested In
Become a Reseller
Request a Sample
Visit Our Blogs
See All Resources
Speak With an Expert
800.326.1249
DYNIC USA CORPORATION
Tel: 800-326-1249 or 503-693-1070
Fax: 503-648-1185
4750 NE Dawson Creek DrHillsboro, OR 97124
PRODUCTS
TTR
Cetus® Textile Labels
CAF
HG Sheets
APPLICATIONS
Flexible Packaging
Textiles
Logistics/Inventory
Chemical Resistance
Custom Applications
Automotive
Food & Beverage
Health
Retail Hang Tags
Electronics & Appliances
RESOURCES
Blog
Tech Support
Request Sample
Become a Dynic Reseller
Product Documentation
Customer Compliance Portal
STAY CONNECTED WITH DYNIC
Join our community to stay up to date with tips & tricks for excellence in execution.
© 2020 Dynic USA Corporation. All Rights Reserved. |
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
S2®, Sirius®, and Cetus® are all registered trademarks of Dynic USA Corporation.