http://www.watertanks.com/privacy.aspx
Resource Center
Contact
Email Us
Water Tanks
Plastic Water Tanks
Rainwater Harvesting Tanks
Portable Water Tanks
Classic Corrugated
American Highline Tanks
Bolted Tanks
Municipal Tanks
Corrugated Water Tank Kits
Tank Liners
ATC Standard Policies
Liquid Storage Tanks
Agricultural & Industrial
Norwesco Tanks
Cylindrical Process Tanks
Rectangular Tanks
Tank Fittings & Accessories
Ammonia Diffusion Tanks
DEF Tanks
Pumps & Pressure Tanks
Agriculture & Farm Pumps
ASME Tanks
Commercial / Industrial Pumps
Drip Irrigation Systems
Goulds Pumps & Water Systems
Irrigation Pumps
Pump Parts & Accessories
Residential Water Pumps
Subaru Pumps & Generators
Sewage Pumps
Water Pressure Boosters
Water Pressure Tanks
Water Pumps & Well Pumps
Underground Tanks
Septic Tanks
Underground Storage Tanks
Containment Solutions Tanks
Xerxes Tanks
Filters & Heaters
Ozone Water Treatment Systems
Water Filters
Pur Water Filters
Tankless Water Heaters
Sediment Filters
Fuel Tanks
Fuel Tanks
Fuel Transfer Tanks
Hazardous & Industrial
Dewatering
Frac Tanks
Rental Tanks
Roll Off Containers
Spill Containment
Titan Boltless Tank Fittings
NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP
Sign up for our newsletter and receive helpful water saving tips and be the first to know about upcoming sales.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of American Tank Company.
Our postal address is American Tank CompanyPO Box 340Windsor, CA 95492
We can be reached via e-mail at info@watertanks.comor you can reach us by telephone at 800-655-9100
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:http://www.bcentral.com/npl/privacy.asp
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward .
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by write to us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
© Copyright
2011 - 2020
American Tank Company
- Link to Us - Privacy Policy
Questions or Sales Inquiries? Email
sales@watertanks.com
Website questions or comments? Email
webmaster@watertanks.com
Resource Center |
Contact |
Email Us