https://www.wholesalejewelry.net/terms-conditions/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Security and Privacy
You can shop at WholesaleJewelery.net with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
WholesaleJewelry.net is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program. For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy at http://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information on what information we gather about our customers and how this information is used.
Returns
All merchandise is guaranteed to be in good condition and not defective at the time of shipping from our company.  Any merchandise can be returned within 7 days for a full refund of the purchase amount, minus shipping, for any reason. All returns MUST be in the original, unopened packaging that it was shipped in.
Orders
There is a minimum of $50.00 (USD) order on merchandise from our website.
We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover Card.
For PayPal orders, please call us at 1-888-563-4411, and a representative will be able to process your order.
For COD orders and other methods of payment please print and fax or email your order. You can also print it and give us a call at 1-888-563-4411 our representatives will be glad to help. All COD orders are subject to an additional fee for the COD tag. We charge only what UPS charges us.
Please call for pricing on large quantity orders.
If you have any questions about these terms, our products, or this website, please contact us and we will be happy to help you.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY
COMMON QUESTIONS ABOUT CALIFORNIA'S PROPOSITION 65Text Of Prop 65 Warning:California Proposition 65 Warning:This product may contain materials that can expose you to chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, or birth defects or other reproductive harm.Glasses and sunglasses may display the Prop 65 warning because of the Bisphenol-A (BpA) found in polycarbonate lenses.Bisphenol-A (BpA) is a starting material in the manufacture of polycarbonate, so there are trace amounts of BpA found in those lenses. Common consumer goods, such as water bottles and the coatings on the inside of many food and beverage containers are made with BpA.According to www.bisphenol-a.org, studies have consistently shown that the potential migration of BpA into food is extremely low, generally less than 5 parts per billion. In May, 2015, the state of California relisted (BpA) on the Prop 65 chemicals list. Also consider that you will not be biting, drinking from, or otherwise ingesting your glasses' lenses.Fashion jewelry may display the Prop 65 warning due to the possibility that the metal may contain one or more chemicals such as lead or cadmium.What is wrong with your product?Nothing! We are proud of our products. We sell high-quality products that meet all state, federal and local safety laws.Why do you put this label on your products?Under California law, companies must provide this warning if their products contain any chemicals on the State of California's list of 850+ chemicals that may cause cancer or reproductive harm.This label is approved as a "reasonable warning" in regulations adopted by California's Environmental Protection Agency.Proposition 65 allows Californians to sue a business that does not put this warning on their products.Our products meet all state, local, and federal safety laws.We have more than 100,000 product styles sourced from hundreds of manufacturers around the world each with their own supply chain that we are not always able to obtain testing documentation for each item so we display the warning for chemicals that are known to be used in the manufacture or commonly found in similar items.What is Proposition 65?Proposition 65 is a California law passed by California voters in 1986. Its formal name is the "Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986." Prop 65 requires the state to keep a list of substances that may cause cancer or reproductive toxicity in humans or animals. You can get more information about Prop 65 on Californa's website,www.P65Warnings.ca.govProp 65 requires businesses to warn customers if they will be exposed to an amount that is more than one-thousandth of the amount that causes no effect (for reproductive toxins) or that would cause more than one case of cancer in 100,000, assuming that exposure every single day for a lifetime.Prop 65 does not regulate the amount of chemicals in products. It just requires a warning.Prop 65 does not prohibit selling any product. It just requires a warning.Our products meet all federal, state, and local safety laws.
×
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter and receive information about the latest Products!
Email Address
×