https://www.synchrono.com/privacy-statement/
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
1. To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
2. To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
3. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
4. To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates based on your interest, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 6/1/18
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
synchrono.com
287 East 6th Street, Suite 515
St. Paul, MN 55101
USA
info@synchrono.com
651.228.1772
About Synchrono®
Learn more about our company and how our Demand-Driven Manufacturing systems have impacted clients.
White Paper - The Next Generation of Planning and Scheduling Solutions
First Name*Last Name*PhoneTitle*Company*Email*
×
×
White Paper | Gaining Clarity
First Name*Last Name*TitleCompanyEmail*Phone
×Test_form
×White Paper | Gaining Confidence
White Paper | Gaining Confidence
Please complete and submit the following information to download the white paper. Thank you for your interest in Synchrono!
First Name*Last Name*TitleCompanyEmail*PhoneCaptcha
×DEMO REQUEST