http://www.biljac.com/privacy-policy/
Bil-Jac Privacy Policy
| Bil-Jac
Skip to Content
Home
Products
All Products
Browse by Type
Dry Food
Wet Food / Toppers
Treats
Health Enhancers
Browse by Breed Size
Small
Medium
Large
Browse by Age
Puppy
Adult
Senior
Find the Best Bil-Jac For You
Where To Buy
Bil-Jac Difference
For Pet Parents
The Dog Blog
The Puppy Hub
Breed Library
Training Videos
Join Best Friends Club
Two Bowl Dog Food Challenge
Contact Us
About Us
Search Icon
For Pet Parents
The Dog Blog
The Puppy Hub
Breed Library
Training Videos
Join Best Friends Club
Two Bowl Dog Food Challenge
Contact Us
About Us
Search Icon
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Bil-Jac website! Bil-Jac is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. Such information is securely stored within the Bil-Jac private network. Some information may also be shared with Bil-Jac business partners and other organizations and individuals with which Bil-Jac has established a strategic alliance or other contractual relationship. The primary purpose behind the sharing of information is to better the services being provided to you by Bil-Jac and by the organizations and individuals for which Bil-Jac has established contractual relationships. Information will also be used to improve Bil-Jac sales, marketing, and business development efforts.
How We Handle Information About Your Visit to Our Site
If you read or download information, we automatically collect and store:
the requested web page
the domain from which you access the Internet (e.g. wowway.com)
the date and time you access our site
status of the request (e.g. success or failure)
the type and version of your web browser (Firefox, Chrome, Edge, etc.)
the operating system (Windows, Mac, Unix, etc.) of the machine running the web browser
Links & Disclaimer
Our web site has links to many other organizations with their permission. Upon leaving the Bil-Jac web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. Bil-Jac is not responsible for the availability of the systems being linked to and these links are provided to you as a service for you to better understand the different business relationships that Bil-Jac has established.
Connect with us!
#BILJACBELIEVER
Breed Library
Bil-Jac Frozen
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Bil-Jac. All rights reserved.
×
Search
Search