http://www.professionalsadvocate.com/content/policy-coverages-pap
Skip to main content
FooterLegal Notices and Privacy Policy Help Contact Us
Policies & Coverages
ProAd offers a range of high quality, professional liability insurance products for health care providers, including: Individual Professional Liability, Organization Professional Liability, Health Care Provider Group Professional Liability, Business Liability, Excess Liability and MedGuard.
Coverages
Individual Professional Liability
Provides coverage for individual doctors or allied health care professionals for claims for bodily injury, property damage or personal injury arising out of acts or omissions of a professional nature and for which the Insured is legally liable.
Organization Professional Liability
Provides coverage for organizations whose professional liability exposure will be insured under a policy which is separate from that of the physicians or certain other health care professionals affiliated with the organization. It covers claims for bodily injury, property damage or personal injury arising out of acts or omissions of a professional nature and for which the Insured is legally liable.
Health Care Provider Group Professional Liability
Provides coverage for the organization and its affiliated health care professionals under the same policy. It covers claims for bodily injury, property damage or personal injury arising out of acts or omissions of a professional nature and for which the Insured is legally liable.
Business Liability
Provides coverage for an individual or an organization for claims for bodily injury, property damage or personal injury arising out of the Insured's premises or operations necessary or incidental to those premises.
Excess Liability
Provides excess coverage over the primary Professional Liability Coverage Forms and the primary Business Liability Coverage Form for claims which would have been provided by the primary coverage forms except for the exhaustion of their limits of insurance.
MedGuard
Provides an annual aggregate limit of insurance to pay the legal expense of defending insureds against various disciplinary proceedings. For additional information, please read these MedGuard Frequently Asked Questions.
Privacy Breach Response Coverage
Comprehensive privacy breach coverage provides meaningful protection and reimbursement in the event of a loss. Click here for more information.
IMPORTANT NOTE
As with any insurance coverage, the coverage provided by ProAd, including all terms, conditions and exclusions, is set forth in your policy. The descriptions above are very brief and general and do not reflect all coverage terms and conditions. These descriptions are not a substitute for reading the policy forms in their entirety. Please check with your local Professionals Advocate broker or agent for complete information on the ProAd Policies and Coverages available in your area.