http://www.carnivaltoys.com/content/2-privacy-policy
Home
New products
About us
Categories
BASKETBALLS
(FULL) B-BALLS
(MINI) B-BALLS
CANDY
CRAFTS/ACTIVITY
INFLATES
KEYCHAINS
KNOBBY BALLS
LIGHT-UPS
MARDI GRAS
PLASTIC TOYS
PLUSH: STUFFED TOYS
PLUSH ($.45-$.60)
PLUSH ($.65-$1.40)
PLUSH ($1.45-$2.50)
PLUSH ($3-$5)
PLUSH ($6-$10)
PLUSH (JUMBO)
SUPPLIES
PARTY FAVORS
Cart
0
products
product
(empty)
No products
$0.00
Shipping
$0.00
Total
Cart Check out
Information
Delivery and Tracking
Church Carnival Fundraising
School Carnival Fundraising
Carnival Game Prizes and more!
Free Carnival Game Ideas: Carnival Starter Kit
Carnivaltoys.com Safety
Carnivaltoys.com FAQ
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Carnival Game Memories
Live Chat
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website HERE.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 11/17/2010Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. info@carnivaltoys.com
Specials
DOZEN 5" DUCK PON PONS
$16.20
$15.20
» All specials
Top sellers
1
DOZEN 6" ASSORTED ANIMALS (4 DIFFERENT ANIMALS)
$5.40
2
DOZEN 6" CLOWN FISH (MOSTLY ORANGE)
$5.40
3
DOZEN 9" ASSORTED ANIMALS
$10.80
4
DOZEN 6" FROGS
$6.30
5
DOZEN 7" PULL BACK CARS (ASSORTED COLORS)
$8.20
» All best sellers
Our Special Offers
CarnivalToys.com