http://www.airscreen.com/en/contact/privacy-policy
DE
EN
FR
ES
IT
PT
AIRSCREEN classic 24ft (7.32m) - Dubai, EmiratesAIRSCREEN nano 10ft (3m) - SeychellesAIRSCREEN classic 52ft (16m) - California, USAAIRSCREEN classic 20ft (6.10m) - Tulum, MexicoAIRSCREEN classic 66ft (20m) - Traverse City, USAAIRSCREEN classic 24ft (7.32m) - Cruise ship4x AIRSCREEN classic 40ft (12m) in Barcelona, SpainAIRSCREEN classic 66ft (20m) - Santiago de Chile
Here you'll find information on how The AIRSCREEN Company treat data that we collect from visitors to our website, or when someone subscribes to our newsletter.Visitors to our website  When someone visits www.airscreen.com we use Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in our Cookies Policy below.Newsletter sign-up  As part of the registration process for our newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you've asked us to tell you about, to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information, to check our records are right, and sometimes to wish you a Merry Christmas. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp's privacy notice.You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer Christian Kremer.Forms on our website We use simple forms on our website to allow you to contact us easily online. The information supplied will only be used to respond to your initial enquiry and matters related to it. If you would like to remove your information from our system please email our data protection officer Christian Kremer.  Links to Other Websites This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. If you have questions about how other websites use your information, you'll need to check that site's privacy statement.  Cookies Policy Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's deviceWe do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details. The only cookies used on airscreen.com are the ones set by Google Analytics outlined above.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.Access to Your Personal Information You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Christian Kremer.  Changes to this Privacy Policy We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 27th May 2018. Mr. Christian KremerThe AIRSCREEN Company GmbH & Co. KGHafenweg 26 D-48155 Münstertel  +49 (0) 251 60 90 250info@airscreen.comwww.airscreen.com
AIRSCREEN® - the brand for superior inflatable screens sold in 125+ countries+49 170 77 55 969  cell phone +49 171 77 55 969  whatsapp+49 251 60 90 250  office lineImprint | privacy policy | sitemap | terms & conditions | info@airscreen.com © 2020 The AIRSCREEN Company, Germany