http://www.picis.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Solutions ›‹ Solutions
Industry Suites
Perioperative Suite
Government Suite
Clinical Information System Suite
Experior Suite
Products
Envision Analytics
RapidICU
Orchestrator
PriorityQ
Anesthesia Manager
Critical Care Manager
OR Manager
PACU Manager
Preop Manager
SmarTrack
SmarTrack Next
Services ›‹ Services
Professional Services Team
HealthCheck
About ›‹ About
Our Team
Partners
News
Events
Resources
Contact
EN | ES | FR
Skip to content
Solutions
Industry Suites
Perioperative Suite
Government Suite
Clinical Information System Suite
Experior Suite
Products
Envision Analytics
RapidICU
Orchestrator
PriorityQ
Column 3
Anesthesia Manager
Critical Care Manager
OR Manager
PACU Manager
Preop Manager
SmarTrack
SmarTrack Next
Services
Professional Services Team
HealthCheck
About
Our Team
Partners
News
Events
Resources
Contact
Demo
Support
EN | ES | FR
Privacy Policy
Picis Clinical Solutions, Inc. (“Picis”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we receive and collect from you through this website.  We also believe in transparency and are committed to informing you about how we treat your personal information.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.picis.com (the “Website”) and applies solely to information collected by this Website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT CHOICES AND RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN THIS REGARD.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS NOTICE, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE WEBSITE.
Our Role in Protecting the Privacy and Security of Your Personal Information
Picis is responsible for adhering to applicable data protection principles and laws and to safeguarding the personal information that you provide to us through the Website. Picis does not sell personal information and we have not sold personal information nor shared personal information for commercial purposes in the preceding 12 months.
Information Collection
The types of information we collect (and have collected in the previous 12 months) include:
Contact Information, such as your name, address, email, telephone number and other contact details. We typically collect this information (and have collected in the previous 12 months) in order to respond to your requests made through our Website about our services, including requests for resources or other content, such as webinars, case studies and white papers.
User Account Information, such as your contact information, other identifying information, username, and other registration information necessary to establish and maintain your account profile. You may edit or update your user account information at any time.
Business Contact Information, such as contact information, job title, job role and other personal information in order to respond to your requests and provide the content you have requested for yourself or on behalf of your organization.
Location Information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, internet tags, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or other beacon technology, or other similar location-tracking technologies. We collect this information to assist with analytics, content development and to maintain and improve the security of the Website and our services.
Cookies and Similar Technologies, which are small files and other data collection and tracking technologies that enable certain website functions. We use these technologies to track user behavior on the Website, to compile statistical reports on Website activity and to maintain and improve the security of the Website.  For further information, see the Cookies and Similar Technologies section of this Notice.
User Contributions to the Website, including such personal information that you include in your Blog posting comments.
In addition to the information we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly sources.
Our Uses of Personal Information
In addition to the uses described above, Picis uses the personal information we collect through the Website in the following ways:
To provide you with the services and information you have requested, including training and support for free trial services;
To manage our relationship with you, including administering your account and taking other steps necessary for the performance of our business relationship with you;
To determine user interests, needs and preferences;
To provide notice of changes to our Website or the services or content we offer or provide through it;
To conduct research and analysis;
To develop new products and services;
To market our services to you. We will only provide you with marketing-related information, including by email after you have consented to receive those communications and will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of such communications at any time;
To comply with our legal and compliance obligations, including maintaining records, performing compliance audits, etc.;
To exercise and defend our legal rights, or to comply with court orders;
For any other purpose related to and/or ancillary to any of the purposes and uses described in this Notice for which your personal information was provided to us;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
For any other purpose to which you have consented or for which we have a legitimate and lawful basis under the law.
We will not sell your data nor share it without your express permission. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as stated in this Notice.
Category
Disclosure Contexts
Acquisitions
If another company acquires Picis we will share your personal information with that company.
Disclosures With Your
Consent
We may ask if you would like us to share your personal information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Notice.  We will only disclose your personal information in this context with your consent.
Disclosures Without Your
Consent
We may disclose your personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders or other legal processes, or to comply with relevant laws.  We may also share your personal information in order to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, the safety of person or property.
Public
Some areas of our Website provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum (e.g., blog).  If you decide to submit your personal information in these areas, you do so at your own risk and acknowledge that the information will be publicly available.
Service Providers
Picis may share your personal information with our service providers.  Among other things, service providers may help us to administer the Website, and assist us with processing for legitimate purposes permitted by law.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt-out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you. Please note that we may not be able to delete your information in the event that the information remains necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or another legal basis applies.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information we have gathered, please email Info@picis.com. We want to make sure your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
If you have questions, need additional data, or have concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at Info@picis.com.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy notice, you should contact us immediately via email at Info@picis.com.  You may have rights under your local laws to file complaints with your local data protection authority should you wish to do so.
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information
Picis stores and processes personal data in Canada and the United States.  While the data protection, privacy and other laws of Canada and the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take necessary and appropriate steps to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. By using our Website or requesting services from us, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing and transfer of your personal information to our facilities in Canada, the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Notice.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Picis uses cookies and other similar technologies to enable certain Website functions, develop web browsing analytics, store and track your preferences and behavior. Picis does not sell any of this information to third parties.
A “cookie” is a small file created by a web server that can be stored on a user’s device for use either during a particular (“session” cookie) or future (“persistent” cookie) browsing session.   Cookies may include information about Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), URLs of any referring or exited web pages, operating system and/or date and time stamps.
Most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies.  If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to refuse all or some types of cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent by website tracking technologies.  For information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, visit to learn more about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.  If you disable the use of cookies, you may not have access to the full benefits and features of the Website.
In addition to cookies, Picis may passively collect information about your browsing activities using other data collection and analytics technologies, such as internet tags, web beacons and navigational data collection in order to improve Website functionality and analytics.
For instance, we use Google Analytics and similar technologies to collect and process statistical data about the number of people using our Website and to better understand how they find and use our web pages.  This does not include personally identifiable information, nor do we store or associate such analytics with personally identifiable information collected elsewhere. You may learn more about Google Analytics and the performance of tracking cookies that it uses by visiting https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners as well as Google’s restrictions on data use by visiting the Google Privacy Policy .To opt-out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install the opt-out browser add-on feature.  For more detail, visit the “Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on” page (located at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881>hl=en).
Do Not Track
We do not currently recognize browser settings or signals of tracking preferences, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our Website or systems that compromise your personal information, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are required to do so by law.
Data Retention Policy
If you have opted in to one of our marketing communications offerings, such as our newsletter, we will continue to retain your contact information until you choose to opt-out. If you opt-out, we will keep your information for up to three years, unless you ask us to remove it by emailing Info@picis.com.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy notice only applies to this Website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Picis cannot and does not (i) guarantee the adequacy of privacy, security, practice content or media provided by third parties or their websites, (ii) control third parties’ independent collection or use of your personal information, or (iii) endorse any third party information, products, services or websites that may be reached through embedded links on this Website.
Changes to our privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy notice was last updated on December 18, 2019.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy notice information we hold about you, or how we maintain the security of your information: Info@picis.com. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please opt-out of these communications by clicking the unsubscribe link.
If you wish to contact us regarding this policy, please contact our Corporate office at 1-888-847-7747.
For requests regarding European Data Subject Access please email DPO@harriscomputer.com.
For requests regarding the California Consumer Privacy Act please email CCPArequest@harriscomputer.com.
Revision history:
12/17/19: added contact email addresses for questions/concerns about CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act) and GDRP (General Data Protection Regulation)
07/02/19:  Per CCPA regulations: added the following statement “we have not sold personal information nor shared personal information for commercial purposes in the preceding 12 months”; added “last revised date”
06/25/19: Per CCPA regulations: added toll free number for questions/concerns about the policy
06//19/19: Per CCPA regulations: added the types of information we collect, what we’ve collected in the previous 12 months and that “we have not shared personal information for commercial reasons”
07/03/18: Added banner for cookies policy
Copyright © 2020 Picis Clinical Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy. Find out more.Accept and close