http://www.ventureoutsource.com/privacy
Start a New Topic
Sign Up
Confirmation email arrives in your inbox. Click link to log in, and start a new topic.
First Name
Last Name
Business Email
Using your corporate email qualifies your VO Profile to display a green star indicating Corporate Verified Member.
Password (at least 6 characters)
Log In
We will immediately redirect you so you can start a new topic.
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Enter your business email
(888) 860-1193
Search Directory or
All
Contract Electronics Services Explained
Find Electronics Design Services
Find Electronics NPI Services
Find Electronics Manufacturing Services
Find Electronics Supply Chain Services
Find Electronics Logistics Services
Find Electronics After Market Services
Search Aerospace, Avionics Contract Electronics
Search Automotive Contract Electronics
Search Computing Contract Electronics
Search Consumer Devices Contract Electronics
Search Energy, Clean Tech Contract Electronics
Search Industrial Contract Electronics
Search Medical Contract Electronics
Search Military, Defense Contract Electronics
Search Networking Contract Electronics
Search Peripherals Contract Electronics
Search Servers, Storage Contract Electronics
Search Telecom Contract Electronics
Keywords
Using keywords combined with using check boxes further targets your search for electronics services.
Cancel
Markets Served
Avionics, Aerospace
Automotive
Clean, Green Technology
Computers
Consumer Devices
Industrial
Medical
Military, Defense
Networking
Peripherals
Servers, Storage
Telecommunications
Other
Facilities Locations
Canada
China
Europe - Eastern
Europe - Northern
Europe - Southern
Europe - Western
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
Mexico
USA - West
USA - Midwest
USA - Southwest
USA - Southeast
USA - Northeast
Vietnam
Philippines
Singapore
South America
Taiwan
Thailand
United Kingdom
Rest of World
Some questions for OEMs to ask electronics services providers
How do you differ from similar, low-cost providers serving identical markets?
How can I be certain our program tooling will be designed to specs?
What IP security do you have to protect my product?
How do you manage cost reductions? How do share ongoing savings?
What alternative to China manufacturing do you offer to enter Asian markets?
Can you reassure me key program personnel won't be pulled elsewhere?
Is all activity performed in-house or do you sub-contract some portions out?
Services Offered
Design Services
Design & Engineering
Product Development
Implementation Services
Environmental Engineering
Lifecycle Engineering
Original Design Manufacturing (ODM)
New Product Introduction
Prototyping
Tool & Mold Design
Process Tech Development
Assembly Documentation
Supply Chain Management
Consulting, Planning
BOM Analysis
Purchasing
Logistics
Info, Systems Integration
Regulatory Compliance
Manufacturing Services
Surface Mount Technology, Printed Circuit Board Assembly (SMT / PCBA)
Plastic Injection Molding
Backplanes
Machining & Enclosure
Cabling
Build-to-order, Configure-to-order (BTO / CTO)
Test & Quality Assurance
Documentation Packaging
Logistics Services
Transport, Freight Forwarding
Warehouse, Inventory Management
Distribution, E-commerce
Information Integration
Order Fulfillment
Customs Clearance
After Market Services
Return Material Authorization (RMA)
Reverse Logistics
Repair & Warranty
Replace Pool
Failure Analysis
E-waste, Recycle
Cancel
OEM Use CasesEMS DocumentsEMS DirectoryContractsFeasibilityBest PracticesCost ModelsOEM CommunityHome
Menu
Home »
VentureOutsource.com Privacy Policy
VentureOutsource.com Privacy Policy
Last updated January 31, 2020
Venture Outsource, LLC (“VentureOutsource”, “we”, or “us””) takes the privacy and protection of personal information very seriously. By visiting and using the VentureOutsource Services or registering for the VentureOutsource Services and creating an Account, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy””). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the VentureOutsource Terms of Service and which incorporate this Privacy Policy by reference.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
“Personal Information is information that is personally identifiable like names, addresses, e-mail addresses, or phone numbers, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing.
“Anonymous Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not permit the identification of individual persons.
We collect and use Personal Information and Anonymous Information as described in this Privacy Policy from users of the VentureOutsource Offerings (“Users”).
BY USING THE SERVICE OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SERVICE, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY AND BY USING THE SERVICE OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU ARE EXPRESSLY CONSENTING TO SUCH PROCESSING.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, where not otherwise defined, the following terms have the meanings set forth:
“Visitor” means any user, person or entity that visits VentureOutsource or purchases VentureOutsource Product such as documents or sample industry contract or uses our forms to contact or requests materials or information from sponsors, or Providers and from VentureOutsource.
“Providers” means third parties (“Third Party Companies”) that advertise on VentureOutsource Websites, purchases VentureOutsource Marketing Services, lead generations services or is part of our directory of companies or provide services, features or information in connection with VentureOutsource Websites.
General Information
As a general principle, your granting of any consent and your provision of any Personal Information hereunder is entirely voluntary; there are generally no detrimental effects on you if you choose not to consent or to provide Personal Information. However, there are circumstances in which VentureOutsource cannot take action without certain Personal Information, for example because this Personal Information is required to process your orders or provide you with access to a web offering or newsletter or connect you with a sponsor or Provider. In these cases, it will unfortunately not be possible for VentureOutsource to provide you with what you request without the relevant Personal Information.
VentureOutsource has business relationships with third-party service providers within, as well as outside of, the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). As a consequence, whenever VentureOutsource is using or otherwise processing your Personal Information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, VentureOutsource may transfer your Personal Information to countries outside of the EEA including to such countries in which a statutory level of data protection applies that is not comparable to the level of data protection within the EEA. Whenever such transfer occurs, it is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (according to EU Commission Decision 87/2010/EC or any future replacement) in order to contractually provide that your Personal Information is subject to a level of data protection that applies within the EEA.
You can request from VentureOutsource at any time details about which Personal Information VentureOutsource processes about you and the correction or deletion of such Personal Information. Please note, however, that VentureOutsource can delete your Personal Information only if there is no statutory obligation or prevailing right of VentureOutsource to retain it. If you request that VentureOutsource delete your Personal Information, you will not be able to continue to use any VentureOutsource service that requires VentureOutsource’s use of your Personal Information.
If VentureOutsource uses your Personal Information based on your consent or to perform a contract with you, you may further request from VentureOutsource a copy of the Personal Information that you have provided to VentureOutsource. In this case, please contact the email address below and specify the information or processing activities to which your request relates, the format in which you would like this information, and whether the Personal Information is to be sent to you or another recipient. VentureOutsource will carefully consider your request and discuss with you how we can best fulfill it.
Furthermore, you can request from VentureOutsource that we restrict your Personal Information from any further processing in any of the following events: (i) you state that the Personal Information VentureOutsource has about you is incorrect, (but only for as long as VentureOutsource requires to check the accuracy of the relevant Personal Information), (ii) there is no legal basis for VentureOutsource processing your Personal Information and you demand that VentureOutsource restricts your Personal Information from further processing, (iii) VentureOutsource no longer requires your Personal Information but you claim that you require VentureOutsource to retain such data in order to claim or exercise legal rights or to defend against third party claims, or (iv) in case you object to the processing of your Personal Information by VentureOutsource (based on VentureOutsource’s legitimate interest as further set out below) for as long as it is required to review as to whether VentureOutsource has a prevailing interest or legal obligation in processing your Personal Information.
Please direct any such request to insight@VentureOutsource.com.
Right To Lodge A Complaint
If you believe that VentureOutsource is not processing your Personal Information in accordance with the requirements set out herein or applicable EEA data protection laws, you can at any time lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of the EEA country in which you live or with the data protection authority of the country or state in which VentureOutsource has its registered seat.
Data Controller
The data controller of www.VentureOutsource.com is VentureOutsource, LLC, 1346 The Alameda, Suite 7, San Jose, CA 95125 (“VentureOutsource”).
Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily:
If you register for with our site we collect a username, your real name, e-mail address, and a password. Your Account (“VO Profile”?) makes you a member in our OEM Community and you declare you meet OEM Community Requirements and are subject to VentureOutsource.com’s User Terms. Membership is free.
We also collect optional information you choose to add to your VO Profile to complete your VO Profile, including your name, photo image of the user, company type, job function, city/state, country, and region. Completing some or all of these unlock certain VentureOutsource Services, like private messaging other users, and writing anonymous reviews of Providers. You control which pieces of information you display to other users, and whether or not other users can see you VO Profile through the backend of your VO Profile when logged in.
If you participate in one of our surveys, you sometime have the option to provide your name, your telephone, your e-mail contained in your responses to such survey and any additional information you provide. When you contact us by sending us an e-mail, we will collect any information that is contained in (and/or attached to) your e-mail.
If you make a posting or comment on a posting on the VentureOutsource Services, we will collect any Personal Information contained in such posting. In some postings you can opt to post anonymously.
If you sign up for a feature of the VentureOutsource Offerings for which we charge a fee, we use Stripe for compliance of all Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS). We will transmit your first and last name, billing address, credit card or payment account number and any other information needed to complete the transaction through the Stripe interface. There is no sensitive cardholder data stored on or routed through our servers.
When you post Providers Reviews all other site users can see your name, your company, your title unless you choose to post Reviews anonymously, provided your VO Profile is completed, then we only display your company type and your job function. No personally identifiable information displays to other users if you opt to post Reviews anonymously. Posting anonymous Review does require users complete their VO Profile so that we can verify the review belongs to a real person if the review is contested for authenticity. See more on this in our Terms.
When you request to speak with a Provider Advisor or you request information from a Provider in our directory or you request to speak with a Provider we collect your name, your title, your company name, your e-mail and your telephone number.
When you register for one of our events or you request OnDemand materials or slide decks, or white papers or other sponsored content, we collect your name, your company name, your telephone number, your e-mail address.
We may also collect Personal Information, such as demographic information, from you via the VentureOutsource Offerings or at other points in the VentureOutsource web sites (“Sites”) that state that Personal Information is being collected.
Personal Information Collected Via Technology
As you use the VentureOutsource Offerings, certain information may also be collected passively, including your Internet protocol (IP) address and the browser that you use to visit the Sites. We may use Cookies to improve your experience and a “reverse IP lookup” to determine the company associated with your IP address.
Since the foregoing information may be collected when you are signed into the VentureOutsource Offerings or after you click on a link contained in an email sent by us, this information may be associated by us with Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Cookies
VentureOutsource stores small text files called “Cookies” on your computer to make your experience on our website better. We use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). In order to provide the VentureOutsource Offerings and other services, we use a variety of Cookies that perform different functions. We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary Cookies are Cookies which are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Sites. Without these Cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies collect anonymized information about how you use the Sites. For example, these Cookies may tell us which pages you go to most often and if you receive error messages from our web pages. We use this information to improve how our Sites work. By using our Sites, you agree we can place these cookies on your device.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies allow our website to remember the choices you make, such as your login information (if any), preferred language or region you are in, and can provide enhanced, more personal features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you made to text size, fonts and other parts of Sites pages you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these Cookies collect may be anonymized, and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. By using our Sites, you agree we can place these Cookies on your device.
Advertising Cookies
These Cookies collect information to deliver you more relevant advertising. They may be placed by us, by third parties acting on our behalf, or by advertising networks with our permission. They remember other websites you have visited, and advertising networks may share this information with others including advertisers. By using our Sites, you agree we can place these Cookies on your device.
While you will still be able to use the VentureOutsource Offerings if you disable Cookies in your browser, certain parts of the VentureOutsource Offerings may not function as effectively. You can find more information on Cookies and how they may affect you by visiting: www.youronlinechoices.com.
Personal Information From Other Sources
We may receive Personal Information about you from outside the Sites, such as from third parties that provide services for us that are related to the VentureOutsource Offerings. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the VentureOutsource Offerings.
Use Of Information We Collect
In general, information (including Personal Information) you submit to us, or to third parties that support us in collecting information, is used by us to provide you and others with the VentureOutsource Offerings, to respond to requests that you make, to improve our VentureOutsource Offerings, and to better tailor the features, performance and support of the VentureOutsource Offerings.
We may also use your Personal Information to provide you with notifications related to your use of the VentureOutsource Offerings, such as electronic newsletters or promotional e-mails.
We may create Anonymous Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifiable to you. We may also create Anonymous Information on how you use the VentureOutsource Offerings. We may use this Anonymous Information for internal purposes, such as analyzing usage patterns so that we may enhance the VentureOutsource Offerings, and we also reserve the right to use and disclose any Anonymous Information at our discretion.
Use of Personal Data Based on the Law
In the following cases, VentureOutsource is permitted to process your Personal Information under the applicable data protection law.
Providing the requested goods or services. If you order goods or services from VentureOutsource, we will use the Personal Information that you enter into the order or registration form (usually (a subset of) your name, (email) address, telephone number, company name and address, your job title and role and, if payment is to be made to VentureOutsource, credit card number or bank details) only to process your order or to provide the requested goods or service. This may include taking the necessary steps prior to entering into the contract, responding to your related inquiries, and providing you with shipping and billing information, and to process or provide customer feedback and support. This may also include conversation data that you may trigger via the chat functionalities on our Sites, contact forms, emails, or telephone. In this Privacy Policy, “goods and services” includes (access to) VentureOutsource Offerings, contests, sweepstakes, other content, non-marketing related newsletters, white papers, tutorials, trainings and events.
If you participate in tutorials or trainings provided by VentureOutsource, we may also track your learning progress in order to make this information available to you. Furthermore, we communicate on a regular basis by email with users who subscribe to our services, and we may also communicate by phone to resolve customer complaints or investigate suspicious transactions. We may use your email address to confirm your opening of an account, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, users cannot opt out of these communications, which are not marketing-related but merely required for the relevant business relationship. With regard to marketing-related types of communication (i.e. emails and phone calls), VentureOutsource will (i) where legally required only provide you with such information after you have opted in and (ii) provide you the opportunity to opt out if you do not want to receive further marketing-related types of communication from us.
VentureOutsource and its products, technologies, and services are subject to the export laws of various countries including, without limitation, those of the European Union and its member states, and of the United States of America. You acknowledge that, pursuant to the applicable export laws, trade sanctions, and embargoes issued by these countries, VentureOutsource is required to take measures to prevent entities, organizations, and parties listed on government-issued sanctioned-party lists from accessing certain products, technologies, and services through VentureOutsource Sites or other delivery channels controlled by VentureOutsource. This may include (i) automated checks of any user registration data as set out herein and other information a user provides about his or her identity against applicable sanctioned-party lists; (ii) regular repetition of such checks whenever a sanctioned-party list is updated or when a user updates his or her information; (iii) blocking of access to VentureOutsource’s services and systems in case of a potential match; and (iv) contacting a user to confirm his or her identity in case of a potential match.
Furthermore, you acknowledge that any information required to track your choices regarding the processing or use of your Personal Information or receipt of marketing materials (that is to say, depending on the country in which the relevant VentureOutsource company operates, whether you have expressly consented to or opted out of receiving marketing materials) may be stored and exchanged between members of VentureOutsource as required to ensure compliance.
Uses of My Personal Information Based On My Consent
In the following cases VentureOutsource will only use your Personal Information as further detailed below after you have granted your prior consent into the relevant processing operations.
VentureOutsource offers you the option to use its Offerings including events, request materials, request information about Providers, request to speak with Providers that require you to register and create a user VO Profile or fill in a form. User profiles provide the option to display personal information about you to other users, including but not limited to your name, your location, professional and interests, your photo, skills, and basic information about your company.
These profiles may relate to a single Offering of VentureOutsource or may also allow you to access other Offerings of VentureOutsource or of other entities of VentureOutsource, or both (irrespective of any consent granted under the section “Forwarding Your Personal Data To Other VentureOutsource Companies” below). It is, however, always your choice which of these additional Offerings you use and your Personal Information is only forwarded to them once you initially access them.
NOTE THAT WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT FOR VENTUREOUTSOURCE TO CREATE SUCH A PROFILE OR CONVEY YOUR INFORMATION TO SPONSORS OR PROVIDERS< VENTUREOUTSOURCE WILL NOT BE IN A POSITION TO OFFER SUCH SERVICES TO YOU WHERE YOUR CONSENT IS A STATUROY REQUIREMENT THAT VENTUREOUTSOURCE CAN PROVIDE THESE SERVICES TO YOU.
Within any Offerings, beyond the mere provision of access, your profile is used to personalize interaction with other users (for example, by way of messaging or follow functionality) and by VentureOutsource to foster the quality of communication and collaboration through such Offerings and for VentureOutsource to provide gamification elements (gamification is the process of taking something that already exists, such as a website, an enterprise application, or an online community, and integrating game mechanics into it to motivate participation, engagement, and loyalty). To the greatest extent supported by the relevant Offerings, you can use the functionality of the relevant Offerings to determine which information you want to share.
If you register for an event, seminar, or webinar of VentureOutsource, VentureOutsource may share basic participant information (your name, company, and email address) with other participants of the same event, seminar, or webinar for the purpose of communication and the exchange of ideas.
VentureOutsource may transfer your Personal Information to other entities owned by VentureOutsource. In such cases, these entities will then use the Personal Information for the same purposes and under the same conditions as outlined in this section.
You may at any time withdraw a consent granted. In case of withdrawal, VentureOutsource will not process Personal Information subject to this consent any longer unless legally required to do so. In case VentureOutsource is required to retain your Personal Information for legal reasons your Personal Information will be restricted from further processing and only retained for the term required by law. However, any withdrawal has no effect on past processing of Personal Information by VentureOutsource up to the point in time of your withdrawal. Furthermore, if your use of a VentureOutsource Offering requires your prior consent, VentureOutsource will not be (any longer) able to provide the relevant service, offer or event to you after your revocation.
U.S.-Specific Provisions
Where VentureOutsource is subject to U.S. privacy requirements, the following also applies:
Do Not Track. Your browser may allow you to set a “Do not track” preference. Unless otherwise stated, our Sites do not honor “Do not track” requests. However, you may elect not to accept Cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser. Please note that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use certain functions and features of our site.
Feedback
If you provide feedback about the VentureOutsource Offerings to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Please note that we may disclose certain of your Personal Information, such as your username, to other Users of certain VentureOutsource Offerings in order to identify you as a User of the VentureOutsource Offerings. In addition, certain information that you have provided on an optional basis in connection with registering with our VentureOutsource Offerings (your city, state, country, and website) may be made available on your VO Profile to other Users of all the VentureOutsource Offerings; please make sure that you only provide the information that you feel comfortable sharing with others in this way.
We may enter into agreements with companies that provide the VentureOutsource Offerings by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our website (“Third Party Companies”). A Third Party Company may want access to Personal Information that we collect. In the event we are collecting or will be sharing your information with a Third Party Company and as a results we may disclose your Personal Information to a Third Party Company; however, we will not disclose your Personal Information to Third Party Companies for the Third Party Companies’ own direct marketing purposes, unless you have “opted-in” by following the instructions we provide to allow such disclosure. If you have opted-in to receive e-mail communications or telephone contact from a Third Party Company and later wish to discontinue receipt of these e-mails or telephone contact, please contact the Third Party Company directly to update your preferences. The privacy policies of our Third Party Companies may apply to the use and disclosure of your Personal Information that we collect and disclose to such Third Party Companies. Because we do not control the privacy practices of our Third Party Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies.
We may provide your Personal Information to third party service providers and suppliers who work on behalf of or with us to provide you with some of the services and features of the VentureOutsource Offerings and to help us communicate with our users (including in connection with payments). However, these service providers and suppliers do not have any independent right to use this information except to help us provide the VentureOutsource Offerings.
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with any parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
In the event VentureOutsource goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of VentureOutsource or its assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You hereby consent to VentureOutsource sharing your Personal Information under the above circumstances.
We may (and you authorize us to) disclose information we have collected from and about you (including Personal Information) if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to enforce any agreement we may have entered into with you and to enforce the Privacy Policy; or (c) to protect and defend the rights or property of us, other Users, or third parties.
Choices Regarding Personal Information
We will include unsubscribe instructions in each newsletter or promotional communication you receive from us.
We may send you service-related announcements (such as, but not limited to, notice that we have changed the Service, the Terms of Service, or the Privacy Policy) when we believe it is necessary to do so. You may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature, but if you do not wish to receive these announcements, you have the option to terminate the Account you may have with us. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your Account information (and associated Content) from our live databases and all the information and data stored for such Account in the VentureOutsource Offerings. VentureOutsource will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your Account or related deletion of your information.
Requests for Quotes, Information and Services from Service Providers
As noted above, we may share Your Information with Service Providers when you use our Services to obtain or request a quote, services or information from one or more third parties (an “Inquiry”). The Service Providers we may share Your Information with may be determined subsequent to your Inquiry (e.g. after you talk to a provider advisor or by an automated matching algorithm). IF YOU SUBMIT AN INQUIRY, SERVICE PROVIDERS MAY CONTACT YOU DIRECTLY VIA MAIL, TELEPHONE, TEXT MESSAGE, FAX, EMAIL AND OTHER MEANS OF COMMUNICATION. IN ORDER TO ASSIST YOU IN FINDING ELECTRONICS SOLUTIONS, YOU MAY RECEIVE CALLS FROM OUR PROVIDER ADVISORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS AS A CONSEQUENCE OF SUBMITTING AN INQUIRY THROUGH OUR SERVICES, EVEN IF YOU ARE ON THE NATIONAL DO NOT CALL REGISTRY OR ANY OTHER DO NOT CALL REGISTRY. THE FCC MAY VIEW THESE CALLS AS TELEMARKETING CALLS.
If you are matched with Service Providers, you expressly consent to the Service Providers conducting any research necessary to provide you with information related to your Inquiry. Service Providers may need to share Your Information to conduct such research. If you do not want Service Providers to conduct necessary research to provide you with information for your Inquiry, then you should not submit an Inquiry.
Please note that if you submit an Inquiry through our Services and we share Your Information as described above in connection with your Inquiry, you will not have the opportunity to opt out of the disclosure of Your Information in connection with that Request.
Modifying And Deleting Your Personal Information
You may change any of your Personal Information in your Account by editing your profile within the VentureOutsource Offerings. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by us, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete Personal Information that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases but may remain in our archives.
Links To Other Web Sites
The VentureOutsource Offerings may contain links to other web sites that are not owned or controlled by VentureOutsource. The provision of such links is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such web sites or location or its contents. We have no control over, do not review and are not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on such other web sites. Please be aware that the terms of the Privacy Policy do not apply to any outside web sites.
Privacy Of Minors
We do not intend for our Sites or online services to be used by anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may have collected information about a child, please contact us at insight@VentureOutsource.com.
Security and Confidentiality
VentureOutsource is committed to safeguarding and securing the information we collect online. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your Account information. Please do not disclose your Account password to unauthorized people. However, no company, including VentureOutsource, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
As part of the Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy is subject to occasional amendment, in accordance with the terms of the Terms of Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us by sending us e-mail to insight@VentureOutsource.com.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
In the last twelve months, Venture Outsource may have collected, used, and shared, for business purposes, personal information about you as described in this privacy statement. Each category of data may be used by Venture Outsource or shared with third parties also as described in this Privacy Statement. Residents of California have the right to request access to and deletion of the information Venture Outsource holds about them. Such requests may be submitted by email to insight@ventureoutsource.comy or by mail to Venture Outsource, LLC, Privacy Legal Department, 15511 State Highway 71, Suite 110-440, Austin, TX 78738 USA. Venture Outsource will not sell your personal information without your consent.
Venture Outsource will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under CCPA. Specifically, we will not:
Deny access to our Solutions;
Charge a different rate for the use of our Solutions; or
Provide a different quality of service.
California Shine the Light
Residents of the State of California, under California Civil Code § 1798.83, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personal information by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.
Venture Outsource qualifies for the alternative option. We have a comprehensive privacy statement, and provide you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your personal information by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.
California residents may opt out of the sale of their personal information. California law broadly defines sale such that it may include your contact information that may be “sold” to our subsidiaries and affiliated businesses or the Activity Information shared with select third parties as described in the Information We Share section of our Privacy Notice. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. If you would like to opt out, you may do so as outlined on the following page: Do Not Sell My Info.
If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third-party disclosure choices or CCPA rights, you can also email us your request at insight@ventureoutsource.com.
Authorized Agents. You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney.
You might also like:
Sponsored by
EMS Factory Cost vs OEM Quote vs OEM Target Price
Read more »
https://www.ventureoutsource.com/privacy
OEM Sign Up. It's Free!
|
Log In
CONTRACT MANUFACTURING COST MODELS
VentureOutsource.com is #1 for electronic OEM decision makers seeking info on contract electronics solutions and management best practices. We foster and stimulate OEMs to better solve problems inside their organizations with knowledge for OEM professionals to further their careers and positions with original content, helpful tools and services, a community of OEM decision makers who understand the challenges facing your company today, and a comprehensive directory of electronic solutions providers.
General
About
Advertise
Fast Links
Manufacturing Cost Models
Estimating Manufacturing Labor Cost
EMS Manufacturing Quote Best Practices
OEM Community
EMS Manufacturer Company Listings
Site Map
Help
FAQs
Contact
Free e-Newsletter
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Consulting, Research & Briefings
The material on this site is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for legal, financial or professional advice. By using our Website, you agree to site Terms and Privacy & Security policies. © 2020 VentureOutsource.com All rights reserved.
Sign Up Log In
About VentureOutsource.com
VentureOutsource.com is the leading online destination helping electronics OEM decision makers make more informed decisions and reduce risk. We offer educational Webinars, thousands of original articles and helpful tools, a community of influencers who understand the challenges facing your company today, and a comprehensive directory of electronics provider services.
Copyright Venture Outsource, LLC. All Rights Reserved
The material on this site is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for legal, financial or professional advice. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our User Terms Agreement and by copyright law. By using our Website you agree to site Terms and Privacy policies. For questions please contact VentureOutsource.com at 1-888-860-1193 or visit www.ventureoutsource.com