http://www.afandpa.org/privacy-policy
Contact Us
About
Officers and Board MembersMembership DirectoryMembership TypesMission and VisionAnnual ReportAF&PA Staff
Office of the PresidentAdministrationCommunicationsFinance & TechnologyForestry & WoodGovernment and Industry AffairsLegalPublic PolicyStatistics
Employment OpportunitiesStatisticsMember Login Strategic Alliances
Our Industry
History of AF&PA and Our IndustryEmployee Relations ProgramFun FactsRecovery Boiler ProgramPaper Recycling
Advocacy
AF&PA PACEconomic ImpactGrow the VoteGrow The Vote: 2020 Election Sign-Up for Grassroots AlertsPaper and Packaging Caucus
IssuesSustainability
Sustainable ForestsSustainability Award Winners
2019 Award Winners2018 Award Winners2017 Award Winners2016 Award Winners2015 Award Winners2014 Award Winners2013 Award Winners2012 Award Winners
Dynamic Fiber Flows Model
Our Products
Paper
Printing and Writing PaperPaper Products Glossary
Paper-Based Packaging
ContainerboardPaperboardPaper Bags & Shipping Sacks
PulpTissue
Member Company ProfilesCareer Opportunities
Wood Products
Media
FeaturesNewsStatisticsBlogResources
COVID-19
Workplace SafetyStudies, Guidance on Coronavirus Residency on Surfaces and Product SafetyEconomic Relief Programs General Information on Coronavirus Federal ResourcesState Resources
PaperRecycles
Introduction
American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) serves to advance a sustainable U.S. pulp, paper, packaging, tissue and wood products manufacturing industry through fact-based public policy and marketplace advocacy. AF&PA member companies make products essential for everyday life from renewable and recyclable resources and are committed to continuous improvement through the industry’s sustainability initiative - Better Practices, Better Planet 2020. The forest products industry accounts for approximately 4 percent of the total U.S. manufacturing GDP, manufactures over $200 billion in products annually, and employs approximately 900,000 men and women. The industry meets a payroll of approximately $50 billion annually and is among the top 10 manufacturing sector employers in 45 states. Visit AF&PA online at afandpa.org or follow us on Twitter @ForestandPaper.
Permission to use material from this website / reprints / copyright
AF&PA retains copyright on the content of this site, unless otherwise noted.
Reprint or reuse of information from this site
To request permission to use information from this website, send an email describing intended use, duration and contact information to comms@afandpa.org.
Translations and adaptations
Translations or adaptations of AF&PA content must be reviewed and approved by AF&PA’s Executive Director, Communications. Please send an email describing intended use, duration and contact information to Chuck_fuqua@afandpa.org.
Using content from Association press releases
Reprint of AF&PA content or references to AF&PA contact information in an organization's press release must be approved by the Press Secretary of the Association. Please send queries to comms@afandpa.org.
Logos
Using any of the AF&PA registered trademarks (logos) without the Association's prior consent is strictly prohibited. Please send written requests describing intended use, duration and contact information to comms@afandpa.org.
Photographs and graphics
The photographs and graphics on our website are not available for reproduction by third parties. Similar stock images may be available for a fee from stock image sources.
Linking requirements
When linking to the AF&PA website, web managers should be aware that the AF&PA trademarks are not available for posting or replication on third party websites without a written agreement with the Association. As part of the permission agreement for web linking, third parties must post the following with any trademark. URL or content used from an Association website:
Linking Disclaimer: AF&PA is not responsible for information or advice provided by others, including information on websites that link to Association sites and on third party sites to which the Association links. Please direct any questions to info@afandpa.org.
SECURITY AND PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use and disclosure of information about you when you visit our website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites, applications, services or products that do not display or link to this policy or that have their own privacy policy. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of the information described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
We and third-party providers collect several types of information from and about users of the AF&PA website. Information may include:
Your IP address;
Your device functionality (browser, operating system, hardware, network);
The URL that referred you to us;
The areas within our website you visit and your activities there;
Your device location, time stamp and possibly user demographic data.
In addition, we may collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when you submit an event registration, request or inquiry or otherwise correspond with us, or link your social media account (e.g., Facebook) to our website. We may also collect your aggregate web server traffic information such as the number of visitors to our website, length of stay and sources of traffic in order to improve our website and our service to you, along with other usage data detailed below.
How We Use Personal Information?
We use the information obtained to monitor website traffic from outside our office and track what visitors like and dislike about the website. Generally, we use the information we collect about you to:
Provide you with information or services you have requested (for instance, electronic newsletters)
To improve our website and its content based on your needs, to customize your experience and to serve you content that is relevant to you
For internal business purposes
For the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information
Please see the Your Choice/Cookies and Web Beacons section below to learn the choices you have related to these communications.
We will not use your information for any purpose incompatible with those outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information Do We Disclose?
We only share Personal Information with third parties who are bound by terms at least as restrictive as this Privacy Policy and only in the following ways:
Service Providers – We may share Personal Information with third-party service providers who perform a variety of functions to enable us to provide our services, such as, conducting advertising on our behalf, and protecting against fraud. These service providers only have access to the Personal Information necessary to perform their functions, only act on our behalf and under our instructions, and may not use your Personal Information for purposes other than to perform such functions.
Legal – We may disclose Personal Information to courts, law enforcement agencies and other government bodies where we believe that doing so would be in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
Business Transfers – In the event of a reorganization, merger or sale, we may transfer any and all Personal Information we collect to the relevant third party involved in the reorganization, merger or sale, and will seek the consent of individuals if and as required under applicable privacy laws.
Other Third Parties –We may share with third parties statistical and aggregated data based on use of the website but in these cases such data cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We endeavor to incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Service, and provide us with your information, at your own risk.
Your Choice/Cookies and Web Beacons
We respect your privacy and recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we or our partners contact you. Accordingly, please consider the following. A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your web browser and stored on your hard drive, and a web beacon is an object embedded on a webpage that allows certain parties to check whether content associated with the web beacon has been accessed. The use of cookies and web beacons is a standard practice among websites to collect information about visitors' activities while using the website. We use cookies and web beacons on our website to enable the site to work properly, collect aggregate data about usage of our websites and manage online advertising. The information generated by the cookies and web beacons we use when you visit our website is anonymized and does not contain any Personal Information that can be associated with an identifiable individual. We also allow third parties to place cookies and web beacons on our website to provide you with targeted advertising on unaffiliated websites based on your visit to our website and other unaffiliated websites you may visit.
To manage the cookies that are placed on your computer, you may configure your web browser to refuse, accept or delete cookies from our website at any time. The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Turning off your browser's cookies will also limit the information collected by web beacons. Please note that if cookies are disabled or removed, not all features of our website will operate as intended.
To learn more about Google Analytics, the use of cookies, web beacons, and ways in which we or our service providers contact you, please visit here. To learn more about targeted advertising and the use of cookies and web beacons, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance or the Network Advertising Initiative. If you opt out of such cookies and web beacons, you still may continue to receive advertisements; they just will not be tailored to your interest. Lastly, at this time our website, like most, is not configured to respond to browsers' "Do Not Track" signals because no "Do Not Track" standard has been adopted.
External Links
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, processing and use of Personal Information by companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage ("External Parties"). Although our website may link to the websites and services of External Parties, such as those of our business partners and social media companies, we do not exercise control over the activities of External Parties. For more information about what Personal Information External Parties collect and how they use such Personal Information, please refer to their privacy policies.
Access, Correction and Other Rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may access, correct, update, delete, block or limit our use of your Personal Information by contacting us by the means noted below and clearly describe your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in any case under the timeframes set forth by applicable law. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or for other purposes as required or authorized by law.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@afandpa.org  or AF&PA 1101 K Street, NW, Suite 700, Washington, DC 20005.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be preceded by a notice posted on our website. If you disagree with our Privacy Policy changes, please discontinue the use of our website.
This Privacy Policy is effective October 11, 2017.
About
|
Our Industry
|
Issues
|
Sustainability
|
Media
|
Contact Us
|
Our Products
|
PaperRecycles
Copyright American Forest & Paper Association 2018. All Rights Reserved.
Site Designed by DC Web Designers, a Washington DC Web Design Company