http://www.balcousa.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
800-767-0082
Request a Quote
HomePrivacy Statement
Rev.1 05-31-2018
This is the website of Balco Corp., a division of Capital Southwest, Inc.
Our address is:
2626 S. Sheridan
PO Box 17249
Wichita, Kansas 67217
1-800-767-0082
We can be reached via email at marketing@balcousa.com.
This policy applies to your use of balcousa.com. It does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites to which our web site may be linked. Additionally, we cannot control or be responsible for the content of any sites which may be linked to ours.
We have created this Privacy Policy statement to inform website users what information may be collected from their use of these sites and how the information may be used. Please carefully review the terms of this Privacy Policy prior to using these sites. By using these sites, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy and agree to accept and be bound by its terms. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use these sites.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Collection and Use
If you provide us with your e-mail address or other personal information, we will retain and use that information solely for the purpose of sending you relevant information, such as transactional information, new product announcements, company announcements, or other pertinent promotional materials or information. If you do not wish to receive such information, please notify us by e-mail or in writing at the above address. Provide your exact name, e-mail address, company name and complete address. We will use reasonable efforts to remove your name from our list within 10 days.
If our currently anticipated customer information practices change, we will post the policy changes on our website to notify you and provide an opportunity for you to opt-out of the new uses. Visitors may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing or writing us at the above addresses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should review our web site Privacy Policy periodically.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not, without your consent, disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party. When necessary we may use your personal information to ensure compliance with company policies and applicable law. Rectorseal reserves the right to disclose list member information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Rectorseal´s rights or property, other visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Rectorseal also reserves the right to disclose visitor or list member information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
AGGREGATE INFORMATION
From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the website, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the site, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. Rectorseal may also collect and report aggregate statistical information on the open rates and response rates generated by email campaigns we send. We collect this information through the use of technologies such as “IP addresses”, which are discussed in greater detail below. We collect this information to enhance the website experience and provide information that is valued by our visitors and customers. Please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you, or any other visitors to the site.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you use the web. Web servers, the computers that “serve” web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. Rectorseal collects IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information and to track the use of the site. When visitor’s request pages from the site or click on a link in an email sent by Rectorseal, our servers log the visitor’s IP address. We reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when it will enhance the users’ experience or if we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the site’s policies or to protect Rectorseal, the site, its visitors, or others.
Cookies
We currently use cookie technology consistent with industry standards. We do not disclose or sell any information obtained through the use of these cookies to other companies. We reserve the right to use cookies on certain pages for the sole use of tracking website/page hits, performance, and to recognize returning users. Any information obtained through the use of cookies is intended to make the user’s web experience easier. We also use this information for site performance analysis. Please check this privacy policy periodically for any changes regarding this matter.
SECURITY
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving sensitive data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data repository can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Rectorseal strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage of the site for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made, that this Privacy Policy has been updated, and by changing the “Last Modified” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
QUESTIONS
Any questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy or any concerns regarding Company adherence to this policy should be directed to marketing@balcousa.com.
Feedback