http://www.hearttechnology.com/privacy.html
Forum
Physicians Discount Program
Vitamin C Health News
Tower News
Home
Products
Online Store
The Pauling Therapy
Linus Pauling
Testimonials
Policies
Contact
Tower Formulas
Formula Comparison
Technical Benefits
Books & Videos
Autoship Program
Shop All Products
QUICK ORDER: Heart Technology
Ascorsine-9
CardioAde
Anti-Aging Tech
Pauling Therapy Handbook
A "Cure" for Heart Disease?
Does it Work for Everyone?
F.A.Q.
Technical Benefits
Books & Videos
In the Media
Scientific Achievements
Awards
Centenary Exhibit
Papers
Research Notebooks
Chemistry
Peace
Hemoglobin
DNA
Coronary Artery Disease
High Blood Pressure
High Cholesterol
Carotid Artery Disease & Stroke
Congestive Heart Failure
Money Back Guarantee
International Orders
Shipping & Returns
Privacy & Security
Contact Us
About Us
Change Autoship
Stop Autoship
Update Credit Card or Account Info
Site Map
Information Collected and How it is UsedDuring the order process you are asked for shipping information including name, address, telephone number, e-mail, and choice of payment method.  This information is collected in order to process your purchase and for shipping purposes.
TOWER LABORATORIESPRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY Disclaimer:  The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not evaluated any statements on this Website.  Tower Laboratories Corporation does not make health claims for its products.  Tower Laboratories products are not intended to diagnose, treat or cure any disease.  Tower is not responsible for independent third parties who may otherwise represent the efficacy of its products.  These individuals are not Tower's agents and do not have permission to do so.  Unsatisfactory products sold in the USA may be returned for a full refund within 60 days of the original ship date.
Home |  Products |  Online Store |  The Pauling Therapy |  Linus Pauling |  Testimonials |  Policies  |  ContactForum |  Physicians Discount Program |  Vitamin C Health News |  Tower NewsPoliciesAt Tower Laboratories you are guaranteed the highest level of security and privacy. SecurityWhen you submit personal information on our Website we protect your information both online and offline.  When you submit sensitive information such as a credit card number, that information is encrypted and protected.  Any credit card information you provide is fully protected. At Tower Laboratories we guarantee your security.  All transactions are protected by means of the most advanced of encryption currently available. The credit card information you provide is encrypted on your computer, sent through the Internet in a jumbled code, and decoded at Tower Laboratories.com's secure server. The information you provide cannot be interpreted during transit.Disclosure to Third PartiesTower uses third party service providers such as credit card processors and delivery companies (such as the United States Postal Service) to assist us in fulfilling your order.  These companies use your information to authorize payment and to deliver your order to you.  Otherwise, we do not sell, rent, share, or transfer your personal information to third parties.  The information you give to us is confidential and is never sold or given to any individual, company or organization.Made in the U.S.A.   •   Copyright © 2008   •   All Rights Reserved.Tower Laboratories Corporation   •   5575 Simmons Street, Ste 1, #253   •   North Las Vegas, NV  89031   •(702) 876-5805
702-876-5805