https://www.aon.com.au/australia/legal/aon-legal-notices.jsp
ABConnect
Search for:
Australia
Home
Products & Services
By Specialty
Aon Global Risk Consulting
Analytical ServicesBusiness Continuity ManagementCaptive and Insurance ManagementEnterprise Risk ManagementFraud Risk ServicesInsurable Risk ProfilingRisk AccountingRisk Control and EngineeringValuation Services AonLine
Claims Consulting
Human Resources
Actuarial ServicesEmployee BenefitsEmployee Wellbeing ProgramsInsured BenefitsMental HealthOccupational Health and SafetyRemuneration and IncentivesSafetySuperannuation and RetirementTalent AssessmentTotal RewardsWorkers' Compensation
Reinsurance
Capital MarketsFacultative ReinsuranceReinsurance ServicesTreaty ReinsuranceWorkers' Compensation Risk Solutions
Builders InsuranceCrisis ManagementCyber RiskDirectors and OfficersEnterprise Risk ManagementEnvironmental RiskFinancial Services InsuranceHealthcare InstitutionsHealthcare ProfessionalsJapan Insurance ServicesMergers and AcquisitionsNorth Asia Insurance ServicesPrivate ClientProfessional Indemnity InsuranceProperty Risk ManagementSevere WeatherTrade CreditWHS Liability Insurance
By Solution
Actuarial Services
AonLine
Builders Insurance
Capital Markets
Claims Consulting
Construction Works
Crisis Management
Cyber Risk
Directors and Officers
Enterprise Risk Management
Environmental Risk
Facultative Reinsurance
Financial Services Insurance
Health and Benefits
Healthcare Institutions
Healthcare Professionals
Home Warranty
Japan Insurance Services
Mergers and Aquisitions
North Asia Insurance Services
People Risk Solutions
Personal Insurance
Private Client
Professional Indemnity Insurance
Property Risk Management
Reinsurance Services
Remuneration and Incentives
Risk Maturity Index
Talent Assessment
Trade Credit
Trades Insurance
Treaty Reinsurance
Valuation Services
WHS Liability Insurance
Workers' Compensation
Workers' Compensation Reinsurance
By Industry
Aged Care
Agribusiness
Aviation
Builder
Clubs and Pubs
Construction
Consultants
Education
Entertainment & Performers
Equine
Events and Conferences
Financial Institutions
Fine Art
Healthcare Institutions
Healthcare Professionals
Hospitality
Local Government
Manufacturing
Mining
Natural Resources
Not-for-Profit
Real Estate
Renewable Energy
Retail
Security
Small Business
Storage
Trades
Transport and Logistics
The One Brief is Aon's weekly guide to the most important issues affecting business, the economy and people's lives in the world today.
Read The One Brief
About Aon
About Aon
Careers
Company Overview
Company Vision
Contact Us
Investor Contacts
Media
Our Community
Our Environment
Our People
Partnerships
Curtis McGrathInvictus Games Sydney 2018Rugby Australia
The One Brief is Aon's weekly guide to the most important issues affecting business, the economy and people's lives in the world today.
Read The One Brief
Contact Us
Choose Country/Office
Aon Legal Notices
Copyright
The content contained in this Website, including but not limited to all design, text, sound recordings, and images, is owned, except as otherwise expressly stated, by Aon plc or one of its subsidiaries ("Aon"). Except as otherwise expressly stated herein or to the extent permitted by law, the content may not be copied, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, licensed, altered, framed, stored for subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without Aon’s prior written consent. Users of this site may be permitted to download certain material posted on this site (e.g. white papers). When using downloadable materials, all copyright, trade mark, and other proprietary notices must be kept intact and remain in effect.
Trademark
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos (“Marks”) associated with this Website are owned by Aon, or third parties who have authorized their use.
Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Mark displayed on the Website without the written permission of Aon or such third party that may own the Mark. Misuse of any Marks, or any other content, displayed on this website is prohibited.
Content
Aon makes no representations about the suitability of the content of this site for any purpose. All content is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind.
AON HAS NOT MADE AND DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE; AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED BY AON. AON WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANYONE WITH RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGES, LOSS OR CLAIM WHATSOEVER, NO MATTER HOW OCCASIONED, IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AON BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ANY ACTION INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTIONS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, COPYING OR DISPLAY OF THE CONTENT.
While Aon believes the content to be accurate, complete and current, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors and Aon does not warrant that the information is accurate or complete or current. It is your responsibility to verify any information before relying on it. At any time and from time to time Aon may make changes in the products and/or services described herein, however, Aon makes no commitment to update the information and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in it.
Links to Other Sites
Some of the sites listed as links herein are not under the control of Aon. Accordingly, Aon makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. The fact that Aon has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by Aon with respect to such site, its owners or its providers. Aon is providing these links only as a convenience to you. Aon has not tested any information, software or products found on these sites and therefore cannot make any representations whatsoever with respect thereto. There are risks in using any information, software or products found on the Internet, and Aon cautions you to make sure that you completely understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon or purchasing anything via the Internet.
Recommendation Disclosure
Aon plc, including all of its subsidiaries and affiliates, maintains relationships with clients and business partners around the world. When Aon recommends or mentions a product or service provider, it is possible that the product or service is being offered by one of Aon's clients or business partners.
Aon maintains a strict Code of Business Conduct covering many topics, including antitrust and competition law, conflicts of interest, anti-bribery, privacy, financial reporting, compliance with trade restrictions, protection of confidential information, and compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. Aon also files necessary disclosures with all governmental regulators.
If you have any questions about an Aon recommendation or mention of another business entity (or about an entity with whom Aon conducts business), please follow-up with your Aon contact person. Aon is committed to serving our clients in a transparent manner.
Fee/Commission Disclosure
Subsidiaries of Aon plc that provide retail, wholesale and reinsurance brokerage, risk management, underwriting management, captive management and benefits consulting may receive remuneration as commissions or fees paid by an insurer; fees paid by a client in lieu of, or in addition to, commissions; and investment income on premiums, claim payments and return premiums temporarily held as fiduciary funds. In certain circumstances, one or more of these affiliates may also receive compensation in the following forms: commissions or fees paid to reinsurance brokerage or captive management companies for placement or management of reinsurance of a client’s risk; commissions or fees paid to a wholesale broker to which a risk has been referred for placement; commissions or fees paid for premium financing; and compensation paid by underwriters for performance of technical or other services.
If you have any questions regarding the nature or amount of the compensation paid to any Aon company on your account, we encourage you to contact the head of the Aon office that services your account.
Export Controls
Some software from this site may be subject to export controls imposed by the United States of America and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported: (a) into (or to a national resident of) any country to which the U. S. has placed an embargo; (b) to everyone on the U. S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals list; or (c) the U. S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. If you download or use the software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, or under the control of, or a national of any such country or on such list.
Client Data, Collection and Use
Aon gathers data containing information about its clients and their insurance placements, including, but not limited to, names, industry codes, policy types, and policy expiration dates, as well as information about the insurance companies that provide coverage to its clients or compete for its clients’ insurance placements. This information is maintained in one or more databases.
Aon may use or disclose information about its clients, if required to do so by law, Aon policy, pursuant to legal process or in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. In addition to being used for the benefit of Aon’s clients, these databases also may be accessed by other Aon affiliates for other purposes, including providing consulting, and other services to insurance companies for which Aon or its affiliates may earn compensation.
Due to the global nature of services provided by Aon, the personal information Client may provide may be transmitted, used, stored and otherwise processed outside the country where Client submitted that information.
For further information regarding Aon's data privacy practices, please see Aon's Privacy Statement.
General Advice Warning
Any information provided on this site is general in nature and does not take into account your particular objectives, financial situation and needs. Before making a decision about any particular financial product, you should carefully consider all information provided to you, including the policy wording and any applicable product disclosure statement before making any decision to purchase.
Record Retention
As Company Policy we will archive our workpapers and correspondence regarding your matters for seven (7) years unless otherwise required by law. After that date, the file may then be destroyed without further reference to you. You should keep copies of all documentation relevant to your matter for your own record keeping purposes.
If you have any questions about our file retention policy, please contact your Client Relationship Manager.
Whistleblowing
Aon encourages genuine concerns to be raised in good faith to ensure our Aon businesses continue to act with honesty and integrity.
If you suspect misconduct/wrongdoing or a contravention of law/s on behalf of Aon, Aon encourages you to review the Aon Australia Whistleblowing Policy to further help you understand whether you can make a disclosure, how you can make a disclosure and what protections and treatment may be available to you.
Find office locations
-- Select a Location --
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Barbados
Belgium
Bermuda
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Estonia
Fiji
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Guam
Guernsey
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Korea
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Mozambique
New Zealand
Northern Ireland
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Papua New Guinea
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
The Netherlands
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
-- Select a City --
Submit
Global Home
|
Careers
|
Financial Services Guide
|
Terms of Business
|
Investor Relations
|
Newsroom
|
Legal
|
© 2020 Aon plc
Privacy | Cookie Notice