http://www.addmaster.co.uk/biomaster/industries/antimicrobial-technology-for-healthcare/covid-19-can-biomaster-help
Toggle navigation
+ Consumer Site
+ Customer Area
+ Products
Biomaster
antimicrobial technology
Scentmaster
fragrance technology
Verimaster
security technology
Masterpiece
bespoke additives
+ About Us
About Us
Vacancies
Why Addmaster?
+ News
+ Blog
+ Distributors
+ Partners
+ Customer Area
+ Contact Us
Contact Us
Arabic
Chinese
Spanish
French
Italian
Dutch
Portuguese
Read More
Biomaster is primarily effective against bacteria but is also highly effective against the growth and proliferation of enveloped viruses on porous surfaces such as textiles and paper.
Virucidal product protection will complement current hygiene guidance.
Biomaster is primarily effective against bacteria but is also highly effective against the growth and proliferation of enveloped viruses on porous surfaces such as textiles and paper.
Virucidal product protection will complement current hygiene guidance.
Biomaster is primarily effective against bacteria but is also highly effective against the growth and proliferation of enveloped viruses on porous surfaces such as textiles and paper.
Virucidal product protection will complement current hygiene guidance.
Read More
Toggle navigation
BIOMASTER MENU
INDUSTRIES:
+ Healthcare
+ Food & Catering
+ Packaging
+ Water & Piping
+ More Industries....
EXPLORE:
+ Why Biomaster?
+ How Biomaster Works
+ Biomaster Technology
+ Biomaster Protected
+ Downloads
SOLUTIONS:
+ Plastics
+ Surfaces
+ Paints & Coatings
+ Textiles
+ More Solutions....
CONTACT:
+44 (0)1785 225656
Info@addmaster.co.uk
Is Biomaster antimicrobial technology virucidal?
Biomaster antimicrobial technology is primarily effective against bacteria, but it is also highly effective against the growth and proliferation of enveloped viruses on porous surfaces such as textiles and paper.*
SARS-CoV-2 is a member of the Coronaviridae family of viruses, which includes Feline Coronavirus. They cause a broad spectrum of animal and human disease.
This group of viruses are enveloped and rely on a protective lipid coating. They are also the easiest types of virus to deactivate.
Unlike many gastrointestinal viruses such as Norovirus which have a tough protein shell called a capsid enveloped virus, viruses with this lipid coating are relatively vulnerable and easier to destroy.
Biomaster and viruses
When microbes land on an untreated fabric or surface they multiply. When they land on the surface of a Biomaster protected fabric or paper, the silver ions trapped in the surface prevent microbial growth. Biomaster antimicrobial technology has been proven effective at reducing the viability of Norovirus and Feline Coronavirus on porous surfaces including treated fabrics and papers.
In independent laboratory tests, analysis identified that Biomaster fabric spray is effective at reducing the  viability of Norovirus applied to textiles. The effects of the spray on the virus was measured after 5 minutes, 30 minutes and one hour. The outcome was a virucidal effect on the test virus by 93% in half an hour, and 99% within an hour.
Similar trials were conducted to test the efficacy of Biomaster on the surrogate Feline Coronavirus on textiles. The results showed a reduction of up 95% after 2 hours.
The evidence proves the efficacy of Biomaster fabric spray in the reduction of microbial load in fabrics, both bacterial and viral, reducing risk to all types of fabrics.
* Independently proven effective against Norovirus and Feline Coronovirus. Full test results available on request.
Could Biomaster technology help against SARS-CoV-2?
Biomaster has yet to be tested against SARS-CoV2 on product surfaces and currently there is no method available by which it can be tested.
Although we do not yet have any data the microbiology firmly suggests that if Biomaster is effective against Norovirus and Feline Coronavirus on porous surfaces, then the active agent is also likely to have an effect on the lipid coating and the essential components required for SARS-CoV-2 to function and invade a host.
Unlike alcohol-based gels, disinfectants and oxidisers, Biomaster antimicrobial technology is effective 24/7 for the lifetime of the treated article. Biomaster could therefore complement current hygiene guidance offering additional product protection.
Biomaster in Textiles
Biomaster can be added to any textile or fabric at any stage of production and it will significantly reduce the microbial load without affecting the characteristics of the material.
It can be incorporated during the manufacturing process or as a topical treatment.
We have also developed a surface spray and laundry wash designed to provide a cost-effective method of reducing cross infection, ideal for use in applications where control of hygiene is paramount, including hospitals, care homes, hotels, hospitality venues and catering establishments and should be used in conjunction with existing cleaning regimes.
Bourne Leisure, one of the largest providers of holidays at parks, resorts and hotels across the UK, tested the benefits of Biomaster fabric spray on soft furnishings and fabrics to help reduce the spread of harmful bacteria and viruses on seating in a high usage public area of Alvaston Hall, Nantwich. An independent analysis of treated fabric samples identified that the fabric spray was highly effective at reducing the viability of Norovirus.*
Biomaster Hygiene Control Laundry Wash also should be of particular interest to specialists in the rental, laundering, maintenance and delivery of workwear for product protection for catering garments and uniforms.
It can be added to the final rinse with optimal efficacy without affecting the characteristics of the material to reduce the microbial load, both bacterial and viral.
Biomaster in Paper and Board
Paper is inherently difficult to clean, which makes it a perfect breeding ground for pathogens and a potential source of cross-contamination.
Anything from patient files and folders to food packaging and wallcoverings are possible transmission points for harmful microbes.
Biomaster paper grade additive can be applied either during manufacture or in post treatment to provide effective, lasting antimicrobial protection, reducing the build-up of microbes on the surface during storage. The  efficacy of Biomaster technology on enveloped viuses was independently tested on samples of treated wallpaper and proved a significant reduction in the viral load.*
* Full test details available on request
For more information about Biomaster Hygiene Control products visit TheHygieneDoctor.co.uk.
Thank you for contacting us
Biomaster efficacy against enveloped viruses
Subscribe to our Newsletter
To find out more about how we use your data please refer to our privacy policy.
Submit Form
Biomaster could complement current hygiene guidance offering additional product protection against enveloped viruses.
Latest News
+ Addmaster supports our business buddy, Katharine House Hospice
4 Dec 2020
This Christmas we are supporting our charity of choice St. Katharine House
…
View All News +
Latest Blog
+ Brexit….I think we are going to need a bigger boat
16 Nov 2020
Just when we think we are getting to grips with what Lockdown 2.0 is going
…
View All Blog Posts +
Thank You for signing up to the Addmaster Newsletter
Sign up to the Addmaster Newsletter
To find out more about how we use your data please refer to our privacy policy.
Sign Up
Linkedin
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Contact Us
Tel: +44 (0)1785 225656 | Email: info@addmaster.co.uk
Sitemap |
Regulatory Statement |
Privacy policy |
Legal |
FAQs |
Glossary
© 2020 Addmaster (UK) Limited | Darfin House | Priestly Court | Staffordshire Technology Park | Stafford
ST18 0AR
×Close
To download the file, please fill in the form below. If you are downloading a brochure and would like a hard copy, please contact us and we'll have one sent out to you.
×Close
Search Website
Search
Close
Addmaster use cookies on this site to improve performance, for analytics and for advertising. By browsing this site you are agreeing to this. For more information see our Privacy policy.