http://www.hopsteiner.com/data-privacy-statement/
PRIVACY POLICY
UPDATED: SEPTEMBER 11, 2020
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. THIS POLICY AND OUR COLLECTION, USE AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION IS AT ALL TIMES SUBJECT TO ALL OF OUR OTHER LEGAL, CONTRACTUAL, REGULATORY, RECORD RETENTION AND OTHER COMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS APPLICABLE TO OUR BUSINESS AND SHALL NOT ACT TO AMEND OR MODIFY ANY OF THOSE REQUIREMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS.
We encourage you to read this Policy, as well as our Terms and Conditions of Use for our Customer Portal which may be applicable to you if you elect to create an account and use that service.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites that may link to our website or be linked to on our website. We are not responsible for the actions or privacy practices of third-party websites and applications; please consult those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, references to “Hopsteiner”, “we,” “our,” and “us” mean our collective group of companies. Hopsteiner is presently comprised of several controlled and commonly controlled affiliates, which we refer to in this Policy collectively as “Hopsteiner” or the “Hopsteiner Group”. The Hopsteiner Group includes S. S. Steiner, Inc.; Simon H. Steiner, Hopfen, GmbH; Steiner Hops Ltd.; Zatec Hop Company; Steiner Hops (Zhuhai) Co. Ltd. and Hopsteiner España, S.A. Other operating and non-operating entities are included in the Hopsteiner Group, and we may create, acquire or divest affiliates and operations over time.
In this Privacy Policy, the terms “user” or “visitor” refer to someone who accesses, browses, views, or in any way uses our sites. The terms “you” and “your” refer to you, as a user of these sites. The term “your device” refers to any computer, tablet, smart phone or other device you are using to access our websites.
We reserve the right to make updates, changes and improvements to our Privacy Policy as needed. Any such update, change, or modification may take place without notice and will become effective on the indicated “UPDATED” date at the top of this statement. By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy as described below.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect Personal Information in a number of ways, depending on the features of our site that you use and, if you are a customer or potential customer of Hopsteiner or otherwise have business dealings with Hopsteiner.
Information You Give Us:  We receive and store personal data you enter on our website or give us in any other way, including your name, position/title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and any additional information you voluntarily submit to us via our website. If you communicate with us via e-mail, or otherwise complete purchase orders, surveys, or any other online forms, any information provided in such communication may be collected as personal data.
Information We Automatically Collect: We collect information about your use of our website, such as the pages you view and other interactions you have. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. Our website uses “cookies,” tagging and other tracking technologies to help enable us to enhance or personalize your online browsing experience. This information includes computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from our Website, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, language preferences and device identifiers. To view a list of cookies that this site uses, please visit this link.
In some cases, we may use third party data analytics services to assist us with data gathering and analysis. For example, we may gather data about the web pages you visit, how long you visit them, whether you disengage from a specific page and other metrics that allow us to improve our offerings. Third party analytics services are subject to contractual restrictions consistent with this Policy.
Information From Social Media: When you interact with us or our website on a social media platform, we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts.
Personal Information Received from Outside of the United States: If you access or use our website from locations outside the United States, you consent to all data transfers and usage rights specified in this Policy and you agree to be solely responsible for compliance with your local laws and regulations with respect to any personal information you may transfer to or from the United States. We note that the data protection and privacy laws in the United States may offer a different level of protection than in your country or region.
Your California Privacy Rights: If you are a California resident, California law permits you to request certain information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us and our related companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at privacy@hopsteiner.com or call our US toll free number: 800.339.8410
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We gather data about your use of our site to perform data analytics and to improve our Products, Service and other Business offerings, as well as detecting potential misuse or fraud.
We use your information to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on our website, including fulfilling your requests for information, analyzing and compiling trends and statistics, and communicating with you.
We also may use your information to:
· Provide requested content, products and services
· Communicate with you about account or transactions
· Send you information about features and enhancements on our webpage
· Optimize or improve our website
· Provide important recall and product safety information about products you may have purchased from us
· Communicate about changes to Hopsteiner’s policies
· Personalize content, including providing recommendations based on preferences
· Send newsletters, offers and promotions for our products, or special events by e-mail
· Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys
· Optimize or improve our products, services and promotions
· Perform statistical and marketing analyses
· Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
Your information is never shared or sold with other companies for the purposes of marketing third party products or services. We may, however, share your personal information with third parties as described below.
Third-Party Service Providers: We engage trusted third-party service providers to perform functions on our behalf such as: hosting, fulfillment, content management, billing, social media integration, and analytics. These third parties may have access to your personal information when needed to perform their functions. For example, we utilize third parties to process credit card payments. If we share information with these third parties that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, or phone number, we will require the third parties to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information, and they will be restricted from using, selling, or distributing such personally identifiable information in any way other than to provide the requested services to the website or as otherwise required or expressly permitted by law.
Sale, Assignment or Change of Control: We may change our corporate organization or ownership while operating this website. We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business or change in ownership control. Under such circumstances, we will request the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy with respect to previously collected information.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations: We may also disclose or use your personal information if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or our website, or (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the website or our users.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Hopsteiner uses data security procedures and practices to protect your personal information that we believe are reasonably appropriate given the level and nature of the risks associated with such information. These include a variety of managerial, technical, and physical measures to protect the integrity and security of your information. However, no system can be made completely secure from unauthorized access or hacker attack. The transmission and storage of personal information by Hopsteiner may not be entirely secure and third parties could compromise Hopsteiner’s systems even if Hopsteiner uses reasonable data security measures to protect them.
You can help protect the privacy of your own information by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized interception of your personal information. You are responsible for the security of
your information that you transmit to us or view, download, or otherwise access when using unencrypted, public or otherwise unsecured networks.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Different operating units within Hopsteiner may have specific data retention requirements which in some cases are imposed by law, rule or regulation based on their specific activity. Generally, we only retain personal information for so long as is necessary to carry out the purpose for which we collected it and for other purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
Unsubscribing to Certain User-Requested Content: Certain content that relies on Personal Information given to us, such as email Newsletters and alerts, allow you to unsubscribe or opt-out by clicking a link at the bottom of any email that you receive. Doing so should remove your email address from the mailing list.
Your Request to Delete Personal Information: We will honor any legal right that you have to access, modify or erase your personal information. If you would like to request access, modification, correction, or deletion of personal information that you have provided to us or that you believe we may have collected about you, please contact us at privacy@hopsteiner.com. In some cases, we will point you to relevant provisions of this Privacy Policy. In other cases, we will direct your communication to a Privacy Officer at Hopsteiner for an individualized response. Depending on the nature of your request, we may require that you verify your identity. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal information if we believe doing so would violate any law, legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
For questions about our Privacy Policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, or to update your personal information, please contact us at privacy@hopsteiner.com.
SEND US A MESSAGE
First Name*Last Name*Position / Title*Company / Brewery*Email*
Country*Telephone*State, Province or Region*MessageOpt-In Agreement
I agree to receive email communications from Hopsteiner.
INTERNATIONAL COMPLIANCE  /  PRIVACY INFO  /  SITEMAP
All images on site owned and protected by Hopsteiner®   |   site comments click here