https://www.cinesite.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Thanks for visiting the Cinesite website. At Cinesite, we are committed to protecting your privacy online. We comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) [pre GDPR enforcement] and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations) and take the handling and protection of your personal information seriously.
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under the GDPR, DPA & PECR are adhered to. Additionally, it will explain the use of cookies or software, the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on this website. Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we and this website interacts with you and your computer / device in order to serve it to you. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
The DPA & GDPR May 2018
We and this website complies to the DPA (Data Protection Act 1998) and already complies to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) which comes into effect from May 2018. We will update this policy accordingly after the completion of the UK’s exit from the European Union (i.e. post Brexit as required).
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users’ experience. As required by legislation, where applicable this website uses a cookie control system, allowing the user to give explicit permission or to deny the use of /saving of cookies on their computer / device.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions with and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server, to provide the users with a tailored experience.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computer’s hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website or use the cookie control system, if available upon their first visit.
Script Submissions and Unsolicited Materials
Please be advised that Cinesite VFX Ltd and Cinesite Inc., together with its parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities (collectively, “Cinesite”) does not accept, read, consider or review, any unsolicited literary, dramatic, musical or artistic works of any kind including, without limitation, ideas, concepts, stories, characters, screenplays, teleplays, synopses, treatments, artwork, drawings, designs, musical compositions, software programs, video or audio reels, or any similar works (collectively, “Unsolicited Materials”). Any Unsolicited Materials received by Cinesite are deemed non-confidential and Cinesite assumes no liability, obligation or responsibility of any nature whatsoever in respect thereof (and we assume no obligation to return any Unsolicited Materials to the sender). We ask that you not send us any Unsolicited Materials. The purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes where Cinesite’s existing audio-visual projects or other proprietary works might bear similarities to materials submitted to Cinesite.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available, users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With Us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named at the head of this Policy.
E-mail Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We may operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Users can subscribe through an online automated process where they have given their explicit permission. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in ‘The policy’ above. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages (or unsubscribe from all Mailchimp lists). The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
We do not use an EMS (email marketing service) at this time, if we do at any point then this information will be added to this policy.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of text / banner / image links to other websites.
Shortened URL’s; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL’s (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media and looks similar to this (example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo). Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Script Submissions & Unsolicited Materials
We do not accept, read, consider or review, any Unsolicited Materials – literary, dramatic, musical or artistic works of any kind including but not limited to ideas, concepts, stories, characters, screenplays, teleplays, synopses, treatments, artwork, drawings, designs, musical compositions, software programs, video or audio reels, or any similar works.
Any Unsolicited Materials received by Cinesite are deemed non-confidential and Cinesite assumes no liability, obligation or responsibility of any nature whatsoever in respect of them.  We ask that you not send us any Unsolicited Materials. The purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes where Cinesite’s existing audio-visual projects or other proprietary works might bear similarities to materials submitted to Cinesite.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms, users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social further information about some social media privacy and usage policies in the resources section below.
Resources & Further Information
Overview of the GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
The Guide to the PECR 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Cinesite VFX Ltd.
Registered Office: Medius House, 2 Sheraton Street, London, W1F 8BH.
Company registration # 08492749
ICO registration # ZA376739
Cinesite Inc.
Registered Office: 250 St Antoine West, Montreal QC, H2Y 0A3
Company registration # 1066714-5
Cinesite Vancouver Inc.
Registered Office: 708 Powell Street, Vancouver BC V6A 1H6
Company registration # 1206979
Twitter.@netflix surprised fans today with the first look at Fate: The Winx Saga, a live-action adaptation of the beloved… https://t.co/Hl07MlxKRe@Cinesite10.12.20C A R E E R S - #CinesiteVancouver is hiring a Crowds Animator to join our #animation team! Apply now at… https://t.co/nmg2mtelvD@Cinesite08.12.20The work of a concept artist is a pivotal part of the VFX process. We caught up with Cinesite concept artist, Madel… https://t.co/ePqfL8P2db@Cinesite02.12.20
VACaNCIES
FIND OUT MORE
FIND OUT MORE
FIND OUT MORE