http://www.signwizard.com/privacy
Aries Graphics International Privacy Policy
Aries Graphics International respects your privacy. This privacy policy summarizes:
What information we collect and why we collect it
How we use the information
How we keep the information secure
Who we share the information with
Your choices regarding your information
What information do we collect and why do we collect it?
Contact Information and Product Information
We collect information that you provide to us through a demonstration request form, product registration form, login form, or inquiry form on our web sites.
This information may include your Name, Company, Email Address, Address, Phone Number, and Web Site Address, which we collectively call your Contact Information.
This information may also include your Product Name, Version, and Serial Number, Vinyl Cutter/Plotter, Wide Format Printer, and Operating System, which collectively we call your Product Information.
We collect your Contact Information and your Product Information in order to provide our products and services, including product support, demonstration and/or trial versions, access to product updates, and notification of new products or updates.
Transaction Information
When you buy a product or service, we collect information used in a purchase transaction.
This information may include your Name, Company, Address, Phone Number, and Email Address (Contact Information), and Credit or Debit Card details, which we call your Transaction Information.
We collect this information solely in order to process a transaction with you for the purchase or upgrade of our products.
How do we use this data?
Contact Information and Product Information
Your Contact Information and Product Information is used to create a customer and/or sales lead record in our database. This record identifies you and your relationship with our company, including the products you have purchased from us and/or inquired about. When you contact us, we look up your information in order to better serve your requests.
We may use this information to contact you about our products and services, including updates or upgrades on products you already own and new versions or new products that we think you would be interested in. See below: Your choices regarding your information.
Transaction Information
We use this information solely in order to process a purchase transaction with you.
Who do we share the information with?
Contact Information and Product Information is not shared with, or sold to, any third parties in any way, except to facilitate emails through the Constant Contact platform. All emails sent from the Constant Contact platform have a “Safe Unsubscribe” button at the bottom that will remove your information from their system. See below: “What are your choices regarding your information?” to edit or remove your information from our database.
Transaction Information is not shared with, or sold to, any third parties in any way, except in order to process a transaction through our QuickBooks Online accounting software, which also acts as our payment gateway.
How do we keep the information secure?
Your Contact Information and Product Information is stored securely in our database. No outside individual or organization has access to this information, with the exception of Constant Contact for the purpose of sending emails.
Your Transaction Information is stored securely in the QuickBooks Online platform. We do not keep a copy of this information in our database or as hard copies in our office. If Transaction Information is provided to us over the phone, we enter it into the QuickBooks Online platform and destroy the hard copy data.
If you are a customer, we keep your Contact Information and Product Information as long as necessary to perform our duties of supporting your product(s). You can request that we not contact you with promotional emails.
If you are not a customer, we keep your Contact Information as long as necessary to provide you with pertinent product or service information related to your original inquiry with us. You can request at any time that your information be removed from our database.
What are your choices regarding your information?
You have the right to access your personal information.
You have the right to make changes to this information.
You have the right to restrict how we use this information.
You have the right to delete your personal information.
In order to request viewing, changing, or deleting your personal information, please contact us at privacy@aries-graphics.com with your requests.
© 2019 Aries Graphics International