http://www.riverviewbank.com/privacy-and-security
Skip to main content
Home ›
Privacy & Security
SECURITY & PRIVACY POLICY
Riverview Community Bank is committed to providing the highest level of security and privacy regarding the collection and use of our online banking customers' personal information, as well as that of all visitors to our website. Personal information may be collected through the submission of account applications, online banking transactions, or through the use of online financial tools such as interactive calculators. A detailed description of Riverview Community Bank's Online Banking Privacy Policy is provided below. If you have additional questions regarding the privacy of your personal information, contact us.
Privacy Policy
Respect of Right to Privacy
Riverview Community Bank respects your right to privacy and takes every precaution to provide you with the same level of privacy within our virtual branch that you receive through more traditional bank delivery channels.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The collection of personal information online is designed to protect access to your personal accounts and to assist the bank in providing you with the products and services you want and need. All personal information collected and stored by the bank is used for specific business purposes-to protect and administer your personal accounts and transactions, to comply with state and federal banking regulations, and to help the bank better understand your financial needs in order to design or improve our products and services.
Employing stringent security measures in the collection of your personal information, all Riverview Community Bank online account applications are submitted to the bank's secure administration site through an encrypted direct line to the bank. Once received by the bank, only approved personnel may open and process the application. Furthermore, auditing mechanisms have been put into place to further protect your information by identifying which employee(s) has accessed and in any way modified-for example, updated or added to-your personal information.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
It is in the best interest of both you and the bank to maintain accurate records concerning your personal information. For this reason, Riverview Community Bank allows you to update your personal information online, at anytime, through the submission of encrypted e-mail requests sent to the bank's secure administration site. Notifications are immediately sent to approved bank personnel alerting them to the receipt of your request. This procedure allows Riverview Community Bank to update your personal information within a timely manner.
Limited Employee Access to Personal Information
Riverview Community Bank limits employee access to your personal information to only those bank administrators with a business reason for knowing such information. Riverview Community Bank also educates all employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy. In addition, individual user names and passwords are used by approved bank personnel to access your personal information online, providing audit trails to further safeguard the privacy of your personal information.
Third-Party Disclosure Restrictions
Riverview Community Bank follows strict privacy procedures in regard to protecting your personal information. In addition, the bank requires all third parties with a business need to access this information to adhere to similar and equally stringent privacy policies. Personal information may be supplied to a third party in order to process a customer transaction; if the customer requests it; the disclosure is required or allowed by law (i.e. exchange of information with reputable reporting agencies, subpoena, or the investigation of fraudulent activity, etc.); or for marketing purposes of which the customer has been previously informed and has been given the opportunity to decline.
Disclosure of Privacy Policies
Riverview Community Bank is committed to ensuring the privacy of its customers' personal information. For more information regarding the Riverview Community Bank Online Banking Privacy Policy, contact us.
Third Party Links
Riverview Community Bank website contains links to third-party websites. These linked sites are not under the control of Riverview Community Bank, and Riverview Community Bank is not responsible for and makes no representation as to the accuracy of the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Riverview Community Bank is providing these links only as a convenience to its customers, and the inclusion of a link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Riverview Community Bank.
3rd Party Advertising Cookies Opt-Out
Riverview is dedicated to providing privacy on the Internet. In addition to our privacy policy above, we are providing you with opportunity to also opt out of future 3rd party advertising cookies. Riverview allows third parties to place cookies on our site for advertising purposes. This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these vendors. These vendors have their own privacy policies and may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page and follow the relevant instructions. Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Overdraft Protection
We'll automatically transfer funds from your Savings Account to your Checking if funds drop below zero.
LEARN MORE
Sweep Accounts
Never worry about moving cash to cover your outgoing items. We'll take care of it!
EXPLORE