http://www.chlorineinstitute.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Copyright Notice
Unless otherwise noted, all editorial content and graphics on this site are protected by U.S. copyright and international treaties and may not be copied without the express permission of the Chlorine Institute Inc. (CI), which reserves all rights.
Re-use of any of CI's editorial content and graphics online, in print or any other medium for any purpose is strictly prohibited. The materials from CI websites are available for informational and noncommercial uses offline only, provided all of the following conditions are met: the content and/or graphics are not modified in any way; all copyright and other notices on any copy are retained; and written permission is granted by CI.
Text-based linking to CI websites is permitted; however, "framing" or other "nested" use of the content is strictly prohibited. Permission to use CI content is granted on a case-by-case basis. Please direct your inquiries to Chlorine Institue Headquarters at info@CL2.com.
Do not copy or adapt the HTML that CI creates to generate pages. It also is covered by copyright. Among, but not limited to, the trademarks and service marks owned by CI are: the Chlorine Institute; the CI logo; the Chlorine Manual; and CHLOREP. Any use of the trademarks of CI requires the written permission of the Chlorine Institute.
Important Disclaimer
CI provides information through its website as a service to association members, the chlor-alkali industry and chlorine consumers. CI offers this material for educational, informational or background purposes only; nothing contained in this website is to be considered as the rendering of legal, financial, professional or other advice, and users are responsible for obtaining such advice from their own legal, financial or other counsel. Material included on this website does not necessarily reflect the opinions of CI employees, Officers or Board of Directors.
Third Party Usage and Merchant Services
The CI website may contain links to other Internet websites, including co-branded or other affiliated sites. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, CI is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites, including such sites' use of any information.
You may have access to certain information related to third parties at the CI website, or via links, banner ads or click-throughs from the site, regarding the goods or services of third parties. You understand and agree that your access to or use of those services is a matter entirely between you and the associated third parties, and CI shall have no liability for any such access or use.
Privacy Statement
The Chlorine Institute (CI) respects the privacy of all individuals who visit our Web site and purchase our products. The following policy is intended to explain how CI uses personal and other information obtained by or provided to CI from Web site users and visitors. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, name, street, postal and e-mail addresses, billing information, click-through activity, and any other personal information provided.
All personal information is considered confidential. CI does not rent its mailing lists to third parties and will not disclose personal information without the visitor's consent except as required by law, court order, or as requested by government or law enforcement authority. As a general matter, each time a visitor or user enters the CI Web site, CI's Web site hosting company's server collects basic technical information, including the visitor's domain name, e.g., aol.com; referral data, e.g., the last URL a user visited prior to entering chlorineinstitute.org; and browser and platform type, e.g., Netscape browser or a Macintosh platform. CI also tracks and aggregates visitor activity in an analysis of general traffic flow. This information may be aggregated into group data, which then may be shared on an aggregated basis with third parties but, unless otherwise provided for in this policy, CI will not disclose individual identity or personal identifiable data without permission.
Cookies
CI utilizes cookies on its Web site so that members and other visitors may permanently store their customer information on their own computer in the contact information fields of the customer profile page. These cookies will help ease the ordering process by eliminating the need for customers to fill in their contact information each time they order a product from CI. Only the customer name, mailing address, and e-mail, phone, and fax contact information will be stored on the customer's desktop. Customer billing information (credit card number, type of credit card, expiration date) will not be stored.
CI Mailing Lists
CI does not rent its mailing lists to third parties. CI does not partner with or have special relationships with ad server companies. CI will not otherwise use or disclose personal information without the visitor's consent except (i.) as described in this privacy policy, or (ii.) as required by law, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority.
Web Site Security
CI uses industry-standard encryption technologies to transfer and receive certain data from www.chlorineinstitute.org. When CI transfers and receives certain personalized information, CI redirects visitors to a secure server connection beforehand, and notifies the user of this repositioning through data displayed on the web pages(s) in question. The actual determination of which information is deemed personalized rests with CI.
All e-commerce transactions are secured using the standard Web encryption technology, called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). The personal/customer information you provide and your credit card information are transmitted in encrypted form, never in clear text. This ensures that any information traveling between the customer's browser and CI's Web site are protected from being read by those who might attempt to intercept the transmission. The identity of our Web site, including the online Bookstore, is vouched for by digital certificates issued by VeriSign, Inc., the leading provider of digital IDs. The major browsers will automatically accept those certificates, and you can examine their content.
Other information you send to the Chlorine Institute, including email messages, will not be encrypted unless we advise you otherwise.
Jursidiction
Any dispute or claim arising out of the use of the CI Web site shall be resolved according to the laws of the Virginia Commonwealth without reference to conflict of law principles. By agreeing to these terms and conditions and using the chlorineinstitute.org Web site, the user consents to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over user by the courts of the Virginia Commonwealth. Any legal action in connection with this agreement shall be brought or maintained only in the courts of the Virginia Commonwealth.
Policy Revisions
CI reserves the right to revise these policies at any time without prior notice to the User. It is the User's responsibility to periodically review these policies.