https://www.totalstructures.com/terms-conditions/
Navigatie
Zoeken
Telefoon
+1 (805) 676 3322
sales@totalstructures.com
Home
Products
Online Catalog
Downloads
Offices
Company
Terms and Conditions
You are here: Home » Terms and Conditions
Warranty
The following warranty shall be read in conjunction with the Conditions and Terms of Sale of products designed and fabricated by Total Structures, Inc.
Total Structures, Inc. warrants that the truss and tower products supplied are free from significant manufacturing and material defects for a period of 12 months from the date of manufacture providing that all the following apply:
The product is used within the operating parameters defined in the engineering calculations.
The product is used in accordance with the guidelines and recommendations set out in Operating Manual for Modular Aluminum Truss and Tower Sections Designed and Fabricated by Total Structures, Inc., a copy of which is available on request.
The product is used in accordance with the guidelines and recommendations set out in ANSI E1.2 Entertainment Technology – Design, Manufacture and Use of Aluminum Trusses and Towers.
In any event, the sole extent of any liability on the part of Total Structures, Inc. shall be limited to the replacement cost of the product fabricated by Total Structures, Inc., provided that the part or parts alleged to be defective has or have been returned at the buyer’s cost to the seller’s premises for inspection and evaluation.
Privacy Policy
Eurotruss, established at Castorweg 2 8938BE Leeuwarden, is responsible for the processing of personal data as set out in This privacy statement.
Eurotruss BV
Castorweg 2
8938BE Leeuwarden
+31(0)582158888
Personal data that we process
Eurotruss processes your personal data because you use our services and/or because you provide these to us yourself. You can find an overview below of the personal data we process:
• First and last name, if availabe
• E-mail address
• Company name
• IP address
• Location data
Special and/or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and/or service does not have the intention to collect data about website visitors who are younger than 16 years of age. Unless they have permission from parents or guardian. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is over 16 years old. We advise parents to be involved in the online activities. of their children, in order to prevent data on children from being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal data about a minor without this permission, please contact us via marketing@eurotruss.com, then we remove this information.
For what purpose and on what basis do we process personal data?
Eurotruss processes your personal data for the following purposes:
Automated decision making
Eurotruss makes decisions [whether or not] on the basis of automated processing on matters that may have (considerable) consequences for individuals. If These are decisions taken by computer programs or systems without a person (e.g. a Eurotruss employee) being present. is in between. Eurotruss uses the following computer programs or systems: [add name to the system, why it is being used, underlying logic, importance and expected consequences for the data subject].
How long we store personal information
Your data will be kept safe on our servers as long as you are subscribed.
Sharing of personal data with third parties
Eurotruss only provides to third parties and only if this is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you or in order to comply with a legal requirement.
Obligation.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use
Eurotruss only uses technical and functional cookies. And analytical cookies that do not infringe your privacy. A cookie is a small text file which is stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone when you visit this website for the first time. The cookies we use are necessary for the
technical operation of the website and your ease of use. They make sure that the website works properly and remember for example your preferred settings. It also enables us to optimise our website. You can unsubscribe from cookies by setting your internet browser in such a way that it does not store any more cookies. In addition, you can also delete all information previously stored through your browser’s settings.
Viewing, modifying or deleting data
You have the right to access, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to obtain your possible permission for the withdraw data processing or object to the processing of your personal data by Eurotruss, and you have the right to Data transferability. This means that you can submit a request to us for the personal data that we hold of you in a computer file. to send to you or to any other organisation you refer to. You can make a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your Send personal data or requests to withdraw your consent or object to the processing of your personal data to marketing@eurotruss.com. In order to be sure that you have made the request for access, we ask you to provide us with a copy of your identity document with the request Send along. In this copy, take your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and Citizen Service Number (BSN) black. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, but within four weeks. Eurotruss wants you to also point out that you have the opportunity to lodge a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the Personal Data Authority. This can be done via the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
How we protect personal data
Eurotruss takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and to prevent unauthorised alteration. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or if there are instructions to the contrary
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Eurotruss wish to use your email address to send you marketing related communications regarding our products, services and hot topics in the industry. Your data will not be shared with any third parties and will be stored on our secured server which are based in the Netherlands and USA. Eurotruss recognize your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and as such, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, for any reason.
Your details will be held by Eurotruss. For further information, please call +31(0)58-215 88 88 or email marketing@eurotruss.com
Why Total Structures
Total Structures is the industries most creative innovator and manufacturer
Nationwide coverage from two factories
Efficient and modern production technology
MORE INFORMATION?
Got a question about our products or services? Please contact our sales department:
sales@totalstructures.com
Get in touch
Download our catalogue
Total Structures
The industries most creative innovator and manufacturer
View our locations