http://www.samcases.co.uk/terms/
Get a FREE Quote
Cases
Cases
Plastic Cases
Plastic Cases
WAG Cases
Excellent Cases
SPI Cases
NPR Cases
Waterproof Cases
Waterproof Cases
Peli Cases
Peli Storm Cases
Peli Air
Explorer Cases
Flight Cases
Heavy Duty Cases
Heavy Duty Cases
Peli Rack Mount Cases
Peli ISP2 Cases
Peli Single Lid Cases
Peli Mobile Military
Other Products
Satin Cases
Charging Cases
Sample Cases
Services
Services
Services
Custom Foam Interiors
Branding & Graphics
Bespoke Electrics
Industries
Industries
Sales & Marketing
Military & Aerospace
Security & Emergency
Medical & Scientific
Sport & Leisure
Industrial & Engineering
TV & Film
Storage & Logistics
About
Contact
Get a FREE Quote!
Flight Cases
Flight Case Styles
Flight Case Features
Plastic Cases
WAG Cases
Excellent Cases
SPI Cases
NPR Cases
Waterproof Cases
Peli Cases
Storm Cases
Peli Air Cases
Explorer Cases
Heavy Duty
Peli Rack Mount Cases
Peli ISP2 Cases
Peli Single Lid Cases
Peli Mobile Military
Other Products
Satin Cases
Charging Cases
Sample Cases
Custom Foam Interiors
Branding & Graphics
Bespoke Electrics
Sales & Marketing
Security & Emergency
Military & Aerospace
Medical & Scientific
Sport & Leisure
Industrial & Engineering
TV & Film
Storage & Logistics
Terms & Conditions
SAM Cases Ltd (www.samcases.co.uk)
1. Our website
Your use of this website and any service contained within constitutes acceptance of these Terms & Conditions.
2. Customer Information
2.1  You should always check that the contact information you provide is correct before creating a customer account or proceeding to payment.
2.2  You are responsible for maintaining your own username and password, where required to access your customer account. You should ensure that you store your username and password securely and that the details required to access your customer account are not provided to another party.
2.3  As a customer you are responsible for your customer account and actions taken within it. If you are aware or suspect that your customer account username and password or other details have become known to a third party, you should inform us immediately.
2.4  Our website is only intended for use by adults. Adults may purchase products for children as long as the products purchased are intended by the manufacturer for use or consumption by children.
3. Contract of Sale
Due to any unforeseen circumstances (such as incorrect pricing, stock availability or delivery issues) your order is not accepted until it has been shipped.
4. Product Pricing and Title
4.1  We make every effort to ensure that the pricing displayed on our website is correct. However, if an error in the pricing of a product is found we reserve the right to either cancel your order or contact you to arrange payment of any extra sum due or refund any over-payment made by you (as applicable). The processing of an order can be cancelled or corrected by us at anytime up to the shipment of that order and any related items.
4.2  We reserve the right to alter all product pricing without notice.
4.3  Title in any products ordered from us does not pass to you, the purchaser until we have received and processed a valid payment, and that payment has been made into our own bank account and your order has been shipped.
4.4  In the event of a late payment, credit/debit card company interest charges may apply.
4.5  Commercial invoicing is strictly 30 days net.
4.6  Late payment of Commercial Debts Regulations 2013 (PDF: 54k). In accordance with the above regulations we reserve the right to charge interest at 8.5%. Secondly we are entitled to charge admin costs.
5. Your Order
5.1  When you place an order you will automatically receive a confirmation email from us to confirm your order. Your order constitutes an offer made to us to purchase the goods specified in the order.
5.2  Your offer is only accepted by us once we have emailed you to confirm the dispatch of your order.
5.3  Product items not included within the dispatch email are not included in the order and contract between you and us.
5.4  We reserve the right to delay or refuse orders where a transaction contains incomplete details or details that cannot be verified or where fraud is suspected.
5.5  If we are unable to reasonably ascertain these details or resolve these issues a full refund will be made against the card used at the time of purchase. No other form of refund or credit will be offered nor will a refund be made to any third party card or account.
6. Shipping and Customs Duty
6.1  All orders received by us are shipped subject to availability.
6.2  We reserve the right to ship products at a later date (up to 28 days after purchase) where the product ordered is not in stock at the time of purchase. In this situation you will be contacted and offered a full refund instead of delivery of the product.
6.3  We cannot be held responsible for disruption to shipping caused by industrial disputes or action outside our direct control. If such disruption occurs you will be offered delivery via an alternative delivery or fulfilment company or a full refund.
6.4  If you are ordering a product from outside the UK the recipient of the product is responsible for all customs duties or tariffs incurred in the country to which the products are shipped. Furthermore your order may be subject to delay or be opened and searched by local customs authorities when entering the destination country. Please note we are unable to provide specific advice on customs duties or tariffs.
7. Cancellation Rights, Returns and Refunds
7.1  Under the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 you have a right to cancel your purchase. However, to exercise this right you must notify us in writing, (email or letter) within 7 working days from the day after you receive your goods.
7.2  As stated above notification of cancellation must be in writing, a telephone call is not a valid cancellation.
7.3  No right of cancellation, refund or return exists under the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 once you have used your product, unless the product is defective and you are returning it for this reason.
7.4  Goods that are sealed or shrink-wrapped and this is removed can only be returned if they are defective.
7.5  No right of cancellation exists for personalised goods or goods that are intimate in their nature or goods where there may be hygiene issues, unless defective.
7.6  Please observe the following procedure for all returns to us:
7.6.1  On the back of your delivery note or on another piece of paper, (if you no longer have your delivery note), include your order number and the reason for the return.
7.6.2  If you are returning your product because it is defective, please state the defect or defects.
7.6.3  Repackage the product in its original packaging, including any accessories, brochures, manuals, guarantees or warranties that came with the product. Unfortunately we will be unable to issue a refund where the product is in an incomplete state.
7.6.4  Items must be returned in perfect condition, unused and in original packaging. We reserve the right to refuse an exchange or refund if goods are not returned in a saleable condition or are damaged.
7.7  If the original packaging surrounding the product has been damaged or destroyed we will only issue a refund if the product is being returned due to a defect. If the original packaging of a defective product has been damaged or destroyed you should ensure that the returned product is adequately packed for shipment back to us.
7.8  You are responsible for paying any postage or shipping costs incurred when returning the product.
7.9  We recommend that all returns be sent by registered post, so that a record of the return is available for you.
7.10  We will not issue refunds for any items lost or stolen in transit to us.
7.11  Where a return is lost or stolen in transit to us, you should claim compensation from the company that shipped the return.
7.12  If you fail to return a product to us, we may make arrangements to have the product collected from you. The cost of this collection will be passed on to you.
7.13  Unused products may be returned promptly by customers to the address listed below:
SAM Cases Ltd Unit 2 Blackfriars Road, West End Trading Estate, Nailsea, North Somerset BS48 4DJ
7.14  Subject to the above, we will refund the purchase price of a returned product within thirty days of receiving written notification of your intention to return the product.
7.15  We will also refund the cost of standard or recorded postage incurred returning a product, if incorrectly sent by us or where the product has been returned due to a defect. Please note that we will not refund any courier, overnight or express element of any delivery or postage charge, including Royal Mail Special Delivery.
8. Customer Complaints
We endeavour to respond to all customer complaints or queries within five working days.
9. Faulty Products
Where a Customer experiences a fault with a product it can be returned to SAM Cases Ltd, subject to our returns policy above.
10. Events outside our control
SAM Cases Ltd shall not be liable for delay or failure to perform any obligation under these Terms & Conditions if the delay or failure is caused by any circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of god, war, civil disorder or industrial dispute.
11. Regulation Evaluation Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH)
We have compiled a full inventory of the chemical substances and preparations used here on site. We have also assessed the impact of particles produced on site and can categorically state that:
11.1  We do not import or produce substances or preparations over the one tonne limit as set out in the above regulations and do not need to register.
11.2  We do not supply chemicals or preparations to our customers; we are not classed as Distributors or Suppliers under the regulations.
11.3  The articles - as defined by the above regulations - we produce will not intentionally release or do not contain substances and/or preparations as laid down by REACH and do not have Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC) as laid down in Article 57, Annex XIV of the same regulations.
11.4  We class ourselves as an end user and will fulfil our responsibilities under REACH by:
11.4.1  Contacting our suppliers and distributors to ensure the continuation of supply of materials.
11.4.2  Not using any substance or preparation that is not registered or authorised in accordance with REACH as appropriate.
11.4.3  Maintaining contact with suppliers and customers with regard to changes in responsibilities and needs, in particular obtaining a statement from our suppliers/distributors confirming their responsibilities under the regulations.
11.4.4  Assisting in the review of exposure scenarios as necessary.
11.4.5  Keeping up to date information with regard to the above regulations.
11.4.6  Complying with all other regulations associated with hazardous substances e.g. COSHH etc.
12. License
12.1  SAM Cases Ltd grants you a license to access the content, information and services contained within our website for personal use only.
12.2  This license allows you to download and cache (using your browser) individual pages from our website.
12.3  This license does not allow you to download and modify individual pages or substantial parts of our website nor to make our website available via an intranet, where our website or a substantial part of it is hosted locally on the intranet in question.
12.4  Our website design, layout, content or text cannot be copied, edited or otherwise manipulated without our express prior written permission.
12.5  Our website cannot be placed within the frame-set of another site.
12.6  Third parties are not allowed to deep link to pages within our website, without our express prior written permission. All links (unless expressly permitted by us) should be to the main index page of our website. Furthermore, the content of such links, whether graphic or text should not be misleading, false, derogatory or in any other way offensive.
12.7  The restriction on deep linking does not apply to affiliate partners who wish to send customers directly to a particular page or product in order to increase their affiliate sales.
13. Copyright
13.1  All content, databases, graphics, buttons, icons, logos, layouts and look & feel are the copyright of SAM Cases Ltd, unless expressly acknowledged as otherwise.
13.2  The data mining, extraction or utilisation of product information from our website is not permitted without our express prior written permission.
14. Reasonably Foreseeable Losses
14.1  SAM Cases Ltd will be liable for any losses incurred by you due to breaches of these Terms & Conditions by us, where such losses were reasonably foreseeable at the time the contract between you and us was made.
14.2  All business, indirect or consequential losses not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the contract between you and us are excluded.
14.3  SAM Cases Ltd does not exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury caused by the negligence or breach of duty by us, our employees or officers.
15. Severability
The foregoing paragraphs, sub-paragraphs and clauses of these Terms & Conditions shall be read and construed independently of each other. Should any part of this agreement or its paragraphs, sub-paragraphs or clauses be found invalid it shall not affect the remaining paragraphs, sub-paragraphs and clauses.
16. Waiver
Failure by SAM Cases Ltd to enforce any accrued rights under these Terms & Conditions is not to be taken as or deemed to be a waiver of those rights unless we acknowledge the waiver in writing.
17. Privacy
Please see our privacy policy which includes information on our website's use of cookies.
18. Entire Terms & Conditions
These Terms & Conditions set out the entire agreement and understanding between you and SAM Cases Ltd We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions at any time, without giving notice to you.
19. Jurisdiction
These Terms & Conditions shall be interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. Your statutory rights are unaffected.
Our contact details are as follows:
SAM Cases Ltd
Unit 2 West End Trading Estate,
Blackfriars Road,
Nailsea,
North Somerset
BS48 4DJ
Email: sales@samcases.co.uk
Telephone From within the UK: 01275 866366
International: 44 (0) 1275 866366
Fax From within the UK: 01275 866444
International: 44 (0) 1275 866444
Company registration number: 04409229
VAT registration number: 567 5182 13
About
Contact
Get a Quote
Terms
Privacy
Find out more
Why not share your requirements with us by completing our quote request form.
Get a FREE Quote