https://www.chrismoon.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
On the 25th May 2018 the General Data Protection Regulation, known as GDPR, came into effect. GDPR imposes additional obligations on organisations and gives you extra rights around how your data is used. We want you to know that Chris Moon/MTB Management Ltd respects the information we hold on you and that we take the security of your information very seriously.
New GDPR Regulations means that we need to make our Privacy policy clear and concise so you can see how we handle your data. In simple terms, this section explains what information we collect from you, what we do with it and who it might be shared with:
What information do we collect from you?
When you complete our website contact form, we collect data including name, email address and phone contact details.
Why do we collect this data?
We collect this data for the sole purpose of dealing with your enquiry.
Who might we share your information with?
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
What do we do with your information?
Your information is stored securely in line with GDPR regulations. From time to time, we may email you with information regarding Chris Moon/MTB Management Ltd news that we feel may be of interest only if you have agreed to receive marketing information on our contact form. (you can opt out of any marketing emails at any time by updating your preferences or unsubscribing from an email)
How long do we keep hold of your information?
We will hold onto your data for as long as your enquiry is active. (e.g. from initial enquiry through to follow up post event)
How can I access the information you hold about me?
You can contact us at any time and ask for this information by emailing enquiries@chrismoon.co.uk
We will provide you with this information in a timely manner.
Should you need to contact us please write to:
MTB Management Ltd
PO Box 19122
Strathaven
ML10 6WZ
UK
Or via enquiries@chrismoon.co.uk quoting security and privacy
WP to LinkedIn Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com