https://www.safetysign.com/help/h45/privacy
Privacy Policy | SafetySign.com
SafetySign.com
Help Center
Privacy Policy
Help Center
Company Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Contacting Customer Service
Becoming a Distributor
About SafetySign.com
Becoming a Charity Partner
Using This Website
Signing in to Your Account
Tracking an Order
Return Policy
Low Price Guarantee
Ordering
Shipping and Delivery
Sales Tax
Setting Up a Net30
Saving Your Shopping Cart
Standards / Compliance
ANSI Z535 2007 Revision
ANSI Z535.4 Safety Labels
ANSI Z535 Safety Headers
ANSI Z535 Safety Symbols
UL Recognition
NFPA Diamonds
ANSI Format
OSHA Format
OSHA or ANSI
Safety Sign Requirements
What are ANSI Color Codes?
What are OSHA Color Codes?
Determine correct viewing distances
Legal
Product Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Website Security Safeguards
Development Credits
Buyer's Guides
10 Signs that Every Parking Lot Should Have
Determining Reflectivity
MUTCD Stop Signs
Sign Durability
Sign Maintenance
Stop Paddles FAQ
Signs vs Labels
Texas No Gun Signs
UL® Recognized Labels
What Size Safety Sign Do I Need?
Learning Center
What is OSHA?
What are OSHA Standards?
Who can be inspected by OSHA?
What do I need to pass an OSHA inspection?
What happens during an OSHA inspection?
What is ANSI
What are ANSI standards
ANSI Symbol Definitions
What is ANSI Z535.1
What is ANSI Z535.2
What is ANSI Z535.3
What is ANSI Z535.4
What is ISO
What are ISO symbols
Why Should I Use ISO Symbols
ISO 3864-1 ISO 3864-2 Compliance
What is a Confined Space
Why Do I Need Confined Space Signs
What is a Non-Permit Confined Space
Do I need a Confined Space Entry Permit
10 Steps to Prevent Slips, Trips, and Falls
Slip, Trip, and Fall Statistics
What is the NFPA?
NFPA Hazard Rating System
NFPA Color Codes
What is NFPA 704?
What is NFPA 170?
Scaffolding Inspection Requirements
Risks During Scaffold Erection
Using Scaffolding Safety Tags
2016 OSHA Asbestos Signage Updates
Traffic Signs and Their Meanings
Street Name Signs FAQ
Street Name Sign Mounting
How Many Handicap Parking Signs do You Need?
Which Handicap Parking Signs do You Need?
Which In-street Crossing Sign Do I Need?
No Smoking Regulations by State
No Trespassing Statutes and Signs
Truss Signs Overview
State-Specific No Gun Signs and Regulations
Safe Lifting Techniques
Choosing the Right Stand For Your Road Work Signs
Road Sign Meanings
Why Are Street Signs Different Colors?
Privacy Policy
How We Use Your Personal Information
SafetySign.com does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information to any company or organization without notifying you or asking for your consent. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, offering you the opportunity to provide feedback, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release specific information about you, your company, or your account to comply with any valid legal process such as search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
We will never use your personally identifiable information to place you on any mailing list that does not belong to SafetySign.com’s parent company, Brimar Industries, Inc., without your consent. If you choose to subscribe to a Brimar Industries, Inc. mailing list, we will enroll you to a promotional email list to receive discount offers and special deals and you will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time by using the links provided in any promotional email you receive from us. We may also send our customers notifications and direct mailing pieces about products or events that we think may be of interest to them.
We may contact you about your account status, to confirm your registration, or regarding changes to the SafetySign.com Terms & Conditions or Privacy Policy.
Since we do not track you across third-party websites, we do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any
feedback about these sites.
When We Collect Your Personal Information
You may visit SafetySign.com anonymously. However, we may request personally identifiable information from you in connection with your use of our web site. Our policy is to collect personally identifiable information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us, including when you:
register for an account;
place an order;
subscribe to our newsletter;
respond to a survey;
enter a contest; or
fill out a form.
When you place an order, you may be presented with the option of donating to a charity. If you choose to make a donation, you will also be offered the option of either donating anonymously or sharing your name and contact information with the charity. If you do not donate anonymously, we will provide your name, email address, phone number, and mailing address to the charity alongside the amount you chose to donate. The charity’s use of your name and contact information shall be subject to the use of that charity’s privacy policy.
What Personal Information We Request
When we request information from you in accordance to our policies outlined above, we may ask for personally identifiable information including your:
name;
email address;
mailing address;
phone number;
credit card information; or
company information.
How Personal Information Is Secured
Your information is protected by secure firewalls (communication management computers specially designed to keep information secure and inaccessible by other Internet users).
You’re safe while you shop; and if you choose to store your personal information with us, it’s always secure and protected by your own password.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, Brimar Industries has put in place advanced and appropriate physical, electronic, testing, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure all the information we collect. Total security includes firewalls, intruder detection, testing, and physical security.
Although we take careful measures to secure both your information and our physical premises, “perfect security” does not exist on the internet; and our efforts in this regard must necessarily be limited by what is practical in light of our equipment and technology.
How We Use Credit Card Information
Sensitive/credit information is transferred to our secure server using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. The only people who have access to your credit card information are banking institutions and their intermediaries. The website and hosting company do not store the information. All the information is received encrypted and remains encrypted.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to allow you to use our site’s functionality, including to:
help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart;
understand and save your preferences for future visits; or
keep track of advertisements.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service at 800-274-6271.
Trusted third-party vendors use cookies to provide functionality on this website as well as to provide their own services and advertising. You may opt out of third party cookie usage by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
Your Rights & Choices
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents with rights regarding their personal information. You have the right to request a copy of your personal information we have collected in the past twelve months, or for that information to be deleted. We will only deny deletion requests if the information is necessary for us or our third-party vendors to provide the goods or services that you requested when providing that personal information or if we are restricted from doing so due to any other legal obligation. To request your information or its deletion, please call 800-274-6271 or complete our contact form. Please allow up to 45 days for a response. We will not deny service to, alter pricing for, or otherwise discriminate against those who exercise their CCPA rights.
More Information
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information in the footer at the bottom of our site.