http://www.rapidrail.co.uk/index.php/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views); information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including name, company, telephone number and email address); and any other information that you choose to send to us.
CookiesA cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. We may use “session” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
Using your personal dataPersonal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.We may use your personal information to:
administer the website;
send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
send to you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
DisclosuresWe may disclose information about you to our employees insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.In addition, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Security of your personal dataWe will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
Policy amendmentsWe may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your rightsYou may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00). You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time. (In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes).
Third party websitesThe website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating informationPlease let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
ContactIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email to info@rapidrail.co.uk or by post to Rapid Rail GB Limited, 4 Empire Way, Gloucester, Gloucestershire GL2 5HY.
Data controllerThe data controller responsible for our website is: Rapid Rail GB Limited, The Loft, 4 Empire Way, Gloucester GL2 5HY.We can be contacted by post at this address, via email info@rapidrail.co.uk or by calling 01452 383001.
This website privacy policy is based on a template created by Template-contracts.co.uk, distributed by Website-law.co.uk.