http://www.wholeearthprovision.com/info/privacy-policy
X
Be in the know about sales, events, and more by subscribing to our newsletter!
Email
Privacy
WHOLE EARTH PROVISION CO. PRIVACY POLICY
Our privacy Policy
This policy discloses the privacy practices for our wholeearthprovision.com website (“our Site”), and applies specifically to information collected through this website.  By using our Site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We are committed to protecting your private information.
Whole Earth Provision Co. Email List
If you wish to be removed from our mailing list(s), please use the SafeUnsubscribe(R) link at the bottom of any email you receive from us.
Online Privacy Assurance and Security
Personal information gathered by this Site is kept on a secure server.  Personal information may include, without limitation, IP addresses, names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, demographic information, and credit card information.  Any personal information is used by our company solely to process and document your order, to contact you regarding your order, prize, or other business with us, to tailor your experience with us to best meet your objectives and address your particular interests, and to assist us in compiling, with the benefit of online tools, an audience profile of persons who might enjoy similar interests.
Wherever we collect sensitive information on our Site, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can confirm this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
In addition to using encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.  Credit card information is used solely for sales transactions and credits on product returns.  Your credit card information is automatically encrypted and invisible to us; it only passes through, but is not stored, on our servers.
Please be aware that, although we are committed to using these good practices with respect to our Site, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we therefore cannot guarantee absolute security of any electronic system.  We encourage you to take steps to help protect the confidentiality and security of your account, including, without limitation, by protecting your log-in information.
Cookies
Our Site may use “cookies.”  Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website.  We may use session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser), persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them), and third party Cookies (which aid us with digital analytics on our website).  Cookies are used to enhance our Site, and to tailor your experience with us to meet your objectives, address your particular interests, and provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other websites.  If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.  Note that these external sites are not operated or controlled by us.  Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the separate privacy policies of any third-party websites.  We assume no responsibility for their content, privacy policies, or security measures.
Updates and Consent to Terms & Conditions
By using our Site, you acknowledge our Privacy Policy and consent to the all Terms & Conditions set forth on our Site.  Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.  These changes are effective immediately after they are posted.
We welcome your comments or questions about our Privacy Policy.  You can contact us via telephone at 1-800-544-1618 or via email: support@wholeearthprovision.com.
This Privacy Policy is effective May 22, 2018.