https://www.lbinteriors.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to lbinteriors!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of lbinteriors’s Website, located at lbinteriors.com.au.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use lbinteriors if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. Our Terms and Conditions were created with the help of the Terms & Conditions Generator Online and the Free Terms & Conditions Generator.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
USE OF INFORMATION FROM THIS WEBSITE
Unless you have entered into an express written contract with this website to the contrary, visitors, viewers, subscribers, members, affiliates, or customers have no right to use this information in a commercial or public setting; they have no right to broadcast it, copy it, save it, print it, sell it, or publish any portions of the content of this website. By viewing the contents of this website you agree this condition of viewing and you acknowledge that any unauthorized use is unlawful and may subject you to civil or criminal penalties. Again, Visitor has no rights whatsoever to use the content of, or portions thereof, including its databases, invisible pages, linked pages, underlying code, or other intellectual property the site may contain, for any reason for any use whatsoever. Nothing. Visitor agrees to liquidated damages in the amount of U.S.$100,000 in addition to costs and actual damages for breach of this provision. Visitor warrants that he or she understands that accepting this provision is a condition of viewing and that viewing constitutes acceptance.
OWNERSHIP OF WEBSITE OR RIGHT TO USE, SELL, PUBLISH CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE
The website and its contents are owned or licensed by the website. Material contained on the website must be presumed to be proprietary and copyrighted. Visitors have no rights whatsoever in the site content. Use of website content for any reason is unlawful unless it is done with express contract or permission of the website.
License
Unless otherwise stated, lbinteriors and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on lbinteriors. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from lbinteriors for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from lbinteriorsSell, rent or sub-license material from lbinteriorsReproduce, duplicate or copy material from lbinteriorsRedistribute content from lbinteriors
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Parts of this website offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the website. lbinteriors does not filter, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their presence on the website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of lbinteriors,its agents and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, lbinteriors shall not be liable for the Comments or for any liability, damages or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
lbinteriors reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark of any third party;The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material which is an invasion of privacyThe Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant lbinteriors a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
DISCLAIMER FOR HARM CAUSED BY DOWNLOADS
Visitor downloads information from this site at this own risk. Website makes no warranty that downloads are free of corrupting computer codes, including, but not limited to, viruses and worms.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
By viewing, using, or interacting in any manner with this site, including banners, advertising, or pop-ups, downloads, and as a condition of the website to allow his lawful viewing, Visitor forever waives all right to claims of damage of any and all description based on any causal factor resulting in any possible harm, no matter how heinous or extensive, whether physical or emotional, foreseeable or unforeseeable, whether personal or business in nature.
INDEMNIFICATION
Visitor agrees that in the event he causes damage, which the Website is required to pay for, the Visitor, as a condition of viewing, promises to reimburse the Website for all.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; orexclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.
As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.