http://www.britishland.com/careers/opportunities/candidate-privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Back
Close menu
Search
Share
Close
Search
Please fill out this field
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Email
Previous
Next
Home
Careers
Candidate privacy notice
Candidate privacy notice
We’ll always treat your data with the utmost care.
1. Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we collect about you, how we use it, why we use it, where we send it and who we share it with. By ‘we’, ‘us’, or ‘our’ we mean The British Land Company PLC and other members of our group of companies (for example, Broadgate Estates Ltd).
This Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we collect and process about individuals who apply for a position with us. Personal information is information, or a combination of pieces of information that could reasonably allow you to be identified. This Privacy Notice doesn’t form part of any contract of employment or other contract to provide services.
It’s important that you read this Privacy Notice, together with any other Privacy Notice we may provide on specific occasions when we’re collecting or processing personal information about you (such as when you become an employee, contractor or temporary worker), so that you’re aware of how and why we’re using your information.
2. What information do we collect about you?
We collect personal information about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly (such as when you send us your CV), and information we collect about you from other sources.
2.1 Information we collect directly from you
If you apply via our the Careers page on our website, we place cookies on your computer or mobile device, which collect some basic information such as your browser type, MAC or IP address, internet service provider’s domain name, which pages you access on the site and when. You can find more information about the cookies we use on our websites and the reasons in our Cookies Notice.
When you apply for a position with us, we will collect the following information from you or the recruitment agent representing you:
Personal details (such as name, date of birth.
Contact details (such as phone number, email address, postal address or mobile number).
Information contained in your CV (such as qualifications and career history).
Health-related information (for example, if you have a disability and require reasonable adjustments to the recruitment process).
Whether you have the right to work in the UK.
2.2 Information we collect from other sources
Interview notes made by the interviewer.
Assessments of suitability for employment and / or psychometric tests performed by a service provider. These are usually carried out for graduate, intern and certain data analyst roles.
If you visit our centres or other buildings for an interview, we will record information such as your name, who you are visiting, your time of arrival and the time you leave.
If you visit our centres or other buildings for an interview, we may capture CCTV footage of you.
2.3 Other information we use about you
In order to improve diversity within our workforce, where you apply for a graduate job or internship with us we use software to assess your academic performance in the context of the performance of your school and socioeconomic background. No automated decisions are taken in relation to this information and results are reviewed by a real person.
2.4 Special categories of personal data
Some of the categories of information that we collect are special categories of personal data (also known as sensitive personal information). In particular, we may process:
Health related information (for example, if you need us to make reasonable adjustments for your interview).
3. How do we use your information and what is the legal basis upon which we process it?
We use your personal information to:
Communicate with you about your application.
Consider your suitability for employment, including by assessing your personality and skill set.
Contact you with details of future roles which may be of interest to you (if you prefer us not to do this, please let us know).
Support compliance with our policies and all applicable laws and regulations.
Conduct business management, financial forecasting, security management, business continuity and record-keeping.
Comply with legal obligations to which we are subject and cooperate with regulators and law enforcement bodies.
Facilitate your visit to and ensure your safety whilst at our buildings or other centres (for example, we record your name and who you are visiting in our visitor registration system so we can contact the person you are visiting to let them know you’ve arrived and to ensure we’re aware of your presence and location in the event of an emergency).
We operate CCTV at our centres and other buildings for the purposes of public safety, crime prevention and prosecution, insurance and property management.
We must have a legal basis to process your personal information. In most cases the legal basis will be one of the following:
To enable us to communicate with you throughout the recruitment process in order to pursue our legitimate interests of employing/engaging people for our open positions.
To assess your suitability for the position and verify your identity in order to pursue our legitimate interests of employing/engaging the right people for the position and our business.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations such as employment law, legal obligations to business partners and financial regulations that require certain background checks for certain roles.
To keep records related to our hiring processes in order to pursue our legitimate interests of employing and engaging the right people for our positions and business and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
We may also obtain your consent to collect and use certain types of personal information when we are required to do so by law. If we ask for your consent to process your personal information, you have the right not to give it or to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details at the end of this Privacy Notice but this may mean we are unable to progress your application.
When we process personal information to meet our legitimate interests, we put in place robust safeguards to ensure that your privacy is protected and to ensure that our legitimate interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
4. Will we make automated decisions about you?
When you apply for a position through our Careers site, our system asks for confirmation whether you have the right to work in the UK. If you do not, our system will not permit you to proceed with your application.
5. Do we share your information?
We may share your personal information with third parties under the following circumstances:
British Land group companies. We work closely with other businesses and companies that fall under the British Land group family. We may share certain information about you with other British Land group companies for internal reporting and in order to carry out the purposes listed in this notice. A list of companies within the British Land group is published annually in our most recent Annual Report and Accounts. These are available on our website: www.britishland.com.
Law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or other third party. We may share your personal information with these parties where we believe this is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party.
Because we operate as part of a large business, the recipients referred to above may be located outside the jurisdiction in which you are located (or in which we provide the services). See "Do we transfer your information to other countries" below for more information.
6. Do we transfer your information to other countries?
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country that is not regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for personal information under European Union law / by the European Commission. Where this is the case we have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to ensure that your data is adequately protected. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at the details below.
7. How long do we keep your information?
We will keep your personal information for as long as we have a relationship with you. Once our relationship with you has come to an end, we will retain your personal information for a period of time that enables us to:
Maintain business records for analysis and/or audit purposes or risk management purposes.
Comply with our business record retention requirements.
Defend or bring any existing or potential legal claims.
Deal with any outstanding obligations that we have to you e.g. which relate to a pension or share scheme.
We will delete your personal information when it is no longer required for these purposes. If there is any information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further processing or use of the data.
8. How do we keep your information secure?
We implement technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal information we process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the on-going integrity and confidentiality of personal information. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis to ensure the security of the processing.
9. What are your rights?
You have certain rights regarding your personal information. These include the following rights to:
Access your personal information.
Rectify the information we hold about you.
Erase your personal information.
Restrict our use of your personal information.
Object to our use of your personal information.
Receive your personal information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (right to data portability).
Lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
These rights are not automatic and depend on our exact relationship with you, the personal data involved and the lawful basis upon which we process your personal data. If you’d like to exercise your rights, you can use this Form. We’ll contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honour your request.
We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate.
10. Contact Us
The British Land Company PLC is the controller responsible for the personal information we collect and process (save in circumstances where we specify otherwise).
If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your personal information has been used, or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, please contact data.privacy@britishland.com.
We’re committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority of the United Kingdom using their website https://ico.org.uk/.
11. Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice is effective from and including 30 January 2019. We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time so please check it regularly.
Related links
Governance
Financial Calendar
Sustainability
Board of Directors
Share price tools
Close popup
Left
Right