http://www.paradisetomato.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
Paradise Tomato Kitchens, Inc.
1500 Brook Street
Louisville, Kentucky 40208
Last updated November 2, 2012
Your privacy is very important to us.  This privacy
policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to this website.  The purpose of
this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you (the “User”) what information We may
collect, how Paradise Tomato Kitchens, Inc. (“Paradise”) may collect it, with
whom We may share it, and certain other matters related to such information,
including the choices you have regarding Our collection of information and Our
use and disclosure to other parties of information We may have collected from
you.  The terms “We,” “Us,” “Our,” and “Paradise” refer to Paradise Tomato
Kitchens, Inc., a Kentucky corporation.
The website is operated by Paradise.  We have
contracted with third parties, including, without limitation, Ignite
Communications and MarCo Technology Consulting Inc., to operate certain aspects
of the website on Our behalf.
We own the information collected via the website and We
may use it for Our own purposes, including, but not limited to, marketing.
When this Privacy Policy uses the term “personally
identifiable information” or “personal information,” We mean information that
identifies a particular individual, such as your name, email address or other
contact information which you have elected to provide to Us. When other
information is associated with personal information, it may also become
personally identifiable information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
1.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF, AND
CHANGES TO, THE PRIVACY POLICY
By using the website, you signify your agreement to the
terms of this Privacy Policy. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If
We make a material change to the way in which We collect, use and/or share your
personal information, We will post a notice on the website. We will assume that
you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms
of the Privacy Policy, as modified, if you continue to use the website thirty
(30) days after a notice is posted. Please note that you should always update
your personal information to provide Us with a current email address.
2.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
Information You Provide US
In the course of using the website, you may choose to
provide Us with certain personal information, including your name and an email
address.  Paradise solicits only the User’s name and email address and
provides the User the ability to send Paradise a message, which message may
contain additional personal information in the sole discretion of the User.
Information We Receive or Collect When You Access Our
Website on a Mobile Device
If you access Our website on your mobile telephone or
other mobile device, including iPads and tablets, We may collect your mobile device
identifier and IP Address. We may create and assign to your device an
identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you
have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country and
any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name,
geo-location or e-mail address.
Email Communications
When you open emails from Us, We may receive a
confirmation notifying Us that you opened the email. We also may keep track of
what emails We send you and what emails you may be receiving from Our
affiliates.
Website Usage Information
We may receive and store certain types of internet usage
information whenever you visit the website, such as your click-stream data and
your IP address.  See “IP Addresses and Click Stream Data” section below.
3.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We may collect information from you in several different
areas on the website, including but not limited to those described below:
Contact Form
You may complete a form and provide personally
identifiable information.  Your decision to provide such personal
information is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or
not to disclose information to Us and what communications you would like to
receive; however, please be advised that in order to received communications
from Paradise you will be required to provide certain personally identifiable
information.
Cookies
As with many websites, the website uses a technology
called “cookies.” A cookie is a collection of information that gets stored on
the hard drive of your computer when browsing the Internet. These small bits of
code automatically identify your browser to the website whenever your computer
is used to visit the website. Cookies also let Us know how many people visit the
website and where visitors go on the website, as well as non-personally
identifiable information, like how many times a user has been on certain pages.
By tracking how and when you use the website, cookies help Us determine
which areas are popular and which are not.  Improvements and updates to
the website may be based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies
allows you, among other things, to personalize your experience on the website.
Cookies may also allow the website to present to you advertising which may be
of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of
cookies, your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or
delete cookie data at any time. Some areas of the website, however, may not provide
you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies.
Flash LSOs
We may use local shared objects, also known as Flash
cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or display content
based upon what you view on Our site to personalize your visit. Flash cookies
are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how
data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not
remove Flash cookies. To learn more about and how to manage settings for Flash
cookies, you can visit adobe.com.  Disabling cookies may affect features
or functionality of the website.
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technology
The website may use a variety of technical methods for
tracking purposes, including Web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data
that are embedded in images on the pages of websites. We also may use these
technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on the website, such as the
frequency with which Our users visit various parts of the website. These
technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly
to Us or to another party authorized by Us to collect information on Our
behalf. We also may use these technical methods in HTML emails that We send to
determine whether the recipients have opened those emails and/or clicked on
links in those emails. The information from use of these technical methods may
be collected in a form that is personally identifiable.
IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data
We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data. An
IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the
Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider) or your company. Standing
alone, your IP address is not generally personally identifiable. At times, We may
also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report
aggregate information to Our advertisers and sponsors, for example regarding
the frequency with which Our guests visit various parts of the website. We may
combine this information with personally identifiable information We obtain
from you directly on the website.
Click-stream data is information that may be collected by
Our computers when you request pages from the website.  Click-stream data
may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the
request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and
other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps Us analyze
how visitors arrive at the website, what type of content is most popular, what
type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content
and advertising, and the like.
4.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
COLLECTED
We own the information collected on or through the
website. As applicable, the information you provide to Us may be used to:
Contact you, by email or via other personal information as provided to Us by you, if you have indicated that you would like a representative of Paradise to contact you;
contact you about the website, technical support or inquiries;
provide you with services or information you have requested or products or services you have ordered;
monitor or improve the use of the website or solicit input and feedback;
deliver, customize and target the advertising and content you see; and
send you promotional material or special offers.
5.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share your personal information with third
parties, except as provided below:
Affiliates:  We may share your personal information
(including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) with
related entities to Paradise, including, without limitation, Ignite
Communications and MarCo Technology Consulting Inc.
Business Transfers:  In the event that Our assets are
sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which
your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets
transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected
and saved may be one of the business assets We transfer. You will be notified
of such a transfer in accordance with the “Changes to the Policy” section.
Administrative or Legal Process:  We or others may
disclose your personal information to third parties without notice to you in
order to comply with applicable law, law enforcement agencies, to protect Our
or third parties’ rights, or to protect the rights of other users of the
website.
6.
LINKS TO
OTHER WEBSITES
You should be aware that when you are on the website you
could be directed to other websites beyond Our control. These other websites
may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit
personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy
policies. If you visit a website that is linked to Our website, you should
consult that website's privacy policy before providing any personal
information.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other websites.
7.
SECURITY
The website incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect
the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal
information that We may collect and We have put into place reasonable
precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration.
Only those employees and those of our third party website operators who need access
to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access.  Our
security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.
8.
DATA
RETENTION
We, through Our third party website operators, will
retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services. If you
wish to cancel your account or request that We no longer use your information
to provide you services contact Us here.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with Our legal
obligations, resolve disputes and enforce Our agreements.
Paradise, through Our third party website operators,
stores information about website visitors, in a database that is protected by a
private, secured website.  By submitting your personal data, you agree to
this transfer, storing or processing.
9.
CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION; OPT-OUT
If your personally identifiable information changes, or
if you no longer desire to be contacted by Us, We will endeavor to provide a
way to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to Us. You
may request that We do so by emailing Us here and
requesting the desired changes, via telephone at (502) 637-1700, or via regular
mail to:
Paradise Tomato Kitchens, Inc.
1500 South Brook St.
Louisville, KY 40208
Attn:
Legal Counsel
We will respond to your request as promptly as possible.
Be advised, however, that opting out will affect email communications
only.  You may receive or continue to receive paper mailings from Us.
10.
POLICIES CONCERNING CHILDREN
The website is not intended for children. And we do not
knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of
18.  Children under the age of 18 should not use the website.  In the
event that We learn that We have inadvertently gathered personal information
from a child under the age of 16, We will take reasonable measures to promptly
erase such information from Our records.
11.
YOUR
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers
of the website who are California residents to request certain information
regarding Our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their
direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please
send an email to Us here, call us at
(502) 637-1700 or write Us at:
Paradise Tomato Kitchens, Inc.
1500 South Brook St.
Louisville, KY 40208
Attn: Legal Counsel
12.
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY
POLICY
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or
the privacy practices of this website, please
contact Us here, call us at
(502) 637-1700 or by mail to:
Paradise Tomato Kitchens, Inc.
1500 South Brook St.
Louisville, KY 40208
Attn: Legal Counsel
Home
About Us
Sauces
Back
Chains
Back
Exceptional Chain Restaurant Sauces
Tomato Based Sauces
Hot Sauces
Ethnic Sauces
BBQ Sauces
Ragin’ Red
Industrial
Back
Versatile Industrial Sauces
Hot Sauces
Ethnic Sauces
BBQ Sauces
Tomato Based Sauces
Custom Sauces for Industrial Use
Hot and Chile Based Sauces
Innovation
Back
Culinary Innovation
Trends
Careers
Contact
Blog
Newsletter Signup
COVID-19 UPDATE