http://www.in-safe-hands.co.uk/index.php/data-protection-policy/privacy-notice/
In Safe Hands
Sleep and Behaviour Support & Advice
Contact us
07885 724662
julie@in-safe-hands.co.uk
Home
About
Services
References
Articles
Make a booking
Contact me
Privacy Notice
I take your privacy seriously, and in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation, I will commit to the following,
I will be asking you for personal data about you and your child/ren in order to deliver a Sleep Support service to you. I must have a legal basis for collecting this data, and there are six lawful bases:
(a) Consent:The individual has given clear consent for you to process their personal data for a specific purpose.
(b) Contract:The processing is necessary for a contract you have with the individual, or because they have asked you to take specific steps before entering into a contract.
(c) Legal obligation:The processing is necessary for you to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations).
(d) Vital interests:The processing is necessary to protect someone’s life.
(e) Public task:The processing is necessary for you to perform a task in the public interest or for your official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law.
(f) Legitimate interests:The processing is necessary for your legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests. (This cannot apply if you are a public authority processing data to perform your official tasks.)
I will be processing your data on the following bases:
(a) Consent(b) Contract(c) Legitimate Interests
Where I require consent, I will provide a way for you to positively make a decision about the information that you make available and how this is shared.
Through the Information you agree to share with me on my Pre-Consultation Forms, Email communication, Logs and Review Calls. This information will be used to write and update your Personal Plans from the point of Receipt from clients, including the Consultation and Follow on Support Period. Each amendment made to the plan will be resent in its entirety to you.
By providing the Information and booking a Support Service you are agreeing to opt in to the service and correspondence relating to the service.
This information will be collected by myself, Julie Heginbottom as part of the initial preparation for the Consultation and through the Consultation and Follow on period.. I will be asking for this data in an email prior to the Consultation whether this be face to face or Telephone. I will ask for this information at regular intervals to ensure it is up to date. I will do this by asking you to complete and return the review section on your Way Forward Plan.
The information that I will require includes
Child’s name
Child’s date of birth
Child’s age
Child’s address
Parents’ names, addresses, contact numbers
Who has parental responsibility for child
Child’s doctor’s name and contact number
Health clinic/health visitor
Any allergies/medical history/ requirements
Whether the child has any special educational needs or disabilities
Ethnic group
Religion
Home language
To enable me to assess and provide suggestions in order that we can work towards your Aims and Objectives as identified by yourself I will also require:
Information relating to your baby or child’s diet and food/milk intake
Sleep Logs
Information relating to your family routine and lifestyle
Information relating to implementing the personal plan and progress and challenges feedback
Information on your own Parenting style
Types of other childcare which may being accessed
I will only use data for the purpose of which it was initially obtained. I will not market a product or service which is unconnected to the purpose for which the data was initially shared. I will only collect data which is necessary.
I will not use Photographs on Facebook or other Social Media including my own Website without written consent and permission of parents.
I am required to hold and use this personal data in order to comply with the statutory framework of England/Wales, United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, Children’s Act 1989
support your child’s development and well-being
ensure a contract of service is delivered and maintained
With your permission this data may be, when necessary, shared with:
Other professionals supporting your child, for example health visitor, pre-school, nursery, school, other health or education professional
The local safeguarding children’s board or Social Services Referral and Assessment Team if I ever have any concerns about the safety of your child.
If you want to see a copy of the information I hold and share about you or your child then please contact Julie Heginbottom. (Tel 07885724662/ insafehandsoffice@gmail.com I am required by law to keep some information about your child for a period of time after a family has finished their support period. I will keep a record of this and dispose securely at the correct time.  If you request that your information may be deleted following the support period I will require this in an email   Please see my data protection policy for further information on data sharing, safe storage and your rights to access your data.
Locations & Contact Details
Julie is based on Great Yarmouth. She currently covers the whole of the UK and also works with clients overseas in person or by Skype.
Telephone: 07885 724662
Email: insafehandsoffice@gmail.com
Privacy and Data Protection policies
Data gathering and protection Policy
Privacy Notice
Affiliated to
©
2020 In Safe Hands
Design by recantha
Powered by Concrete 5
Login