https://www.nsaspeaker.org/privacy
The National Speakers Association (“NSA”) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its Web site. NSA strongly believes that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, NSA has implemented this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) which outlines the collection, use and storage of data.  This Policy governs all forms of Personal Data collected by NSA whether electronic, written or oral.  By using the NSA website or providing your information to us, you consent to the data practices described in this Policy.
What Information Does NSA Collect?
We collect a variety of information when you visit our website and engage with our service.
Personal Data identifies you as an individual or is information that can be linked to you as an individual (“Personal Data”).
Most data NSA collects is used only to help us better serve our members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will place the updated policies on the Web site.
From General Users. NSA does collect Personal Data from users browsing its Web site. We collect and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our website, track user movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
From NSA’s Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on NSAspeaker.org, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. NSA asks users to provide such Personal Data as their name, mailing address, organization name, business phone, and e-mail. Similar information may be submitted to NSA through membership applications, conference or seminar registration, publication orders, subscriptions, and contest registrations. Additionally, for some e-mails sent in HTML format by NSA to its members through its listservs and electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those emails, NSA will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: email address of a user, the date and time of the user’s “click,” a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. NSA only uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner, except as otherwise provided in this Policy.
How Does NSA Use Data Collected?
NSA uses Personal Data voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
NSA Member Services and Products. Generally, NSA and its direct subsidiaries use data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors’ interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. NSA also makes member contact information available through the NSA Membership Directory to other members using its Web site and to those who register for its conferences. In addition, NSA may incorporates information users provide into hard copies of the Membership Directory that it provides to members upon request.
NSA may share your Personal Data with affiliates and regional chapters, including chapter leaders and personnel.  We may also share your Personal Data with the NSA Foundation, and research organizations hired to conduct research on behalf of NSA.  Finally, we may share your Personal Data with volunteers who may contact you for event promotion purposes.
On occasion, NSA may also provide limited data to third parties that offer products and services. These limited data include names, job titles, companies and business addresses, but do not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers or e-mail addresses. Users may request NSA refrain from disclosing the data it collects to third parties on the membership application form, conference registration form or any other form on which they are providing information; an opt-out box will appear on each form on which a user provides information. Alternatively, users may contact NSA at memberservices@NSAspeaker.org or 480-968-2552 to express their preferences if they determine later that they do not wish to have the information shared.
NSA reserves the right to retain and disclose without notice any information in its possession if required to do so by law, to protect or defend NSA’s rights or property, or to respond to an emergency.
Credit Card Account Information. NSA does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, NSA submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
How Does NSA Use Cookies?
Many of our pages use “cookies.” Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. We use cookies to improve and enhance your experience on our site. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering or signing up to receive news, updates and information on becoming a member. Once you choose to provide a web page with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie is like an identification card. It is unique to your computer and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.
Cookies help us to be more efficient. We have three categories of cookies on our site:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around National Speakers Association and use its features.
Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used National Speakers Association, for example Google Analytics, which is used to track basic user behavior on the site so that we can try and improve our user’s experience.
Marketing Cookies. These cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
The amount of time a cookie stays on your device is variable: the majority of cookies expire after the end of your browsing session. Others last longer.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through browser settings. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. If you want to control which cookies you accept, you can configure your browser to accept all cookies or to alert you every time a cookie is offered by a website’s server. You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser. You may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies.
Please be aware that if you do not configure your browser, you will accept cookies provided by this website.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites?
This Web site contains links to other web sites. NSA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.  Also, links to other sites do not imply NSA’s endorsement of the products or services, or privacy or security practices of those websites.
Rights of European Residents
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your Personal Data.
You have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. This enables you to receive a copy of your Personal Data and to verify that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your Personal Data. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request that Personal Data we hold about you is deleted.
Object to processing of your Personal Data. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data. Where technically feasible, we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Withdraw your consent.  However, if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
How You Can Access and Change Information
NSA acknowledges that you have the right to access your Personal Data. In case you request us to access your data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Data.  You can update or correct your Personal Data or in some instances, remove it from our system by making a request to us at the contact information provided below.  Requests typically receive a response within thirty (30) days. If access cannot be provided within that time frame, we will provide the requesting party with an estimated date by which the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation of why access has been denied.
Our Security Measures to Protect Your Personal Data
We are committed to taking reasonable efforts to secure the information that you choose to provide us, and we use a variety of security procedures to help protect against unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Personal Data. We restrict access to Personal Data to our employees, contractors and servicers who need to know the information to operate, develop, or improve our services.
Unfortunately, no transmission of Personal Data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Accordingly, and despite our efforts, NSA cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online services.  NSA has no responsibility or liability for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. If you have questions about this Policy or the security of your Personal Data, please contact us as indicated under the “Contact Us” section below.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Modifications
We may amend this Policy from time to time without prior notice.  If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on our home page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it, so please review it periodically.
Your continued use of our website will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please contact as at:
Phone: 480-968-2552
Email: memberservices@NSAspeaker.org
Type and Press “enter” to Search
We use cookies to deliver safer, faster, and the best experience possible. By continuing on the site, you consent to the use of cookies. settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes