https://www.judge.com/about/corporate-policies/#collapse1
Loading
x
Your search results for
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
Corporate Policies
Home » About Us » Corporate Policies
Supplier Diversity
Our best-in-class program supports our clients’ commitments to diversity and disadvantaged business partners with 350+ vendors including Minority, Woman-Owned, and Disadvantaged Business Enterprises.
To find out whether your company qualifies as a small business concern and to discover the many benefits of being a certified small business, please visit the Small Business Administration website at www.sba.gov. If your firm is interested in partnering with Judge as part of the Diversity Supplier Program, please fill the following information:
Invalid Phone Number
Classification
Minority owned business enterprise
Disadvantaged business enterprise
Woman owned business enterprise
GDPR Compliance
The Judge Group is an active member of the EU-US Privacy Shield for HR and non-HR data and is fully compliant with GDPR. Judge has strict data controls in-place to insure to all personal data is collected with consent of the individual and is treated securely. By self-certifying to Privacy Shield, The Judge Group has publicly committed to maintaining a limited scope collection of personally identifiable data and pledges to use such data only as described on the Privacy Shield website.
Click here to view The Judge Group’s listing on the Privacy Shield Website.
Cybersecurity Policy
The Judge Group is committed to protecting your data and intellectual property. All Judge employees and contractors are held to the highest security standards and undergo a rigorous cybersecurity training program. All contractors are reminded that they are obligated to treat client data with the utmost care and due diligence. This is clearly communicated upfront and regularly throughout employment.
Some of the ways Judge is working with its employees and contractors to ensure the highest standards of cybersecurity:
In-depth, multiple module training
Ongoing education
A commitment to best practices from employees and contractors
Clear communication of policies and expectations
Reinforcing policy through workplace messaging and materials
CCPA Policy
This CCPA Privacy Statement applies solely to California residents who visit, use, and interact with our services, products and Website and supplements the information contained in our primary Privacy Policy.  We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. The purpose of this notice is to provide you with a comprehensive description of our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure and Sale of your Personal Information. It further provides you with information as to how to contact us to review, correct or delete your Personal Information.
California Privacy Rights.
(1) Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold.
You have the right to request that we advise you what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell that belongs to you.
You may submit a verifiable consumer request to obtain the specific Personal Information we have collected about you by emailing us at privacyofficer@judge.com. We will verify your request by checking the information we hold against what has been submitted.
As set forth in our primary Privacy Policy, we collect several types of information about you when you visit and use our Website; examples include Personal Information, demographic information, behavioral information, and indirect information. Sometimes we collect combinations of these types of information.
Personal Information has been collected from the following categories of sources.
Information collected directly and indirectly from your activity on our website and your interactions or communications with us. This includes the Personal Information provided by you in connection with signing up for our Newsletter or obtaining a certain product or service offered by us or one our network providers or advertisers.
Information you provide us through any telephone and web-based surveys, customer service correspondence, and general feedback.
Information we received directly or indirectly from our clients or their agents in the course of providing services to you and others.
Analytics companies who provide demographic information such as gender, zip code, or any information that is not tied to your Personal Information. In addition, we may receive information about you from other online or offline sources, including third-parties from whom we validate consumer self-reported information, and verify information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
We also collect information provided by Service Providers and other third-parties as set out in our main Privacy Policy, and third-party technology companies.
We have disclosed, shared and/or received compensation for our disclosure of Personal Information for the following commercial purposes in the preceding 12 months:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or resolve consumer concerns or request to opt-out of marketing.
To provide you with notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To improve our website, products and services, and present its contents to you including testing, research, analysis and product development.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, platforms as well as products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
To respond to government or law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our business or assets.
As described to you when collecting your Personal Information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
We have disclosed Personal Information to the following categories of third-parties:
Our affiliated entities.
Our service providers.
Third-parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your Personal Information in connection with products or services we and/or third-parties provide to you.
We do not knowingly collect, distribute, share or sell the Personal Information of anyone under the age of 16.
(2) Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information.
You have a right to request the deletion of your Personal Information if we have collected or maintained it in the past 12 months.
You may submit a verifiable consumer request to delete your information using by emailing us at privacyofficer@judge.com. We will verify your request by checking the information we hold against what has been submitted.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the following:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third-parties with whom we shared that Personal Information.
(3) Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information.
You can unsubscribe from receiving our e-mails at any time. You can unsubscribe by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of our emails and following the instructions. You can also unsubscribe by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link on this site and following the instructions or by sending us a message to contact@idropnews.com. You may also contact us by telephone by using the following toll-free number, 800-650-0035.
If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising from third party vendors and supporting advertisers on our Website, you may opt-out of such targerted advertising by visiting the DAA Opt-Out Page. Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of targeted advertising, you will still see advertisements while you’re browsing online, including this Website. However, the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests. Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive. The DAA Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies.
(4) Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of these privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. As such, we will not deny you goods or services, charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, or deny you discounts or other benefits; nor will we provide you a different level or quality of goods or services or recommend a different level or quality of goods or services.
(5) Authorized Agent.
Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. Please contact us at privacyofficer@judge.com to designate an authorized agent.
(6) Contact Us.
Contact us for more information or with any questions by emailing us at privacyofficer@judge.com.
(7) Limitations on Requests.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access twice within a twelve (12) month period. The verifiable consumer request must: (a) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or your authorized agent; (b) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to you; (c) we cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you; (d) making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
(8) Response Time and Response Format.
We make every effort to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We will provide our response in a manner that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance to you.
(9) Changes to this CCPA Privacy Statement.
We reserve the right to amend this privacy statement at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy statement, we will enforce the terms of the new policy going forward. You will receive no other notice than an updated posting on this page. Please check back each time you enter our Website.
(10) Changes to this CCPA Privacy Statement.
We reserve the right to amend this privacy statement at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy statement, we will enforce the terms of the new policy going forward. You will receive no other notice than an updated posting on this page. Please check back each time you enter our Website.
A plain text file version of this notice is available here for persons with disabilities or to be printed out as a separate document.
Anti-Bribery Policy
It is our policy to conduct all of our business in an honest and ethical manner. We take a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption, and we are committed to acting professionally, fairly and with integrity. In all our relationships and business dealings wherever we operate, we have and enforce effective systems to counter bribery. Acts of bribery or corruption are designed to influence an individual in the performance of their duty and incline them to act in a way that a reasonable person would consider to be dishonest in the circumstances.
Bribery can be defined as offering, promising or giving a financial (or other) advantage to another person with the intention of inducing or rewarding that person to act or for having acted in a way which a reasonable person would consider improper in the circumstances. Corruption is any form of abuse of entrusted power for private gain and may include, but is not limited to, bribery.
Bribes are not always a matter of handing over cash. Gifts, entertainment, and other benefits can be bribes if they are intended to influence a decision.
It is not acceptable for Judge employees (or someone on their behalf) to:
(a) give, promise to give, or offer, a payment, gift, entertainment, or other benefit with the expectation or hope that a business advantage will be received, or to reward a business advantage already given;
(b) give, promise to give, or offer, a payment, gift, entertainment, or other benefit to a government official, agent or representative to “facilitate” or expedite a routine procedure;
(c) accept payment from a third party that you know or suspect is offered with the expectation that it will obtain a business advantage for them;
(d) accept a gift, entertainment, or other benefit from a third party if you know or suspect that it is offered or provided with an expectation that a business advantage will be provided by us in return;
(e) threaten or retaliate against another worker who has refused to commit a bribery offense or who has raised concerns under this policy; or
(f) engage in any activity that might lead to a breach of this policy. Judge employees are encouraged to raise concerns about any issue or suspicion of malpractice at the earliest possible stage, in accordance with this Policy. If you are unsure whether a particular act constitutes bribery or corruption, or if you have any other queries, these should be raised with the Chief Operating Officer of The Judge Group, Inc.
Join OurWinning Team
We are always looking to add talented professionals to our team. Advance your career with Judge.
Apply Now
Let’s Continue the
Conversation.
Tell us how we can help you and we’ll be in touch soon.
How can we help?
Tell us who you are
I represent a business
I am a current contractor / employee
I represent a supplier
Tell us your area of interest
I am interested in hiring a temporary worker or contractor
I am interested in hiring full time employees
I am interested in buying consulting or project based services
I am interested in learning solutions
I am interested in outsourcing solutions
Other
I have a time sheet / log in question
I have a payroll / tax question
Other
I would like to do business with Judge
I am currently doing business with Judge and have a question
Please enter a valid email address.
Invalid Phone Number
Please check the box to prove that you are not a robot.
(800) 360-4474
|
Email Us
|About Us
|Contact Us
|Careers
|Locations
|Blogs
|Timesheets
Privacy & Cookies Policy
|
CCPA
|
Sitemap
| Copyright © 2020 The Judge Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site usage and performance. By clicking
ACCEPT or continuing to
use this site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. If you are a resident of California, we have updated our
Privacy Policies to include additional rights afforded by the California Consumer Privacy Act,
click here to
read how we handle your personal information. To find out more visit our Privacy & Cookies policy.