http://www.vikingair.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
IntroductionThis privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.vikingair.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be sharedWhat choices are available to you regarding the use of your dataThe security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your informationHow you can correct any inaccuracies in the informationInformation Collection, Use, and SharingViking Air Ltd. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.If you opt-in to receive further emails form Viking, we may contact you in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. If you reside in Canada or the EU, you will need to use the opt-in form on our website to receive further communication from Viking Air Ltd.What personal information does Viking collect?Viking will collect personal information for the purposes we have identified and those that are reasonable in the circumstances. Viking collects personal information solely for purposes related to its business and does not sell, lease or give information to others.When products or services are provided by Viking we must collect certain kinds of information for the processing of payment, warranty reasons and other forms of customer support.Specifically, Viking collects the customer’s name, company name, phone number, email and country for the purposes of contacting you should the service require it.Why does Viking collect personal information?Viking collects personal information primarily for the following purposes:to execute customer orders or service requests;to better understand customer needs and preferences;to develop, enhance or market products and services;to monitor, manage, develop and optimize the Viking web site; andto manage and develop Viking’s business and operations, including personnel and employment matters.Viking employees may specify the purpose, or purposes, orally, electronically or in writing, depending on how the information is collected. In situations where the reason for the collection of personal information is obvious, Viking may not specify the reason. If the reason for the collection of the information is not specified, the information will only be used for the obvious reason.Who does Viking disclose my personal information to?Viking only discloses information to parties that customers have consented to explicitly or implicitly prior to the disclosure. When information must be disclosed for a transaction to be accomplished, and the reason for the disclosure is not obvious, Viking will inform customers that disclosure of their personal information will occur. In situations where it is obvious that third parties will require personal information for the transaction to occur, consent to disclose will be implied.We may also disclose personal information to:a person when in Viking’s reasonable judgment disclosure is clearly in the interests of the individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way;a company or individual engaged by us to perform functions on Viking’s behalf, such as third party service providers;a credit reporting agency;the disclosure is necessary in order to collect a debt owed to Viking or for Viking to repay an individual money owed to them by Viking;a public authority or agent of a public authority, if in Viking’s reasonable judgment it appears that there is imminent danger to life or property which could be avoided or minimized by disclosure of the information; ora third party or parties, where the person concerned consents to such disclosure or as required or authorized by law.How does Viking collect personal information?Viking will try to collect personal information from customers directly unless otherwise authorized by the customer or by law.When products or services are provided by Viking employees will ask for the required personal information. The information will be explicitly requested. Customers can refuse to provide this information if they choose. However, it may not be possible for customers to receive a product or service without disclosure of some personal information. If the customer is unable to receive the product or service because of their choice to not disclose personal information, the reason for the necessity of the personal information will be explained.The Viking web site (www.vikingair.com) collects information about the operating systems, browsers, length of visit and products viewed. This information is collected and used for the improvement of the web site. Viking also uses “cookies” to track repeat visitors to the web site. The ability to track repeat visitors allows us to tailor the web site to the needs of that visitor. The information is not used for any purpose other than to make the visit more enjoyable for the customer.How does Viking protect my personal information?Viking will be diligent in protecting personal information in our control against risks of loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity and format of the information.Security measures include:minimum access by employees to customer information;data storage with passwords;destruction of all personal information when no longer required;destruction of all unnecessary documents; andthe removal of sensitive customer debit and credit card information whenever it is not necessary to facilitate the transaction.How can customers access their personal information?Upon written notice from a customer setting forth reasonable proof of their identity, Viking will, within 30 days, provide access to the customer’s personal information in our possession. Viking will advise customers what the information is being used for and to whom it has been disclosed. Viking will notify individuals who request access to their information of the expected fee, if any, for the production of the requested information. A minimal fee may be charged for the production of requested information. Viking employees must make every reasonable effort to comply with requests and to respond to each applicant as accurately and completely as reasonably possible.If Viking refuses a customer’s request for information, then the customer will be informed of the reasons for the rejection, the relevant provision of any applicable legislation and resources for redress available.Does Viking require my consent to collect, use or disclose my personal information?Viking requires customer consent to collect, use or disclose personal information. In a limited number of cases consent to collect and use customers’ personal information will be implied. For example, the “What’s Your Mission” form requires customers to disclose their name and email address so the service can be delivered.Subject to contractual provisions that require otherwise, customers may withdraw or refuse consent for the collection, use or dissemination of personal information. For Viking to comply with such requests it is necessary that Viking is given reasonable notice of the request. Should there be any consequences to the withdrawal of consent, customers will be made aware of those consequences.You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if anyChange/correct any data we have about youHave us delete any data we have about youExpress any concern you have about our use of your dataSecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information , that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (customer service, for example) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.CookiesWe use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. We may use these cookies for Google AdWords Advertising Features and/or Google Analytics Advertising Features as well as other search engine and display network advertising, including remarketing, to display advertising on third-party websites. To opt-out of this tracking through Google, please see the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policy of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Surveys & ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as postal code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.ComplaintIn the event a customer has a privacy related complaint, Viking employees will refer the customer to contact the Information Officer of Viking Air Ltd. Complaints can be filed in writing or orally with the designated contact person. A complaint must clearly state the reason for the complaint and contain complete particulars of the customer’s contact information.Viking will acknowledge receipt of the complaint, investigate the complaint and notify the customer of the outcome, including any relevant steps taken.If a complaint has not been resolved to the customer’s satisfaction they may ask for a review of the decision, or seek redress with the applicable Privacy Commissioner.Disclosure to Law EnforcementWe may disclose any subscriber information to law enforcement agencies without further consent or notification to the subscriber upon lawful request from such agencies. We will cooperate fully with law enforcement agencies.ChangesViking reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time to ensure that it is kept up to date with any changes to business practices or changes to applicable law. Any changes to our privacy policy will be placed here and will supersede the previous version of our privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our privacy policy. However, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact the Information Officer of Viking Air Ltd.Contact DetailsFor any complaints, concerns or questions in relation to this privacy policy or the privacy of information at Viking Air Ltd., or to request a copy our privacy policy, please contact the Information Officer of Viking Air Ltd. at the following details:info@vikingair.comLast updated May 2018. About UsViking Air Ltd. is the global leader in utility aircraft services and manufacturer of Series 400 and Guardian 400 Twin Otter aircraft.  Winner of the James C. Floyd award for outstanding contributions to Canadian aerospace, Viking celebrates its 50th anniversary in 2020. Viking is the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and Type Certificate holder for all out-of-production De Havilland Canada aircraft and the Canadair Amphibious Aerial Firefighting aircraft fleet.  Longview Aviation Capital, through its subsidiaries, holds the Type Certificates for the entire original product line of the De Havilland Aircraft of Canada Company. Together these companies continue to make strides in manufacturing and modernizing versatile, fuel efficient and environmentally responsible turboprop aircraft for use around the world. Stay in touch  Find a sales contact  Tell us your Twin Otter storyViking Media CentreGiftshop CatalogueViking Air Ltd1959 de Havilland Way,Sidney, British ColumbiaCanada V8L 5V5Toll Free: 1.800.663.8444Contact Info© Viking Air Ltd. All rights reserved.Footer MenuCopyrightCreditsFeedbackTerms of UseEmail CommunicationCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyClose TranslateContact SearchWhat would you use your Viking aircraft for?
DisclaimerGoogle Translate is provided as a free tool to enhance the usability of the Viking Air website. As such, Viking is not responsible for Google Translate™.