http://www.americanlock.com/privacy-policy
We use cookies on this website. We use these cookies to enhance your user experience, improve the quality of our site, and to show you marketing that is more likely to be relevant to your interests. We also allow third parties, including our advertising partners, to place cookies on our websites. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the placement and use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy. If you would like to disable the use of all cookies, including those placed by advertisers, please use your browser’s settings to reject cookies on this site.
AcceptAccept
One lock that does more
A3650 Series Multi-Cylinder Padlock
Accepts 9 door and padlock cylinders
Quickly change shackles
Easily convert to key-retaining
4 shackle lengths
Learn More
Watch Videos
Solid Protection. Solid Reputation.
American Lock® is the premiere brand in The Master Lock Company's portfolio of brands. We provide high quality, customizable solutions that instill the confidence commercial and industrial professionals require to manage their security and safety needs.
Started in the trade and dedicated to the trade, American Lock strives to honor the work you do by providing solid, dependable security and safety solutions you can trust.
Build Your Lock
Find a Distributor
Connect With Us
Connect with us on social media and subscribe to our newsletter! Keep up-to-date on our latest news, products and events.
Master Lock Security & Safety Solutions on LinkedIn
Master Lock Security & Safety Solutions on Facebook
Master Lock Security & Safety Solutions on Twitter
Sign-up for our Newsletter
Products & Services
See All American Lock Products
Keying & Custom Services
Edge Key Control
American Lock Images
Product Displays
See All Commercial Security Products
Product Literature
Product Catalog
Price List
Service Manual
Showroom Poster
A3650 Series Ad
Mobile navigation
Home & Personal
Home & Personal Home
All Products
Access Software
Electronic Products
Around the Home
School, Gym & Health Club
Bike
Travel
Vehicle
Safes & Lock Boxes
Business & Industry
Business & Industry Home
All Products
Access Software
Electronic Products
Commercial Security
School, Health & Recreation
Door Hardware
Safety Solutions
Government
Service & Support
Where to Buy
Contact Us