http://www.principal.com/terms-of-use
Skip to Content
Terms of Use
I. IntroductionThese Terms of Use govern your access and use of the websites, including wireless services or systems ("websites") of the Principal Financial Group®, its affiliates and subsidiaries (as used here "Principal®" refers to the Principal Financial Group, its affiliates and subsidiaries, jointly and severally). All information accessed or viewed is considered confidential and is for only authorized personal or business purposes.II. Acceptance of TermsThese websites are the property of one or more of the member companies and/or affiliates of the Principal Financial Group, Inc. By linking, referencing, using or accessing websites of Principal, you agree to these Terms and Conditions, including agreeing to indemnify and hold harmless Principal from all claims of any nature arising from your access and use of these websites.These Terms and Conditions may be changed at any time at the sole discretion of Principal. These Terms and Conditions pertain to all websites of Principal, including websites owned, operated or sponsored by any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of Principal.III. Consent to do Business ElectronicallyBy consenting to do business electronically with the Principal Financial Group (or member companies), you agree that:You've read and agree to our disclosures, terms of use and privacy policies.You are who you say you are when logging in and transacting business through our websites.If you are logging in on behalf of your employer, you have the appropriate authority to log in and conduct business electronically on its behalf.This Consent applies to any transactions conducted through our website.You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time by calling 800-986-3343. You will need access to a computer with a current internet browser and an operating system that allows you to save files or print web pages and documents. See hardware and software recommendations below for more information. You may print this Consent and any electronic record or you can contact us to request a paper copy from us for free.You will notify us of changes to your email or mailing address by logging in to the My Profile section or calling 800-986-3343.United States laws and Iowa laws govern our sites and your use of them.Your online activity may be viewed, monitored and recorded to help prevent and detect fraud.If you do not consent, you will not be able to access account information or conduct transactions online.Consent to do Business Electronically (version 8) was updated on July 25, 2015.IV. Secure WebsitesBy using, accessing or attempting to access websites of Principal that require you to log in (these are defined as "secure websites"), you are certifying you are the person legally associated with the username, password, login image and phrase or additional method(s) of authentication being used.Unauthorized access or use or attempts to access or use secure websites of Principal is prohibited and may violate federal and/or state law. Principal may report unauthorized access, use or attempts to access or use to law enforcement.V. Intellectual Property; Link and Logo LicensingThe content found on websites of Principal, including without limitation, the text, graphics, videos, selection and arrangement of information, and page layouts, is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. You may download and print copyrighted materials for your personal non-commercial use only. You may not modify, transmit, or distribute any of the copyrighted materials without the specific written consent of Principal.Trademarks, service marks and logos used on websites of Principal are registered and unregistered trademarks, protected by the laws of the United States and other countries worldwide. Trademarks, service marks and logos used on these websites that have been provided by others are the property of their respective owners. You may not use any of the trademarks, service marks or logos found on these websites without the specific written consent of Principal or their respective owners.If you would like to link to Principal or use its logos on your site, please complete the Link/Logo License Agreement Form.VI. PrivacyAll personal information is subject to the Privacy Policy of Principal. The information for the accounts you have with Principal is kept secure and confidential through multiple security features and procedures. See our online privacy policies and security policies for further information.VII. No Legal or Investment Advice; Calculators/CalculationsWhile this communication may be used to promote or market a transaction or an idea that is discussed in the websites of Principal, it is intended to provide general information about the subject matter covered and is provided with the understanding that Principal is not rendering legal, accounting, or tax advice. It is not a marketed opinion and may not be used to avoid penalties under the Internal Revenue Code. You should consult with appropriate counsel or other advisors on all matters pertaining to legal, tax, or accounting obligations and requirements.This website also contains video and audio files where the comments were valid on the date the files were recorded. Markets move continuously and you should only rely on current information for any investment decisions.Retirement and/or financial calculators/calculations which may be provided within these websites are provided solely for you to estimate hypothetical future financial or retirement status. You are responsible for the accuracy of any estimates and should not rely solely on these calculators. Seek advice from qualified providers before you make any investment or retirement decisions.VIII. Principal Global Investors DisclosuresPrincipal Global Investors leads global asset management at Principal® and includes the asset management operations of the following members of Principal®: Principal Global Investors, LLC; Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC; Principal Enterprise Capital, LLC; Spectrum Asset Management, Inc.; Post Advisory Group, LLC; Columbus Circle Investors; Morley Capital Management Inc.; Finisterre Capital, LLP; Origin Asset Management, LLP; Principal Global Investors (Europe) Limited; Principal Global Investors (Singapore) Ltd.; Principal Global Investors (Australia) Ltd.; Principal Global Investors (Japan) Ltd.; Principal Global Investors (Hong Kong) Ltd., and include assets where we provide model portfolios. Marketing assets under management include certain assets that are managed by Principal International and Retirement and Income Solutions divisions of Principal.Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC is the dedicated real estate group of Principal Global Investors. Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC is a registered investment adviser and a member of the Principal Financial Group. Certain members of Principal Real Estate Investors, LLC previously operated as Principal Capital Management, Principal Capital Real Estate Investors, BT Funds Management or the investment department of Principal Life Insurance Company.IX. Links to Other Sites - Limitation of LiabilityPrincipal may provide, or third parties may provide, for your convenience and information only, links to other websites. Because Principal does not have control over these sites, you agree that Principal is not responsible for any liability resulting from the access or use of sites not owned by Principal and that Principal is not responsible for any content, advertising, product, or any other matter or issue, available online, whether linked to, or from, websites of Principal. Further, you agree that Principal shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused, or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of websites Principal does not own.X. Third Party Applications - Modification ProhibitedPrincipal may provide you with access to third-party applications and services through its websites. You agree not to modify, decompile or reverse engineer any such third party applications, or any code related to such third party applications.XI. Termination and BlockingYou agree that Principal reserves the right to terminate and/or block your use or access of its websites for any reason without prior notice to you.XII. MonitoringPrincipal reserves the right to monitor your access and use of its websites without notification to you. Principal may record or log your use in a manner as set out in
privacy policies.XIII. Hardware and Software RecommendationsYou can access our websites using a current internet browser. If you're on an older browser and are having issues with our site, we suggest you install a more current browser.In addition to using a current browser, you must also be sure certain browser settings are enabled to access our websites.  Cookies must be enabled to access secured areas of the site (such as viewing account information), Javascript must be enabled and stylesheets must be enabled.  Note: by default, all of the above items are enabled when you install a browser.Additional software is needed to view some features on our site, which may include Adobe® Reader, Adobe Flash Player, RealPlayer®, Microsoft®Windows Media® Player, etc. Software installed to prohibit pop-ups or restricted banner ads might interfere with this site and cause you to experience general errors or frozen pages. We recommend that this software be disabled or un-installed before using this site.We recommend using a computer with a Pentium 4+, 1.8+ GHz processor, minimum 256+ MB (megabytes) of RAM (Random Access Memory), at least a 56K Internet connection speed and 40 GB hard disk storage, CD-ROM - 48X, Windows 2000 or XP Operating System, Microsoft Office 2000 (or higher).XIV. Export ControlThe United States controls the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any Material to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading any Material, you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not a person or entity to which such export is prohibited. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of any Material.XV. Limitation of LiabilityYou agree that your access to, and use of, the websites of Principal and the content thereof is at your risk. You agree that under no circumstances shall Principal be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages arising from viruses, worms, trojan horses or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties or our reference, using, accessing, inability to use or access or linking to or from the websites of Principal or any errors or omissions in the content thereof. There are some jurisdictions that do not allow for the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for consequential or incidental damages. Based on this conclusion, the liability of Principal is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.XVI. Governing Law; SeverabilityThese Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Iowa with jurisdiction and venue being in Polk County, Iowa. You agree that your referencing, using or accessing websites of Principal constitutes your acceptance of the jurisdiction of state or federal courts in Polk County, Iowa and that legal action may be brought against, or by, you must be brought in state or federal courts in Polk County, Iowa.In the event any of the provisions of these Terms of Use shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, any such provision determined to be invalid shall not effect the validity of all remaining provisions.XVII. Social Media & Blog CommentingWe welcome comments, opinions and questions. Anything threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or other material that would violate the law will be deleted.We take our customers' security very seriously. We do not respond to any questions that pertain to a specific individual, account, or financial issue.We do not endorse any of the third party content posted on our social media properties, nor do we have any control over it. No part of our social media properties are intended to act as a recommendation, suggestion, or testimonial for any service or product.