https://www.kitozyme.com/en/terms-conditions/
logo
Legal mentions
YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE IS SUBMITTED TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THESE TERMS MAY HAVE CHANGED SINCE YOUR LAST VISIT TO THIS SITE. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.
Site information
This website is published by KitoZyme as a service to the public for general information purposes only. KitoZyme makes all reasonable efforts to provide accurate and current technical and commercial information on this Site. However, there may also be delays, omissions, or inaccuracies in information contained in this Site.
KitoZyme may alter, suspend, or discontinue this Site at any time for any reason, without notice or cost. The Site may become unavailable due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment or other reasons.
Copyright and trademark information
This Site and all the information it contains, or may in the future contain, including, but not to, articles, memoranda, bulletins, reports, press releases, opinions, text, directories, guides, photographs, illustrations, drawings, trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos (collectively, the “Content”), is the property of KitoZyme, its partners, members, and employees, and is protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by National and European copyright law, trademark law, international conventions, and other intellectual property laws. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use this Site or any Content displayed on this Site, through the use of framing or otherwise, without the prior written permission of KitoZyme or such third party that may own the trademark or copyright of material displayed on this Site.
Subject to your full compliance with these terms, KitoZyme authorizes you to view the Content, make a single copy of it, and print that copy, but only for your own lawful, personal, noncommercial use, provided that you maintain all copyright, trademark and other intellectual property notices contained in such Content, and provided that the Content, or any part thereof, is not modified.
Disclaimer of warranties
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, KitoZyme disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Specifically, but without limitation, KitoZyme does not warrant that : (i) the information on this Site is correct, accurate or reliable; (ii) the functions contained on this Site will be uninterrupted or error-free; or (iii) defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Responses to online requests
From time to time, KitoZyme may offer to provide information or materials via email or otherwise to interested persons. KitoZyme reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to reject any requests for such information or materials, or to discontinue the provision of such information or materials to any person, for any reason whatsoever.
Limitations of liability
Under no circumstances shall KitoZyme be liable for any damages, including incidental, special, consequential, exemplary, multiple or other indirect damages or for lost profits or loss of use damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this Site or the information contained on this Site, even if KitoZyme has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall KitoZyme‘s total liability to you for all damages, losses and causes of action, whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise, that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this Site or the information contained on this Site exceed 1 €.
Links to other sites
This Site may contain links to third-party sites. These links are provided to you only as a convenience. Such linked sites are not under the control of KitoZyme and KitoZyme is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, or any link contained in a linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by KitoZyme of the site, and KitoZyme shall have no responsibility for information which is referenced by or linked to this Site.
Submissions to KitoZyme and affiliated servers
Information, including but not limited to remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other submissions, communicated to KitoZyme through this Site does not create a confidential relationship between you and KitoZyme. Any electronic communication between you and KitoZyme will not be privileged or confidential; may be disclosed to other persons; and may not be secure. Therefore, you should not send any email to KitoZyme that contains confidential or sensitive information. Further, all information submitted is the exclusive property of KitoZyme which is entitled to use any information submitted for any purpose, without restriction (except as stated in the Privacy Statement below) or compensation to the person sending the submission. The user acknowledges the originality of any submission communicated to KitoZyme and accepts responsibility for its accuracy, appropriateness, and legality.
Enforcement of terms and conditions
These Terms are governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of Belgium, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. Any disputes arising out of or in relation with this Agreement shall be finally settled under the CEPANI Rules of Arbitration by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with those Rules. The seat of the arbitration shall be Liège and the arbitration shall be conducted in the French language. All decisions of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on both parties and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, KitoZyme shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, security, or other equitable remedies from any court of competent jurisdiction. If any part of these terms is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. KitoZyme may, at its sole discretion and without notice, revise these terms at any time by updating this posting.
Entire agreement
This is the entire Agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing signed by both parties or by a new posting by KitoZyme, as described above.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience.
Close the panel concerning cookie usage on this website
By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. For more information, check out our privacy policy