http://www.claypaky.it/en/company/privacy-policy
OSRAM
|
ADB
|
SPECIAL OFFERS
|
Compliance_Modello L 231
|
job opportunities
|
Italiano
home
company
about us
history
showroom
team
awards
partners
legal notices
intellectual property
news
entertainment
architectural
products
entertainment
architectural
customer care
sales network
promo
advertising
catalogues & brochures
multimedia
exhibitions
screensaver & wallpaper
reviews
projects
company
products
contacts
how to find us
contact form
virtual conference
search
privacy policy
Download: OSRAM Binding Corporate Rules
Clay Paky S.p.A. Commitment to Data Privacy Protection
Clay Paky S.p.a. has adopted both organizational and technical measures to comply with the new European Data Protection Regulation (RE 679/16) more commonly known as GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). Below, pursuant to Art. 13 of the GDPR, we inform you about the methods of data collection on our website.
Personal data
Clay Paky S.p.A. collects personal data, only by using the information request forms or participation in surveys, published on the pages of the website; the collection takes place with the explicit consent of the data subject.
Purpose of the processing
The personal data collected is necessary to respond to your request, to process your order or to give you access to specific information or offers.
The legal bases of data processing performed by Claypaky are the consent of the data subject, the execution of a contract or pre-contractual measures and the fulfillment of legal obligations.
Your data may be disclosed to our partner companies who will be able to contact you to better understand your needs and send you offers. In any case, without your consent, we will not disclose your data to third parties or other recipients.
Restrictions
Clay Paky S.p.A. will collect, use or communicate your personal data only for the purposes indicated by you, unless their communication:
does not constitute use of personal data for any other purpose directly connected to the original reason for which the data was collected;
it is not necessary to prepare, negotiate and process a contract with you;
is not required by law or by the competent governmental or judicial authorities;
it is not necessary to bring a legal action or to resist a legal dispute;
it is not necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as voluntary attacks on the information systems of Clay Paky S.p.A..
Clay Paky S.p.A. in no case will it collect data of a special categories of personal data (Article 9 paragraph, 1) or concerning of health (Article 4 paragraph 15).
Data Controller
Data controller of personal data is Clay Paky S.p.A., based in via Pastrengo, 3 / B in Seriate (BG) Italy, reachable at privacy@osram.com
Usage or Communication Data
When using the telecommunication services that allow access to our website, the data relating to the type of communication (e.g., internet protocol addresses) or use (e.g. information on the beginning, term and duration of any access, and those relating to the telecommunications services to which one is connected) technically generated could reasonably be related to personal data.
The collection and processing of such data will take place only in case of need and will in any case be carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law.
Automatic collection of non-personal data
When you access our websites, some information is automatically collected by our system (even without registration) which, however, does not lead to personal identification (eg type of Internet browser and operating system used; website domain from which you arrived at the Clay Paky SpA site; number of visits to the site, average time spent on the site, pages visited, etc.).
This data may be used by us to monitor the attractiveness of our sites and improve their performance or content. If you do not want this type of data collection to be carried out, contact the data controller and request the limitation to the processing.
"Cookies" - Information Stored Automatically on Your Computer
When you view one of our Web sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a "cookie" to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
Children
Clay Paky S.p.A. will not knowingly collect personal data from children without insisting that they seek prior parental consent if required by applicable law. We will only use or disclose personal data about a child to the extent permitted by law, to seek parental consent pursuant to local law and regulations or to protect a child. The definition of "child" or "children" should take into account applicable laws as well as national and regional cultural customs.
Data security
To protect your personal data against accidental or improper destruction, loss or alteration, and against unauthorized access or disclosure, Clay Paky S.p.A. has provided for security measures of a technical and organizational nature in reference to Art. 32 of the GDPR, and has adopted appropriate application measures in accordance with a risk analysis performed on the model of ISO27001.
Links to other websites
On the Clay Paky S.p.A. web pages you can find hyperlinks with other websites, proposed to provide a better service to their users. Clay Paky S.p.A. is in no way responsible for the content of websites to which users may access through its website. The existence of a hyperlink to another site does not therefore imply approval or acceptance of responsibility by Clay Paky S.p.A. about the content of the new site accessed, also in relation to the policy adopted for the processing of personal data, as well as its use.
Rights of data subjects
Clay Paky s.p.a, in acceptance of Articles 15,16,17,18 and 20 of the GDPR, guarantees the rights of the data subjects.
To request information or to request the exercise of your right, contact the data controller. If you are not satisfied with the responses of the data controller, you can always send a complaint to the competent authority.
© 2020 Clay Paky SpA - P.IVA 00632810164 - Terms of use - Privacy policy - Cookie policy
Sintattica web design