http://www.mortgagearchitects.ca/privacypolicy
JOIN OUR TEAM - BROKER LOGIN - FRANÇAIS
- MOBILE
ABOUT MAThe CompanyLeadershipJoin Our TeamOur Mortgage LendersContact UsFIND A BROKERSOLUTIONSBuying a HomeRefinancing Your MortgageRenewing Your MortgageEquipment LeasingCALCULATORSLEARNING CENTREMortgage BasicsBuyingRefinancingInvestingVideo LibraryNEWSAPPLY NOW
Mortgage Architects Privacy Policy
Mortgage Architects values your personal information and we have adopted the following policy on how your personal information is used and maintained.
We collect, use and disclose your personal information for a variety of reasons: (i) to identify you and verify any information you provide us (ii) to assess your creditworthiness and eligibility for products and services (iii) to recommend particular products and services that may be of interest to you (iv) to present your mortgage application to various lenders and insurers for the purposes of securing and/or renewing a mortgage and/or related service (v) to maintain our client relationship with you so we may serve you better.
You understand that Mortgage Architects maintains its own file containing your personal information.
Your file will be kept physically at the office of your independent mortgage planner with Mortgage Architects until a loan/mortgage is funded, after which, it is scanned and sent to a Mortgage Architects corporate or licensed office for compliance review and then electronically stored on the secure Mortgage Architects computer systems. Your file will also be subject to the privacy policy of the lender that funds your mortgage review and storage, and electronically on Mortgage Architects computer systems. Your file will also be subject to the privacy policy of the lender that funds your mortgage.
While at Mortgage Architects the access to your file is restricted to personnel on a need to know basis. Our personnel is required to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information and privacy. We have systems in place which safeguards your personal information and prevents unauthorized access.
Other than as provided under this privacy policy we do not share your personal information without your authorization or when permitted or required by law.
You will have access to your personal information upon request and you may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and such information will be amended as appropriate.
If you have any concerns about our privacy policy or require additional information, please contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at 1-877-802-9100.
TODAY'S RATES
TERMPOSTEDMA RATES*
{{rate.Term}}{{rate.Posted}}{{rate.OurRate}}
Subject to change. Conditions may apply.
Updated: {{RatesData.Modified}}
PROUD SUPPORTERS OF
Total amount raised
$60,904.44
Updated: 01/09/20
Learn More
LEARNING CENTRE
Considering a fixed rate mortgage? Get informed!Learn More
Renovating your home is within financial reach. Find out how!Learn More
Is your mortgage coming up for renewal? You should talk to a broker!Learn More
APPLY NOW
Want a mortgage? Get a mortgage! Apply now!
Apply Now
CALCULATORS
Want to find your monthly payment or what you can afford? Find out this and more with our easy to use calculators!
Learn More
OUR TWITTER
Tweets by @Mtg_Architects
Mortgage Architects
ABOUT MA
The Company
Leadership
Join Our Team
Our Mortgage Lenders
Contact Us
FIND A MORTGAGE BROKER
SOLUTIONS
Buy
Refinance
Renew
LEARNING CENTRE
Mortgage Basics
Buying
Refinancing
Investing
Video Library
CALCULATORS
CONTACT
APPLY NOW
Privacy | Sitemap | Accessibility Legislation
Brokerage Licence 12728
© Copyright 2017, Mortgage Architects Inc. All Rights Reserved.