http://www.buttimer.ie/privacy-policy
Search
open
Search
linkedin
Home
About Us
The company
The History
Health and safety
Quality
Locations
Senior Management Team
What we do
Sectors
Ship Unloading Hoppers
Clients & Case Studies
Dairygold
Indaver
BioMarin
Covanta
Peel Ports
News
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy & Cookies
General statement
We respect your right to privacy. Visitors are advised that each time they visit a Website, two general levels of information about their visit can be retained. The first level comprises statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the site. The second is information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information.
The statistical and analytical information provides general and not individually specific information about the number of people who visit this Website; the number of people who return to this site; the pages that they visit; where they were before they came to this site and the page in the site at which they exited. This information helps us monitor traffic on our Website so that we can manage the site’s capacity and efficiency. It also helps us to understand which parts of this site are most popular and generally to assess user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site.
Through this Website you may have an opportunity to send us information, such as through the "registration" pages or any other area where you may send e-mails, provide feedback, etc. By choosing to participate in these, you will be providing us with some level of personal information relating to you. This information will only be used by this site for:
the purposes for which it was provided by you;
verification purposes and statistical analysis; and
marketing and administration purposes.
Collection and use of personal information
Personal information: information that is associated with your name or personal identity. The this site Website does not collect any personal data about you on this Website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example, by emailing us, or registering with us). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by this site only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and use of non-personal information
Non-personal information: data collected for statistical purposes which is not associated with a specific identity. This site collects and analyses technical information in order to evaluate our Website. The type of technical information we log is confined to the following:
The IP address*1 of the visitor’s Web server
The top-level domain-name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
The pages visited on the this site Website, i.e. URL’s*2 visited
The previous Website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
Clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this Website (for example, pages accessed)
*1 An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
*2 A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web.
We Use Cookies
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user's hard drive. It is generated by a web page server, which is basically the computer that operates a web site. The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user's identification card, which tell a web site when the user has returned.
What is the purpose of cookies?
Cookies make the interaction between users and web sites faster and easier. Without cookies, it would be very difficult for a web site to allow a visitor to fill up a shopping cart or to remember the user's preferences or registration details for a future visit. Web sites use cookies mainly because they save time and make the browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable.
Are cookies dangerous?
No. Cookies are small pieces of text. They are not computer programs, and they can't be executed as code.
Can cookies threaten users' privacy?
Cookies are stored on the computer's hard drive. They cannot access the hard drive - so a cookie can't read other information saved on the hard drive, or get a user's e-mail address etc. They only contain and transfer to the server as much information as the users themselves have disclosed to a certain web site.
What do our cookies do?
Our use of cookies ensure both the basic functioning of our website and our Google Analytics statistics to help us improve engagement with our users. Editing of your cookie preferences could prevent certain elements of our website functioning correctly.
Can you control how cookies work?
Yes. Users can set their browsers to accept or reject all, or certain, cookies. All recent versions of popular browsers give users a level of control over cookies. For more information on how to control cookies with your browser, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx?page=1.