http://www.lucchese.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Start typing to search
Customer Care
Track Your Order
Shipping Information
Repairs
Returns & Exchanges
Our Warranty
Dealer Sign-In
FAQs
My Account
Careers
About Lucchese
Store Locations
Testimonials
Contact Us
9 AM - 5 PM CST
Monday - Friday
Phone: (888) LUC-1883
Email Us
Live Chat
Need Questions Answered?
Talk to our Customer Service Representatives
CHAT NOW
Lucchese, Inc. and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate wide Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information online. Please note that this Policy applies only to sites maintained by Lucchese, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link. By visiting any of our websites, or providing your information to us, you are accepting this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact Lucchese, Inc. at the email address or postal address provided.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE REFRAIN FROM USING THIS WEBSITE ("Our Website").
Due to federal law (as reflected in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), WE DO NOT ALLOW INDIVIDUALS WHO WE KNOW ARE UNDER 13 TO PARTICIPATE IN OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES.  YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD TO USE OUR WEBSITE AND SERVICES. IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE APPLICABLE AGE OF MAJORITY, PLEASE REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN BEFORE USE OF OUR WEBSITE.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 who you have reason to believe provided any information on Our Website, please contact us at the email address or postal address specified below. Please understand that we cannot necessarily tell if a user is providing us with his or her true age.
We do not sell products for purchase by children and any children's products we may sell are for purchase by adults only.
Information Collection and Use
As a visitor to Our Website, we allow you to decide whether you wish to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information. Accordingly, we have structured Our Website so that you may visit it, and review selected information about our products and services, without revealing your identity or providing any Personally Identifiable Information. In that case, the only information we collect from your visit will be Anonymous Information that does not identify you in any way.
Our primary goals in collecting Personally Identifiable Information are to provide you with the products and services made available through Our Website, including, but not limited, our e-commerce services, to communicate with you, and to establish and manage your registered user account, if you have one.
Personally Identifiable Information
Information Collected Upon Registration: If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of Our Website, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain Personally Identifiable Information to Lucchese, Inc. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for our services to purchase a product on Our Website, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally Identifiable Information that we may collect in such instances may include your IP address, full user name, password, email address, city, time zone, telephone number, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile.
Use of Contact Information: We may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, or to fulfill our obligations under any purchase contracts with you regarding our products and services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of such communications. Please understand that you may not be allowed to "opt–out" of formal notices concerning operation of Our Website, and legal and other related notices concerning your relationship to Our Website or services and products purchased.
Security of your Information: The security of your information is very important to us. We use 256-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. While we implement these and other security measures on Our Website, please note that 100% security is not always possible. We undertake a range of security measures including physical access restraints, technical security monitoring, and internal security reviews of the environment to help to protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. We also have policies in place to prohibit employees from viewing Personally Identifiable information without business justification.
Protecting Your Password:  Please keep in mind that we will treat anyone who uses your user name and password as "you." We will provide this user with all of the rights and privileges that we provide to you, and we will hold you responsible for the activities of the person using your password. Therefore, we recommend that you maintain your user name and password in confidence, and that you refrain from disclosing this information to anyone who might "pretend" to be you. We also ask that you notify us immediately if you suspect that someone is using your user name and/or password in this or any inappropriate manner.
Notice of Security Incident: If we detect an intrusion or other unauthorized access to or use of Personally Identifiable Information (an "Intrusion"), we will (i) notify affected users of the Intrusion if the information at issue is sensitive, in our discretion, (ii) deliver this notice by the means we deem most efficient under the circumstances (such as, for example, first class mail or email); (iii) use contact information for each effected user that is current in our files; and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish these steps and effect this notice in a timely manner. To the extent applicable law requires steps in addition to those specified above, we will under all circumstances comply with applicable law.
Deleting Information: If you request, we will remove your name and all other Personally Identifiable Information from our databases. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely, due to backups and records of deletions. In addition, please understand that, if you request deletion of your information, you will be unable to utilize associated features of Our Website. You may not remove de-identified, anonymous, or aggregate data from our databases.
Generally Anonymous Information
Log Data: When you visit Our Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of Our Website and of our online services, and for Our Website's technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other Personally Identifiable Information, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service that you can find HERE, or as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
Other Technologies: Other technologies used include clear GIFs. Clear GIFs also known as web bugs, beacons or tags, are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect Personally Identifiable Information about you. However, we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages.
Click-Throughs: We may send email messages, which use a "click-through URL" linked to content on Our Website. When you click one of these URLs, you pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply do not click text or graphic links in the email, or follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of such email messages.
Computer Configuration: In order to determine whether your computer is supported by our system, we may collect certain Anonymous Information. This information includes, but may not be limited to, your operating system and browser, as well as the presence of any software that Our Website may require to operate with your computer, or other third party software on your computer. This information is kept strictly confidential and is not shared with third parties, except as provided for in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies: We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on Our Website and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within websites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the essential features of Our Website, we recommend that you leave them turned on. If you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your shopping cart, proceed to checkout, or use any products and services from Our Website that require you to sign in. Please note that this Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Lucchese, Inc. only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers, or other third parties.
Banner Ads; Advertising Profiles: Our Website may include the use of ad banner partners for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions, and other marketing messages. These ads may be provided, in some cases, by a third party ad service provider or advertiser ("Advertisers").  These Advertisers may use traditional banner ads, or other advertising methods, such as advertising using profiles and related content. An Advertiser may place or utilize its own cookie on your browser, and may use anonymous information about your visit to Our Website, such as the number of times you have viewed the ad. If the Advertiser requests that you provide to it Personally Identifiable Information, please be aware that this Advertiser's use and collection of this information will be governed by its own privacy policy, and not our Privacy Policy. Lucchese, Inc. does not control such activity and does not have access to this information. We recommend that you review the Advertiser's privacy policy before providing Personally Identifiable Information.
Third Parties
Third Party Services: Users may be offered an opportunity to register for other services from Our Website. Certain products and/or services available on Our Website may be provided to you in partnership with third party(s) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services, your Personally Identifiable Information will be transferred to such third party(s) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party(s). We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) prior to providing your Personally Identifiable Information in connection with such products and/or services.
Service Providers: We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, e-commerce transactions, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
Miscellaneous
Law Enforcement: We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Lucchese, Inc. or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Business Transfers: We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of Lucchese Inc's assets, including your Personally Identifiable Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Policy Updates
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy on Our Website and we encourage you to check our Privacy Policy periodically.
CELEBRATING CRAFTSMANSHIP AND THE ADVENTUROUS SPIRIT SINCE 1883
Subscribe to our newsletter
Your Email (required)
Please input a valid email.
Gender
Select your gender
Male
Female
SUBSCRIBE
Create an Account?
About
Brand mission & vision
Our Heritage
Our Process
Blog
Press
Trunk Shows
Private Events
Careers
Help
My Account
Track your order
Shipping Information
Returns & Exchanges
Repairs
warranty
Dealer Sign In
Site Map
Contact
How to reach us
Email us
Testimonials
FAQ
Lucchese Stores
Lucchese Retailers
Boot 101
Boot Anatomy
Boot Fit
Boot Maintenance & Care
Boot Toe & Heel Options
Reviews
Polo Team
Polo Team
Players And Horses
Equestrian Boots
Championships Won
Follow Us
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Vimeo
Create an Account
×
Loading content...
Loading...
Sign In to Your Account
×
Loading content...
Loading...
Please enter code to unlock secret sale
Secret Code
Sign up for our newsletter and receive 10% off your first purchase
Unlock
×
×
Sign in to your account or create one
×
Loading content...
Loading...