https://www.hydrasun.com/terms-and-conditions/
Website Terms
For the purpose of these terms and conditions of web site use, “Hydrasun” means Hydrasun Limited (a company registered in Scotland with company number SC59688). For the avoidance of any doubt no contracts are formed between either consumers or businesses and Hydrasun via responses made or conducted on this web site.
Copyright
All web site design, text, graphics (including the selection and arrangement thereof) and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on this web site are copyright to Hydrasun Limited and its affiliates or their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS ARE RESERVED.
Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of this web site for private use or use in connection with business with Hydrasun Limited. Any other use of materials on this web site (including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution or republication) without the prior written permission of Hydrasun is strictly prohibited.
Disclaimer
To the fullest extent permitted by the law Hydrasun is providing this web site and its contents on an "as is" basis and makes no (and expressly disclaims all) representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this web site or its contents including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, Hydrasun does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this web site is accurate, complete or current.
Except as specifically stated on this web site, to the fullest extent permitted at law, neither Hydrasun nor any of its affiliates, directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this web site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit or business, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, Hydrasun does not limit its liability for death or personal injury to the extent only that it arises as a result of the negligence of Hydrasun, its affiliates, directors or employees.
Links to third-party sites
This web site also contains links to other web sites that are not under the control of or maintained by Hydrasun. The links are provided “as is” with no warranty, express or implied in respect of the information provided within such sites.
Data protection and privacy
Any personal details that you provide to us are held and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Hydrasun is registered as a data controller under the Act (registration no: Z6025030). Please see our Privacy Policy for further information.
Our company details & address
Hydrasun Limited
Gateway Business Park
Moss Road
Aberdeen
AB12 3GQ
Email: info@hydrasun.com
Telephone: +44(0)1224 618618 +44(0)1224 618618
Fax: +44(0)1224 618701
Terms and Conditions
Hydrasun Ltd
Parcom Hydrasun GmbH