http://www.dj-photo.com/privacy/
07785 762867
ENQUIRE NOW
MENU
Home
Portfolio
Still-life Product Photography
Food and Drink Photography
Portrait and Lifestyle Photography
Product video and animation
Interiors
Personal
Working with Darrin
Blog
Contact
Enquire Now
×
The studio is open for product photography during the Covid 19 outbreak - contact me to arrange your shoot.
Privacy
Introduction
Our website uses cookies.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies.
A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date).
A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Our cookies
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website.
We may send to you the following cookies:
(a)    __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, – We will use this persistent and session cookies to enable Google Analytics to measure how users interact with our website content.
(b)    CONCRETE5 – We will use this session cookie to enable the Concrete5 content managment system used to operate our website.
(c)    katPropSearchSession – We will use this session cookie to hold details of your property search criteria as you navigate around this website.
Third party and analytics cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Cookies and personal information
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(a)    in Internet Explorer (version 9) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";
(b)    in Firefox (version 16) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites"; and
(c)    in Chrome (version 23), you can block all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting any data" under the "Cookies" heading.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on this website.
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. For example:
(a)    in Internet Explorer (version 9), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
(b)    in Firefox (version 16), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy" and then "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All Cookies"; and
(c)    in Chrome (version 23), you can delete all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".
Again, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Contact us
This website is owned and operated by Darrin Jenkins Photography Ltd.
If you have any questions about our cookies or this cookies policy, please contact us:
(a)    by email (to djenkins@dj-photo.com);
(b)    by telephone (to 01438 820530); or
(c)    by post (to Chapel Studio, 158 High Street, Codicote, Hertfordshire SG4 8UB).
By continuing to use this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK
More information