https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/insurance/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Solutions for Insurance Companies
Custom solutions to help insurance companies power growth
With 45+ years of experience serving the largest insurance carriers and employee benefit companies, Data Axle understands the complexity of their business and knows how to help them meet and exceed their goals.
Contact us
Manage data for retention or acquisition
We manage data for some of the largest insurers in the United States, helping them leverage technology to grow their business and improve engagement. With a foundation of accurate data, linked through our unique persistent IDs to support identity resolution, you’ll be able to support your existing programs and build new ones.
Learn more
Clients we work with
Enable agents in the field to find and manage clients
Using Data Axle Genie, insurance companies can help their agents by providing an application that allows them to discover new leads, track sales, and manage prospective clients. With over 15,000 active users, Data Axle Genie helps enterprise users manage their sales challenges every day.
See for yourself
Use our APIs to add new capabilities to your products
Our APIs make it easy to connect our data and insights to your own data warehouses and applications in ways that enhance it without adding extra layers of technology and support for your organization to manage. Pre-fill applications, or delivery data directly into your lead generation applications.
Learn more & get a free trial
Empower your data sciences teams with the best data available
Most insurers have multiple data suppliers, but that doesn’t always mean they have the best data available. For over 45 years Data Axle has been leading the charge in supplying quality data to our customers to support intelligence, acquisition, retention, and product development goals.
Ask us how
Deploy HIPAA compliant email messages to connect with more prospects
Privacy is a top concern in the digital world, however most technology companies do not address the unique needs of insurance companies who must have HIPAA compliant solutions. Data Axle offers HIPAA compliant technology that allows insurers to deploy emails seamlessly through their existing technology stacks, such as Adobe Campaign.
Talk to our insurance specialists
Leverage services to support your team
Every day, we help insurers process data files, find unique data sources, build and deploy campaigns and perform any number of other services. Our insurance clients value the ability to leverage the wide range of services Data Axle offers, which lets them focus on their core business while keeping pace with the never ending set of new initiatives they have to execute each year.
Reach out to us
Related content
whitepaper
The insurer’s guide to marketing data
From zero-party to third-party, how consumer data drives growth in the insurance industry.
Read on
blog
This is how data is transforming the insurance industry
Data is no longer a means to an end. Today, data is an asset that can be leveraged internally and externally.
Learn more
case study
A top 5 US health insurer uses data to deliver localized acquisition programs
Database services, consumer data, and expert analytics power customer acquisition
Read on
Reach out to learn more
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.