http://www.isgplc.com/en/usage/website-terms-and-conditions
Website terms and conditions
1. Definitions
These terms and conditions govern the use of the ISG Limited website.
ISG Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under the registration number 10081578. Our registered address is Aldgate House, 33 Aldgate Hight street, London, EC3N 1AG.
All references to ‘ISG’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ are references to ISG Limited and its subsidiaries as a provider of this Website (also referenced as ‘site’) below.
‘Website’ or ‘site’ means any website under the ownership or control of ISG from which a link has been created to these terms and conditions;
‘Material’ means all the information, data, text, videos, graphics, links, software or computer code published on, contained or available on the Website;
‘User’ means the individual, firm, company or organisation accessing the Website, contacting ISG via the Website, downloading information (including but not limited to brochures and insight pieces) and/or registering for any events.
2. Applicable terms and conditions
The Website is owned by ISG Limited and any use made of the Website is subject to these terms and conditions. ISG may, at its sole discretion, modify or revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating the text of this page.
By using our Website, the User accepts these terms and conditions in full.
3. Use of the Website
Anyone is entitled to view any non-password protected sections of the Website and to use the content found therein for their own personal use only, if:
3.1 it is used for information purposes only, for reproduction for personal use only and not for reproduction on any other Website or for commercial purpose.
3.2 any links intended to be created to the Website are notified about and approved by ISG before they are created.
4. Copyright and trademarks
All intellectual property rights in the contents of the Website are owned and controlled by ISG. Intellectual property rights means rights such as copyright, trade marks, domain names, design rights, database rights, patents and all other intellectual property rights of any kind whether or not they are registered or unregistered (anywhere in the world).
4.1 Copyright in the Material is owned by ISG or its content suppliers. Unauthorised use of the Material including reproduction, storage, modification, distribution, republication or sale without the prior written consent of ISG or, where applicable, the respective copyright owner(s) is prohibited.
4.2 The names and logos of ISG and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trade names, registered marks or trademarks of ISG and may not be used without the prior consent of ISG.
4.3 Nothing in these terms and conditions grants Users any legal rights in the Website other than necessary to enable the User to access the Website. The User agrees not to adjust or to try and circumvent or delete any notices contained on the Website (including any intellectual property notices) and in particular in any digital rights or other security technology embedded or contained within the Website.
5. Disclaimer
The Website is intended to provide general information only and, as such, should not be considered as a substitute for technical, financial or legal advice covering any specific situation and should not be relied upon for any purposes. Users should seek appropriate advice before taking or refraining from taking any action in reliance on any information contained on the Website. ISG does not accept any liability and cannot be held responsible to any person relating to the use of any such information.
While we try to make sure that the Website is accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, we cannot promise that it will be. Furthermore, we cannot promise that the Website will be fit or suitable for any purpose. Any reliance that the User may place on the information on this Website is at its own risk.
We may suspend or terminate operation of the Website at any time as we see fit.
While we try to make sure that the Website is available for the User's use, we do not promise that the Website is available at all times nor do we promise the uninterrupted use by the User of the Website.
6. Limitation of liability
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this Website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the Website remains available or that the material on the Website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this Website and the use of this Website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
Nothing in this disclaimer will: (a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or (d) exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the Website and the information and services on the Website are provided free-of-charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
7. Third party websites
The Website contains links to websites operated by parties other than ISG. Any such links or references are provided for the User's convenience only. We have no control over third party websites and accept no legal responsibility for any content, material or information contained in them. The display of any link and reference to any third party website does not mean that we endorse that third party's website, products or services. The User's use of a third party site may be governed by the terms and conditions of that third party site.
8. Privacy and Data Protection
Read our Privacy notice here
9. Cookies
ISG uses cookies to enhance the online experience of our Website visitors and to better understand how the Website is used. Read our Cookies policy here
10.	Accessibility
ISG is committed to providing a Website that is accessible regardless of the User’s computer knowledge and disability. Read our Accessibility statement here
12.	General
These terms and conditions and the use by the User of the Website are governed by the laws of England and Wales. The User agrees that the English courts shall have an exclusive jurisdiction should a dispute relating to the Website and/or these terms and conditions arise.
Back to top