http://www.wpcu.org/policies
Skip to main content
What you should know
Every financial institution should provide you with a complete list of information that details your rights and obligations in doing business with them. Here is our list.
Website Terms of Use   These Terms of Use apply to all users of Water and Power Community Credit Union's website.
Accessibility Policy   Describes our accessibility services.
CCPA  Describes how we collect, use and share your personal information.
Privacy Policy   Describes WPCCU's privacy policy and practices concerning the personal information we collect and disclose about our members.
California Consumer Privacy Includes references and links to our other privacy policies which serve different purposes under various laws and regulations that apply to us.
Online Banking Disclosure   Explains the terms and conditions for using our Online Banking service and provides certain disclosures and information to our members concerning the service.
e-Statements   This disclosure contains information about our electronic statement product, also referred to as eStatements.
E-Sign Consent Agreement This Disclosure allows us to provide you with electronic versions of important notices and documents related to your accounts.
Funds Availability   This Disclosure describes your ability to withdraw funds from all your accounts at Water and Power Community Credit Union except for funds deposited to certificate accounts.
Courtesy Pay   Describes our opt-in service for overdraft coverage.
EFT (Electronic Fund Transfer)  This Electronic Funds Transfer Agreement is the contract which covers member's rights and responsibilities concerning the electronic funds transfer (EFT) services offered by WPCCU.
Truth In Savings - Certificates   Except as specifically described, the following disclosures apply to all of the accounts. All accounts described in this Truth-in-Savings Disclosure are share accounts.
Truth in Savings - Share Accounts   This Disclosure describes your ability to withdraw funds from all your accounts at Water and Power Community Credit Union except for funds deposited to certificate accounts.
Mastercard Agreement   This agreement covers using your WPCCU MasterCard credit card account, payment requirements, an explanation of fees and your billing rights.
Privacy Agreement   Describes how we collect, share, and protect our member's personal information.
Member and Account Agreement   This Agreement covers our member and our rights and responsibilities concerning Membership and Accounts(s) offered to our members.
WPCCU considers data protection and privacy to be of paramount importance
You may opt-out from having your information collected on this website.
Email disclaimer
Water and Power Community Credit Union will never request sensitive information such as Social Security numbers, Online Banking PINs, passwords, or account numbers by email or text message. Please beware of solicitors who ask for sensitive information. If you receive an email or text message or any other forms of solicitation requesting this type of information, please contact Water and Power Community Credit Union immediately: 800-300-9728
Open Accessibility Panel
We are committed to providing a fully accessible and optimized user experience for all site visitors, regardless of vision or other impairments.
Toggle High Contrast
The contrast between foreground and background text will increase. Non-essential images will be removed.
Hide Accessibilty Settings
Remove the accessibility icon while viewing the site.