http://www.ajiaminoacids.com/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us.
We have created this privacy policy to explain to you how we gather, use, and protect your personal information.
By using this website, you agree to the terms in this policy, so please read carefully.
If you don’t agree with these terms, please don’t use this website.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect personal information about you, such as your name, birth date, email address, and telephone number, if you choose to provide it to us.
This happens when you register for an account, enter a contest, contact us, or use our services.
If you purchase products from us using our website, we will receive your credit card information so we can fulfill your order.
None of this is required, so please do not engage in any of these activities if you do not want us to have this information.
However, we may not be able to provide you with some services if you choose not to provide us with your personal data.
We also gather information through automated means, such as through cookies.
In these situations, our purpose is to gather information that we use to tailor your experience on our website.
Although it is common on most websites to use cookies, you can use your browser options to decline accepting cookies and to delete existing cookies.
But please note that without cookies, your experience on our site may be hampered.
If you apply for employment with us, we will collect additional personal data, such as your employment history, educational background, and other work-related information.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We will use your information for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
to provide the services or products you’ve ordered;
to send you information about our company or products;
to answer questions you’ve asked;
for internal business purposes such as optimizing your experience on our site, analyzing our business, and maintaining appropriate records;
to contact you about orders, purchases, returns, services, accounts, programs, contests, questions, products, events, promotional purposes, or other requests for information;
for other legal purposes.
We share your personal information in the following ways:
with our Ajinomoto affiliates;
with our business partners and third-party service providers;
when necessary to comply with a request from law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies;
if we transfer or merge our business;
as necessary to protect the privacy and safety of you or our company;
when your information does not directly identify you;
as otherwise legally permitted.
Security
We employ technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of any personal data we collect.
When you provide us with your credit card number, we encrypt the transmission.
While we have employed security technologies and procedures to safeguard your personal data, no system or network can guarantee complete security.
If you do not want to take the risk of having your information lost, misused, improperly accessed, or disclosed, you should not provide us with your information.
Your Choices and Opting Out
For special programs and communications, you will be given the opportunity to opt-in.
If you do not wish to opt-in, please do not participate in those programs or communications and do not supply your personal information.
You may be able to reject cookies, web beacons, entity tags, and HTML5 local storage by adjusting the appropriate settings in your browser.
If you want to learn the correct way to modify these settings, please use the Help menu in your browser.
You can ask us to access, correct, or remove your information, or withdraw any previously given consent or opt-in, from our databases by sending us an email to that effect to one of the contact points below.
If the personal data we collect is no longer needed for any purposes and we are not required by law to retain it, we may delete, destroy, or permanently de-identify it.
Links
Links in our website to other websites are provided for your convenience only.
We are not responsible for privacy conditions or policies on other websites.
Please check those websites for their privacy policies.
Children
We do not target information from children under the age of 16.
Please do not allow children to provide any information.
If you believe we may have collected information about your child without your permission, please contact us at the email below.
Supplemental Information for California Consumers
This section applies to California residents (as defined under California law) and is designed to help you understand the categories of personal information that we collect and the rights available to consumers under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).
Categories of Personal Information We Collect and How We Use and Share that Information
During the past twelve months, we have collected, used, and shared the following categories of personal information:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Source
Business or commercial purpose(s) for collection
Categories of third parties with whom we share
Identifiers, including name, email address, phone, and birthdate
Directly from you
We use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the How Do We Use Your Information section.
We share these categories of personal information as described in the How Do We Use Your Information section.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80, including credit card number
Directly from you
Internet or other electronic network activity
Indirectly from you
Professional or employment-related information and educational history
Directly from you
Recruitment
California Consumer Rights
If you are a resident of California, you have the following rights:
Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business and commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: (i) sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
If so, we will notify you in our response than an exception applies and identify that exception.
To exercise your Right to Know and Right to Delete, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by our contact form on our site.
To verify your identity we may ask you for additional information, which may include asking you to confirm other personal information you have provided to us.
We reserve the right to deny any requests for which identity cannot be verified.
If you have authorized another person to make a request on your behalf, that person must provide to us your written authorization allowing them to make such a request on your behalf.
We reserve the right to deny any request by an authorized agent if we are not reasonably able to confirm proper authorization.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under California law.
Unless permitted by California law, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you a different price or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
We do not sell California consumer personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration.
For clarity, we do not collect personal information for individuals under the age of 16.
Sharing Data Internationally and EEA residents
While our sites are not directed to residents of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), personal data may be shared from EEA residents to our databases and personnel in the US.
For EEA residents, your personal data may only be processed when it is:
necessary for the performance of a contract with you;
necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation;
necessary to serve our legitimate business interests or a third party, where such use is consistent with the fundamental rights of individuals under European law;
subject to valid consent you have freely provided and not withdrawn.
In addition to your rights discussed above, you also have the right to:
request whether your data is being used by us;
object to or restrict our use of your personal data;
have your personal data transferred from us to another party;
not be subject to automated decision-making or profiling based on your personal data;
lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
We will process and store your personal data for as long as our relationship with you continues or as necessary to fulfill our contractual or legal obligations.
We will delete your data when:
it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which we collected and processed it;
you request or object to us maintaining your information, so long as we are not otherwise legally required to retain it;
when necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
if you withdraw your previously given consent to collect your information.
Your personal data may be shared from the US to companies outside of the US or vice versa.
We take additional safeguards to help ensure that this cross-border data processing is protected.
This may include using the Model Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission to secure personal data or contracting with companies who are certified as compliant under the European Union-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks.
More information about these safeguards are available online or you may contact us at the email address below.
Contact
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about this privacy policy, please fill out a contact form on our website.
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty. shop
here
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
Loading...