http://www.rensch.com/n-privacy.html
Home
privacy  rensch.com
8355 Austin Street, Kew Gardens NY 11415
718-577-0005
Privacy Policy
A considered, considerate and well communicated Privacy Policy is very important to consumers and marketers. I write privacy policies for clients, but these days it's more the province of lawyers. Mine may change from time to time, so please check back. If it does change, I will try to treat your information according to the policy in effect when the information was acquired.
The short version:
My hosting service gives me a standard log of visits. The log does not give me your e-mail address. It does give me basic page-by-page data about each visit that
helps me make my site easier to find, more informative, and easier to use. I also keep the information you give me by e-mail or when you fill out a form. I use it to respond to you in the way most appropriate to the situation. I do not sell or give out specific information about you or your organization. I do not send mass unsolicited email (UCE) to people who have not contacted me, and I will not send you self-promotional materials by postal mail if you ask me not to. If you have a question or want to be removed from my active list, or be put on it, please contact me at the postal address, e-mail address or phone number above, or by using the form at my site.
The long version:
Information that is automatically logged. Like virtually all commercial websites, mine collects data about each visit. The log of this data shows which pages people visit, time of day, browser used, keywords, password usage and attempts, any errors you encountered, etc. (It does not show your e-mail address.)
The log stores the numeric address or domain name of the server that links your computer to the Internet, but that indicates only the company through which you access the Internet. The details of your visit might be associated with your identity only if you provide me with your identity yourself.
.
I may use software or service(s) such as Crazy Egg to analyze traffic to this website in order to understand my visitors' needs and to continually improve our site. Crazy Egg collects only anonymous, aggregate statistics, not personal data ((any information that may be used to identify you, such as, your name, title, phone number, email address, or mailing address). For example, it does not tie a specific visit to a specific visitor.
Information you volunteer. I save any information you volunteer on a form or by e-mail, including your e-mail address if provided by you or your software. Filling out one of my forms will not give me your e-mail address, unless you type it on the form.
How I use the information. I review the log and other visitor information from time to time. The information I collect is used to improve the content of my Web site, to update my promotional postal mailing list (unless you ask to be left off), and to reply to you by whatever means seems appropriate. However, I do not send unsolicited group mailings via e-mail. I do not provide your information to other companies, organizations or individuals. Instead, if I think another individual or organization might be able to help with an inquiry you've made, I will try to contact you regarding them.
Your e-mail address. Unless indicated or requested otherwise, if you supply your e-mail address, I may respond by e-mail if it seems appropriate, especially if it will help me give you full information more promptly. I may also send an infrequent follow-up (e.g., regarding your inquiry, or news, change of contact data, or annual greeting). If you do not want an e-mail reply or occasional follow-up, please let me know in your message. If you change your mind, please contact me by e-mail or postal mail at the address above, or on my form, being sure to specify your full e-mail address.
Your postal address. If you supply your postal address, I might send an occasional mailing with information about my services. If you don't want to receive such mail, please let me know at the e-mail or postal address above, or on my form. Be sure to provide your full name and postal address to help me find it on the list.
Your telephone number. If you supply your telephone number, I may respond by phone if it seems appropriate, especially if it will help me give you full information more promptly. If you don't want me to phone, please let me know in your message. If you change your mind, tell me by e-mail, postal mail, or phone, or on my form. Remember to include your correct phone number to help me find it on my list.
Printed materials. Confidential printed information you give me in the course of doing business is either returned or destroyed to the best of my ability after a suitable period (including printouts of electronic information). Please contact me if you want me to save or return it.
Encryption. Normal email (and attachments, if any) is not a highly secure form of communication. If you want to encrypt our e-mail and/or file exchanges, please contact me to set up an appropriate method.
Spam and UCE. Email "spam," fraudulent email, and inappropriate Unsolicited Commercial Email received at any rensch.com address may be reported to the Federal Trade Commission at uce@ftc.gov and to other third parties.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding my privacy policy, please feel free to contact me with them.
And if you'd like me to help with your privacy policy, please ask.
To return to previous pages, please use your browser's
"Back" button or the menu below.
Home
privacy  rensch.com
8355 Austin Street, Kew Gardens NY 11415
718-577-0005