http://www.rjwoodworking.co.uk/terms
Cart
0
Home
Products
About
Wanted
Showroom
Contact
Back
All
Band Saws-Resaws
Beam Saws
Boring Machines
Briquetters
Cehisa Edgebander
CNC Machinery
Combined Universal
Cramps
Cross Cut Saws
Dust Extraction
Edgebander
Edge Trimmer
Lathe
Morticer
Overhead Router
Panel Saws
Planer Moulders
Planer Thicknesser
Portable Power Tools
Power Feed Units
Presses
Ripsaw
Sanders
Single Phase Machinery
Spare Parts
Spindle Moulders
Surface Planer
Tenoners
Thicknesser
Used Machinery
Vertongen
Wall Saws
Window & Door Machinery
When you visit the R.J. Woodworking website you are subject to our Website Terms & Conditions. We recommend you read these prior to undertaking any activity on the site such as submitting personal data and or making an online transaction within the site.In addition, we also include clear statements with regards to the following:1. Ownership1.1 This website is wholly owned and operated by:RJ Woodworking MachineryUnit 16, Gerards ParkCollege St, St HelensMerseyside WA10 1FZ1.2 All website content is owned exclusively by R.J. Woodworking and any reproducing, transmitting, publishing, and distribution without express permission from R.J. Woodworking is forbidden.2. Online Transaction2.1 Any transactions made through our website are subject to our acceptance.3. Online Payment3.1 R.J. Woodworking prices shown on our website are exclusive of VAT and delivery.3.2 R.J. Woodworking endeavours to ensure the website accuracy in relation to services and pricing. However, we accept errors may occur. If such an error occurs R.J. Woodworking reserves the right to contact you prior to order completion to update the price. You may then either cancel your order or re-confirm it based on the correct information.4. Privacy PolicyPlease make sure that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy which explains how we protect any data which you provide to us in order for us to manage your order.5. Copyright/ Intellectual Property5.1 By using the site you acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all materials and/or content made available as part of your use of this website shall remain with R.J. Woodworking.5.2 You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within this website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may only download content (via page cache) for the purpose of using this website.6. General6.1 Use of the site is subject to English Law.6.2 Liability for any claim for loss or damage shall be limited to the sum paid by you for the services provided.6.3 R.J. Woodworking without notice reserves the right to amends these terms and conditions from time to time and any such changes will be communicated on our website.6.4 From time to time there may be links to carefully selected third party websites which we believe may be of interest to you. However, we have no control over the content of these websites nor can we be liable in respect of anything contained on these websites.