http://www.andersonsinc.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Company
Values
Community
History
Facilities
Newsroom
Groups
Trade
Plant Nutrient
Ethanol
Rail
Careers
Investors
Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy, accuracy and reliability of any personal information you choose to provide and to safeguard loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration of this information.
Our Privacy Policy
November 2018
This Andersons, Inc., privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how The Andersons, Inc. (“Andersons”, “Company”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and retains personal information that you provide to us, or that we collect, when you use our website(s). This policy also pertains other websites owned or controlled by the Company (the “Sites”) or related mobile applications, use products and services and complete related forms, participate in Company events, or communicate with one of our customer service representatives (“Personal Data”). Andersons reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy without prior notice. Whenever Andersons modifies the Privacy Policy, an updated version will be posted on this site.
Andersons is headquartered in Ohio, in the United States. You may contact Andersons internal data protection resource if you have any questions or concerns about Andersons policies or practices regarding Personal Data:
Email: privacy@Andersonsinc.com
Postal Mail: The Andersons, Inc.
1947 Briarfield Boulevard
Maumee, OH 43537
Attention: Information Security
Phone: +1-419-893-5050
Collection of Personal Information
Andersons takes your privacy seriously and is committed to safeguarding the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of any personal information you choose to provide and to safeguard loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration of this information.  Andersons has developed this Privacy Policy to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of your personal information.  This Privacy Policy discloses the types of personal information Andersons gathers, how it is used, and how you can gain access to and edit the information you have provided, or Andersons has collected about you.
Andersons will take reasonable effort to avoid excessive or irrelevant collection of information.  Andersons will take reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial measures to safeguard and secure any personal information you provide.  However, given that electronically submitted data is not 100% secure, Andersons makes no representations or warranties as to the security of any personal information you submit online, which you do at your own risk.
Andersons will not retain information for longer than legally obligated to do so. Compliance for SOX, HIPPA, and PCI data may require significantly longer retention times to maintain compliance.  Retention times for all data classifications can be found in the Andersons Data Retention Policy.
Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Andersons
Andersons will collect personally identifiable information from you (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address) only if you voluntarily choose to disclose it. Andersons will ask only for the information necessary to provide the service you have requested. Andersons requires certain information such as your name, address, email address, or employment history to appropriately respond to your service request.  Andersons may use your information to provide you with knowledge of products and services in which you may be interested in or give you an opportunity to be listed in a directory for one of Andersons services.
Collecting Personal Information for Employment Consideration
Andersons may ask for specific information about you if you submit your resume for employment, contact Andersons with a question, and/or sign up for email notification.
Submitting a Resume: Andersons will post available jobs on the website and allow you to submit an online employment application. You will be requested to complete an application that includes your address, phone number, email address, geographic preference, position applied for, education, career objective, and the reasons you want to work for Andersons. Andersons may also ask that you submit your resume. This information will be encrypted and will only be used to determine if you would be a good candidate for the requested job. The information will be saved for 6 months, and will not be given to any third parties, but it will be shared internally on a need-to-know basis.
Email Notices: Andersons website(s) allow you to sign up for email notifications regarding news about the Company. To send you these notices, you will need to submit your personal information, including your name, email address, and affiliation with Andersons. While Andersons may also use the information for various business purposes, or as aggregate information to keep track of certain trends, your personal information will not be sold to third parties.
Information You Post on the Sites: If you post information on our Sites, that information may be collected and used by Andersons other users of the Sites, and the public generally.
Contact and Questions: The website allows you to submit questions, comments, or concerns to Andersons.  The Company may ask for your name, address, phone number, email address, company name, and your question. This will help the Company respond appropriately to your inquiries. The Company will use the information to respond to your inquiry and may share it internally to improve Andersons service to you. Andersons reserves the right to use the information for various business purposes, including, but not limited to, sharing consumer testimonials about Company products and services. Your information will not be sold to third parties. If the Company uses your information, it will not disclose all any of? your personally identifiable information, but will just use your comment or question, your geographic location, and perhaps your name.
Surveys, Sweepstakes, Contests, or Drawings: At times, Andersons may offer a chance to participate in a survey, sweepstakes, contest, or drawing through the website. To do so, you may be required to disclose personally identifiable information (such as contact information, including your name and address, or demographic information, such as your age or income level). You also may be asked to give information about your purchase and use of Andersons products and services. We reserve the right to use this information in the following ways:
to notify you that you have won the sweepstakes, contest, or drawing;
to conduct market research studies and reports;
to give to companies that co-sponsored the sweepstakes, contest, or drawing with Andersons; or
to send you information about Andersons’ products.
The information received in this way may be shared with parties conducting research studies.
Information You Provide to Payment Processors
All payments made to Andersons and its subsidiaries, are processed by a PCI/DSS-compliant (these are payment card industry security standards) payment processing service engaged by Andersons. All information collected by these third-party providers for purposes of processing your payments is not available to us, unless you have otherwise provided this information to us about your use of the Sites or our products and services.
Information Andersons Automatically Collects from You
Andersons uses data within Google Analytics to improve its websites. When your computer requests a webpage, the following types of information is collected:
IP address
Date and time of request
Browser used
Page(s) visited
Length of session (time on site)
Analytics
Analytics is the collection, measurement, analysis, and reporting of web traffic data for purposes of understanding, optimizing web usage, and enhancing the user experience. Google Inc. (“Google”) is an external third-party service provider.  Andersons complies with Google’s privacy policy and terms of agreement: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
Analytics may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes, evaluation, research, planning and reporting. For more information on Google’s terms and privacy policy, visit: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and https://policies.google.com/?hl=en&gl=de
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Andersons uses "cookies" and similar technologies to collect non-personal information.  A cookie is a small text file placed on a computer by a website visited by the user.  Andersons uses cookies and similar technologies to track usage and collect information that helps improve the quality of the website and overall ease of use. You can delete cookies and/or change your browser settings to not accept them.  However, this may prevent access or limit functionality to some portions of Company sites.
Information Collected by Third Parties through Third-Party Links and Content
Andersons is committed to keeping your personal information confidential. The Company will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties but Andersons does have trusted relationships with third parties that provide support for email, text, and mobile application to enable marketing services.
During your visit to this website, you may come across links that will take you to third party website. These third-party businesses may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technology to collect information about you. Andersons does not control the content of or the information collected from these third-party websites. These third-party websites are not subject to Andersons’ Privacy Policy. Links to third-party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Andersons of the content, policies, or practices of such sites. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these websites before you disclose your personal information to these other parties.
Monitoring, Enforcement, and Legal Requests
Andersons has no obligation to monitor the website or the use thereof or to retain the content of any user session. However, Andersons reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. Andersons may use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Service or to protect our service, site, customers, or others.
Children
Andersons sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. The Company does not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 13 of COPPA (The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent of a child under 13, and you believe that your child has provided us with information about him or herself, please contact us at privacy@Andersonsinc.com.
Information for Individuals Located in the European Union
Legal Basis for The Processing of Personal Information from EEA Residents
If you reside within the European Economic Area (EEA), our processing of your personal information will be legitimized as follows:
Whenever we require your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”). This article in the GDPR describes when processing can be done lawfully.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and Andersons or for taking any pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b).”). If this data is not processed, Andersons will not be able to execute the contract with you.
Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), for example complying in the fields of employment law.
And where the processing is necessary for the purposes of Andersons legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f), for example to detect fraud.
Transferring Personal Data from the EU to the US
Andersons has its headquarters in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR. A finding of “adequacy” in short means that the European Commission has decided that this country outside the EEA ensures an adequate level of data protection. Andersons relies on derogations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR as the United States has no “adequacy” decision and no other safeguards under the GDPR are in place (for example binding corporate rules on the transfer outside the EEA). Andersons collects and transfers to the U.S. personal data only: with your explicit consent; to perform a contract with you; in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. If this data is not processed and transferred, Andersons will not be able to execute the contract with you or you will not have access to any or all of the benefits and features associated with your transaction. Andersons endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with Andersons and the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Andersons also minimizes the risk to your rights and freedoms by not collecting or storing sensitive information about you.
If you wish to confirm that Andersons is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data Andersons may have about you, please contact us at privacy@Andersonsinc.com
European Union Data Subject Rights
The European Union’s GDPR and other countries’ privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects (persons that can be identified).
This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about what personal data Andersons collects about you and how it is used.
If you wish to confirm that Andersons is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data The Andersons, Inc may have about you, or have other questions, please contact us at via privacy@Andersonsinc.com.
You may also request that Andersons cease using your data and withdraw consent for direct marketing purposes. In many countries (including EEA countries), you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how Andersons processes your personal data. When technically feasible, Andersons will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another controller. You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and standard format.
In addition to the information contained in this Privacy Policy, you may be provided with additional and contextual information concerning services or the collection and processing of your personal data upon request.
If access cannot be provided within a reasonable time frame, Andersons will provide you with a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, Andersons will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
Security of Information
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Andersons cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Company, and you do so at your own risk. Andersons is not liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, once Andersons receives your transmission, the Company does its best to ensure its security on Company systems by making reasonable efforts to protect the information.
How to Contact and Modify Your Information or Preferences
If you have given Andersons information in the past and now wish to change or opt-out such information, you can opt out of communication by following the instructions within the text or email, or please contact Andersons at:
Email: privacy@Andersonsinc.com
Postal Mail: The Andersons, Inc.
1947 Briarfield Boulevard
Maumee, OH 43537
Attention: Information Security
Phone: +1-419-893-5050
© 2018 The Andersons, Inc.
Our Mission
We firmly believe that our Company is a powerful vehicle through which we channel our time, talent, and energy in pursuit of the fundamental goal of serving God by serving others. Through our collective action, we greatly magnify the impact of our individual efforts to:
Provide extraordinary service
Help each other improve
Support our communities
Increase the value of our Company
Company News
The Andersons, Inc. Hosts 2020 Investor Day
Posted on December 08 2020
The Andersons, Inc. Reports Third Quarter Results
Posted on November 03 2020
The Andersons, Inc. to Release Third Quarter Results on November 3
Posted on October 13 2020
Four Groups. One Company.
The Andersons grows enduring relationships through extraordinary service, a deep knowledge of the market and a knack for finding new ways to add value as we have done for more than 70 years.
Trade
Plant Nutrient
Ethanol
Rail