https://www.aspensurgical.com/about-us/terms-conditions/
Hill-Rom Website
Explore our surgical brands
World class patient positioning systems
Global leader of speciality medical products
Global leader of speciality surgical products
Home
About Us
Terms of Use
About Us
Management
Value Proposition, Mission, Core Values
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Find My Local Sales Rep
Terms of Use
T&C
CPPA
Request Product Samples
Terms of Use
Aspen Surgical Products, Inc. Web sites are produced by Aspen Surgical Products, Inc. (Aspen Surgical). The entire contents of the Aspen Surgical Web sites are copyrighted and protected by the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. Users may only copy, download or print materials contained in the Aspen Surgical Web sites for their own non-commercial use. The copying, downloading, printing, redistribution or republication of any material contained in an Aspen Surgical Web site for any commercial purpose is prohibited without the express, written permission of Aspen Surgical.
Electronic Communication Notice
Any communications you send to Aspen Surgical or its subsidiaries’ or affiliates’ Web sites by electronic mail are on a non-confidential basis, and Aspen Surgical is under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing, or otherwise using them in any way or for any purpose. Aspen Surgical shall be free to use the content of any such communications, including any ideas, inventions concepts, techniques or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including developing, manufacturing and/or marketing goods or services. The sender of any communications to the Aspen Surgical Web sites shall be responsible for the content and information contained therein, including its truthfulness and accuracy. For more information about how we collect and use data about your site visit, please see our Privacy Policy.
Trademark Notice
Aspen Surgical® is a registered trademark of Aspen Surgical Products, Inc. Trademarks or service marks identifying the products or services described in any of the above mentioned web sites are trademarks or service marks of Aspen Surgical Products, Inc. or Aspen Medical Europe Ltd. Any other trademarks or service marks referred to are the trademarks or service marks of their respective companies.
Warranty Disclaimer
The information on Aspen Surgical Web sites is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties, expressed or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Aspen Surgical makes no representation or warranties that access to its Web sites will be available on a continuous or timely basis, will be uninterrupted or will be error free. In no event shall Aspen Surgical or its affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries or their respective officers, directors or employees be liable for any incidental, consequential, direct or indirect damages, even if informed in advance of the possibility of such damages. Aspen Surgical has not reviewed the accuracy of the content of any Web site linked to any Aspen Surgical Web site. No endorsement of Web sites linked to an Aspen Surgical Web site is made, either express or implied. Use of such links is at your own risk. The Aspen Surgical Web sites contain information about products which may or may not be available outside the country of origin, or may be available under different trade names or trademarks. Nothing on the Aspen Surgical Web sites shall be construed as an offer to sell any product or service to any particular customer or in any particular jurisdiction. Aspen Surgical reserves the right to accept or reject any offer to purchase any products or services. The material presented in the Aspen Surgical Web sites is for general information only. Please contact a representative of Aspen Surgical for further information about the products and services described.
Please login to add items to your list
Forgot your password?
Don't have an account?
You must have a customer account with Aspen Surgical to set up an online account.
If you are new to Aspen Surgical, please download the New customer forms and email to customerservice@aspensurgical.com. Our Customer Service Team will work to create a six-digit account number for you. If you already have an account and don’t know your account number, please call Customer Service at 888-364-7004 or 616-698-7100 to obtain the account number.
Register an Account
close
close
Please enter your email address below so we can send you reset instructions.
close
Please Note: Acceptance of this order is at the discretion of the company. You will be notified of the order status and specific customer pricing by email. Please contact Aspen Surgical customer service to set up an account at 888-364-7004 or 616-698-7100.
Product Name
Quantity
Delete
PO Number (optional)
Notes (optional)
Continue Shopping
Place your order
close
Your order has been placed!
Please Note: Acceptance of this order is at the discretion of the company. You will be notified of the order status and specific customer pricing by email. Please contact Aspen Surgical customer service to set up an account at 888-364-7004 or 616-698-7100.
Return to the site
Our website uses cookies to optimize your visit. By continuing to browse this site without changing your cookie settings, you agree to our use of cookies. To learn more about cookies and how to change your preferences, please read our Privacy Policy.
OK