http://www.thenotepeople.com/privacy-policy/
Notice of Your Financial Privacy Rights
This notice is being provided on behalf of Investors Financial Corporation group of companies, herein “Investors” listed in this Notice of Your Financial Privacy Rights, herein “Notice”.  It describes how information about you is handled and the steps we take to protect your privacy.  We call this information “customer data” or just “data”.  If you have other Investors relationships, you may receive a separate privacy notice describing the practices that apply to those relationships.  If your relationship with us ends, we will continue to handle data about you the same way we handle customer data.
Many Investors companies are required to send privacy notices to their customers.  This Notice is being provided to customers of Investors Financial Corporation companies listed below:
Investors Capital LC
Investors Financial Corporation
Investors Financial LLC
Investors Financial LP
Investors Mortgage LC
Investors Trust LC
Protecting Customer Data
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect customer data.  The only persons who are authorized to have access to it are those who need access to do their jobs.  We require them to keep the data secure and confidential:
your name and address,
income and Social Security number.
We also collect data others give us about you, for example:
information for investment consideration and/or credit applications,
reports from reporting agencies, and
participant information from organizations that purchase products, investments or services from us for the benefit of their member or employees, for example, real property insurance.
Sharing Data
We may share data with affiliated companies and with other companies so that they can perform services for us or on our behalf.  We may, for example, disclose data to other companies for customer service or administrative purposes.  We may disclose limited information such as:
your name,
address, and
other types of information about you to service providers so they can provide credit reporting, collection services and/or marketing services for us.
We may also disclose data as permitted or required by law, for example:
to law enforcement officials,
in response to subpoenas,
to regulators, or
to prevent fraud.
We do not disclose data to Investors affiliates or other companies to allow them to market their product or services to you.  We may tell you about a product or service that Investors’ companies or other companies offer.  If you respond, that company will know that you were in the group selected to receive the information.
Annual Notices
We will send notices at least once a year, as federal and state laws require.  We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time.
If you have any questions about this Notice please give us a call toll free at (800) 851-4648.
What’s it Worth? Get your FREE, NO OBLIGATION quote now!
Contact Us
Please take advantage of our invitation to contact us. You will find the staff at Investors Financial eager to assist you and answer your questions.We look forward to hearing from you.
Please click the box next to "I'm not a robot" to verify you are an actual person.
161 East Mallard Drive, Suite 100
Boise, Idaho 83706
PH: (800) 851-4648 | FX: (208) 345-8949