http://www.beckettair.com/privacy-policy
Thank you for visiting the Beckett Air Inc. web site. Beckett Air is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no personal information about you, beyond that which is listed below, unless you choose to provide that information to us. Such information is securely stored within the Beckett Air’s private network.
Information Automatically Collected
If you read or download information, we automatically collect and store:
Requested web page
Domain from which you access the Internet (e.g. att.net)
Date and time you access our site
Status of the request (e.g. success or failure)
Type and version of your web browser (Firefox, Explorer, etc.)
Operating system (Windows, Mac, Linux, etc.) of the machine running the web browser
Information Voluntarily Provided to Us
You are not required to register or provide information to us in order to visit this website. To obtain information, services, or products via this website, or to allow Beckett Air to respond to your requests for information or quotations, you may be asked to voluntarily provide non-public, personal information. Examples of personal information might include your name, address, or telephone number. We use your information to provide the information, products, or services you requested and to enhance your use of this website.
Beckett Air is the owner of the information collected on this site, and we do not sell or rent your name or private information to third parties. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Beckett Air.
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow industry accepted security measures to protect this information. No method of transmission of information over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable methods of protecting your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Beckett Air will not be held liable for information disclosed to third parties for any reason, including acts of inadvertence, negligence, or security attacks on our website or electronic storage systems
Sharing Information with Other Organizations or Individuals
Some information may also be shared with Beckett Air business partners and other organizations and individuals with which Beckett Air has established a strategic alliance or other contractual relationship. The primary purpose behind the sharing of information is to better the services being provided to you by Beckett Air and by the organizations and individuals for which Beckett Air has established contractual relationships. Information will also be used to improve Beckett Air sales, marketing, and business development efforts.
Links & Disclaimer
Our web site has links to many other organizations with their permission. Upon leaving the Beckett Air web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. Beckett Air is not responsible for the availability of the systems being linked to and these links are provided to you as a service for you to better understand the different business relationships that Beckett Air has established.
Language
This English-language Privacy Policy is Beckett Air’s official statement of its online privacy practices. In case of any inconsistency between this English-language Privacy Policy and its translation into another language, this English-language document controls.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to make these changes without notice to you. Any changes become effective immediately upon posting of the revised policy to our website.
For More Information
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to customerservice@beckettair.com or writing to us at Beckett Air, Inc., PO Box 1236, Elyria, OH 44036.
GET CONNECTED
Contact Us
Employment Opportunities
Rep Directory
Privacy Policy
© 2014 Beckett Air Corporation. All rights reserved.
|   ™ Beckett Air, Key Rivet and AirBlaster are trademarks for air flow products sold by Beckett Air Incorporated.
|    Privacy Policy