http://www.valves.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy covers our use of your personal information which is collected through or in connection with this site. For the purposes of this policy, "this site" means the valves.co.uk web site, which may link to other Oliver websites.
Other Oliver websites may contain privacy policies which are different from this privacy policy. This privacy policy relates to the Valves.co.uk website. On your journey around the Oliver web sites please check the privacy policy of each web site which you visit and do not assume that this privacy policy applies to all Oliver websites.
Who is responsible for the personal information collected on this site?
Oliver Valves Limited, Oliver Valvetek Limited and Oliver Twinsafe Limited collectively control the personal data collected on this site.
We collect and use personal information (including name, address, telephone number and email) in order to:
Respond to queries or requests submitted by you.
Process orders or applications submitted by you.
Administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us.
Anticipate and resolve problems with any goods or services supplied to you.
Create products or services that may meet your needs.
Provide you with additional information on our products and services, including via email newsletters.
Monitor web usage, and segment our traffic/audience to improve the quality of service we provide.
Monitoring website usage for statistical analysis
We use third-party tracking programs such as Google Analytics to monitor how you interact with our website. The data we collect is not attributable to you as an individual, and we can cannot identify you based on this information.
We collectively use the gathered information to analyse and improve our most popular resources, and provide you with an enhanced browsing experience. We collect information such as your browser, device type, country, language and how you interact with our website. We may look at how long you used the website for, what links you clicked and what actions you performed. All of this information is collected and collated with other data to provide us with a comprehensive overview of how visitors use our web properties.
We can then use this information to identify areas of improvement, and determine what our most popular resources are.
The Oliver Valves e-mail newsletter
By registering to the Oliver Valves website, you agree to be automatically subscribed to our e-mail newsletter system. We use our newsletters to communicate with our customers and provide you with the latest industry insights. Some of the content distributed via our email newsletters include:
Case Studies showcasing our valve solutions, and how our valves integrate into projects.
Marketing materials - such as press releases, the latest company news and announcements of new products/services.
Industry insights and forecast analysis - such as analysing the Oil and Gas market, and providing you with an insight into the direction of the industry as a whole.
We will never allow a third-party to distribute emails to our members, and all emails will originate from Oliver Valves. We will never send spam, and will only ever send content that we feel will be relevant to your interests and requirements.
It should also be noted that you can unsubscribe from our email newsletter at any time. You can unsubscribe by following the appropriate link on the email. Once unsubscribed from our email newsletter, you will never receive another email from us unless you subsequently request to be re-added. If you would like to contact us regarding our email newsletter, please email webmaster@valves.co.uk.
Using your personal information with consent
From time to time we would like to use your personal information for purposes other than as set out in the above section. We believe that these additional uses will be of benefit to you. However, we understand that you may not wish us to use your information in this way. We will not use your information for the purposes set out below unless you have positively consented to us using your information in this way when submitting the information or later and have not subsequently opted out. Additionally, if at any time you wish us to stop using your information for any or all of the below purposes, please let us know. We will stop the use of your information for such purposes as soon as it is reasonably possible to do so. In such case we will, however, continue to use your personal data for the purposes set out in the above section for as long as it is reasonable to do so.
From time to time we would like to use the information you supply to us for:
Market research and tracking of sales data.
Informing you about our products and services, this may include contacting you by telephone.
Giving the information to Oliver affiliate offices and companies, which may be located outside the EEA, to enable them to send you information which may be of interest to you.
Use of your information by affiliates
This site and the services offered on this site may be transferred to one of our affiliated companies in the future either as part of a group restructuring or otherwise. We may therefore transfer your personal information to any affiliated company that in the future owns or operates this site or the services available on this site but such company shall use your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy at all times.
The use of cookies
The valves.co.uk website utilises cookies to provide an enhanced customer experience. We use Cookies to keep track of when you login to our website. By setting a cookie on your computer, we are able to keep you logged into the site for a specific period of time - thus saving you time and effort from having to log back in everytime you access the Members area.
We may also use cookies as part of any analytical software that we use, such as Google Analytics, Piwik or Clicky, or any other software that allows us to track statistical data on our website visitors. By navigating through our website, you consent to the use of cookies to enhance your overall viewing experience. We do not use cookies to identify you as an individual in any way whatsoever, and none of the information we obtain will ever be passed onto third-parties outside of the Oliver Valves Group without your express permission.
From time-to-time, we may also implement other web services for the benefit of our customers, such as File Sharing systems, Intranet-based systems, order tracking systems, forums and other software. These pieces of software may utilize cookies to ensure that the login and browsing experience is smooth.
It is possible to disable cookies completely through your browser. Popular browsers such as Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Opera allow you to disable websites from setting cookies. If you do not consent to the use of cookies across the internet, you should consult the documentation provided by your browser to disable cookies. Please be aware that disabling cookies in your browser will detrimentally affect your internet browsing experience, and may actually prevent you from accessing all of, or part of the Oliver Valves websites and web services.
Forums, notice boards and blogs
We may collect the information that you disclose. Such information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy. Please note that we cannot be responsible for other parties' use of the personal information which you make available to such third parties through any forums, notice board, blogs etc on this site. Please be careful about what personal information you disclose in this way.
Keeping your records accurate
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us with, please contact us.
Security of your personal data
We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available, as appropriate.
Use of your personal information submitted to other web sites
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other web sites even if:
You accessed the third party web site using links from our web site;
or
You arrived at our website from a link on a third-party website.
We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such web site if you have any concerns or questions.
Will this privacy policy change?
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy. If we make any substantial changes to this privacy policy and the way in which we use your personal data we will post these changes on this page and will do our best to notify you of any significant changes. Please check our privacy policy on a regular basis.
How can you contact us?
If at any time you would like to contact us about our privacy policy, you can do so by emailing us at privacy@valves.co.uk
Copyright 2020 © Oliver Valves Limited, Parkgate Industrial Estate, Cheshire WA16 8DX
Privacy Policy