http://www.simon-solutions.net/policy
Home
About Us
Mission Statement
Executives
Employers
Job Seekers
Resume Tips
Job Postings
Contact Us
Join Us
Privacy Policy
SimonSolutions Consulting Group Inc, is committed to maintaining the
privacy and security of the personal information of our clients,
applicants and employees. SimonSolutions' privacy policy reflects
these principles and also will conform to any privacy requirements
in the areas in which we do business.
We use personal
information and other data collected through our website to provide
you with information regarding employment opportunities and
career-related information and to otherwise provide you with
requested information or services. We may also use your personal
information to send you automated email messages or marketing
materials regarding our services, including employment information.
Personal information will not be sold, traded or released
to any organization beyond SimonSolutions and its clients.
SimonSolutions will take reasonable precautions to store
personal information in a secure environment that cannot be accessed
by unauthorized persons inside or outside of SimonSolutions.
Revisions to the policy: if we change this privacy policy,
we will post any updates here for your review. This policy is
effective as of November 2011. If you have any questions about our
website privacy policy, please contact us at:
SimonSolutions Consulting Group, Inc. Chalfont PA 18914
This site uses your IP address to help diagnose problems
with our server and to administer our site.
This site records the browser type to monitor market
penetration of various web browsers so we can better determine the
Internet technologies we may utilize in the design of our pages.
This site uses page referrer data - that is, information
about the page that linked you to this page - to determine to what
extent our page is referenced by other resources on the Web.
This data may be used to preserve the integrity of our
computing resources.
Personal Information
This site collects name and contact information, education and work
history, as well as other work preferences.
This information is used to advertise candidates to
employers. E-mail addresses may be used to send occasional updates on
SimonSolutions job openings.
We share contact information only with our clients who are
companies who have hired SimonSolutions to fill positions.
A user may set their resume to be confidential so that an
employer may contact them via a form on our site, but the candidates
name, address, e-mail address and phone number are kept confidential.
A user may access their resume candidate homepage where
they may change any of their personal information.
Cookies
This site stores the user's login information whenever a user chooses
to have the site remember them, so they do not have to login each
time they return to the site.