http://www.practicon.com/content--name-privacy-policy
skip to main content
Accessibility
1-800-959-9505
DIGITAL CATALOG
CONTACT US
EMAIL SIGN UP
MY ACCOUNT
0
Mobile Menu
Our commitment to you during these uncertain times >>
Policies and Warranty
Value Protection Guarantee
We Guarantee Your Satisfaction
You must be completely satisfied with every order you receive, period. If this is not the case, we will gladly offer you an exchange, a credit to your account, or a refund of your purchase price.
Personal Customer Service
When you call our toll-free number, your call will be answered promptly by one of our friendly customer service representatives based right here in North Carolina. All of us are here for only one reason: you!
30-Day Price Matching
If you find a lower regular price on the same item within 30 days of your invoice, we will gladly credit your account for the full difference.
Same-Day Shipping
Orders received by 3:00 p.m. Eastern time ship the same day. We meet this goal 99% of the time, with the rest almost always on the way within 24 hours. Not perfect yet, but we’re working on it.
Contact Information
Our mailing address is:
Practicon, Inc.
1112 Sugg Parkway
Greenville, North Carolina 27834
USA
Our email address is: ccr@practicon.com.
Our toll-free telephone number from anywhere in the US or Canada is 1-800-959-9505. We can also be reached at 252-752-5183. Our FAX number is 252-752-2439.
Misprints
We offer our lowest prices at all times. However, misprints do occasionally happen. In the event of a pricing error, we reserve the right not to sell any item at an incorrectly quoted price. Prices are subject to change without notice.
Privacy/Security/Fraud Prevention
Thank you for being a Practicon customer
Your business is important to us, and so is your right to privacy. As a customer, and
additionally when you subscribe to our email list, the information you provide
is used to send you details of new products, special offers, news, etc. Practicon,
Inc. fully complies with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. You can request to
unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of every email, by
emailing ccr@practicon.com or
by telephoning 1-800-959-9505. Practicon believes in protecting
your information. Below is our Privacy Policy, which describes the information
we may collect when you use/visit our website (Practicon.com) or through our
call center. By using these services, you agree to the collection, use and
disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If
you do not agree to collection of data, please do not use the website. This
Privacy Statement addresses the following:
Information We Automatically Collect
We may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to automatically
collect certain information when you use practicon.com, or interact with our
emails or advertisements for and upon our site. A cookie is a data file that is
sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard
drive. For example, we may automatically collect information such as your IP
address, geolocation data, unique user ID, mobile phone model, type of
electronic device, its operating system, and Internet Service Provider. We also
may collect information about your use of practicon.com, such as the time you
spend using the site, the number of times you return, whether you
click-through, open, or forward links, emails, and adverts. These technologies,
such as cookies, allow us to keep track of your order as you browse on our
site, recognize registered users when they visit, and to provide customers with
relevant information to be used in adverts for these customers. If you register
with or order from us, we may use cookies or other technologies to monitor and
maintain information about your purchase information and your web activity. If
you do not register with or buy from us, we may monitor and maintain
information about your use in order to provide you with more relevant content
and advertising in situations such as retargeting adverts when you visit other
websites after to your visit to practicon.com.
You may adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline
cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the
site.
Even without a cookie, you can still utilize all benefits and most of the
features of our Site, including making a purchase, but we will not be able to
recognize you as a registered user unless you log in. Our system may not
respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. We may
use certain third parties to provide you with more relevant online advertising
based on your activities on our site. For certain service providers, such as
social media platforms, and on your mobile device, you can adjust your privacy
and advertising settings to limit your tracking for advertising or control
whether you receive more relevant advertising.
Information You Provide to Us
We only collect certain information from you when you provide it to us, such as
when you: register; place an order, or contact us. The information we collect
from you may include your name, mailing address, daytime telephone number,
mobile phone number, email address, account user name and password, and payment
information. If you use a third party login to register or otherwise link to
us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party (such as
Facebook as an example) based on your registration and privacy settings on that
third party service.
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including social
networks that you use to connect with us. This information may include name,
user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information,
interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity.
We may also combine the information we receive from and about you, including
the information you provide to us on the website, information we receive from
third parties, information we automatically collect (as explained above), and
information provided or collected offline when you order directly from our
location.
Registration (My Account)
We encourage you to register when purchasing on our site, however registration
is not required. Our site registration requires users to provide contact
information (such as name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile
phone number, email address, log in name and password). You must be 13 years of
age or older to register. Registration helps us to provide you with a quick and
simple checkout experience. The customer contact information you provide will
be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your questions
and, unless you choose to opt-out, to send you communications about upcoming
sales, contests, promotions and product information. You acknowledge and agree
that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
registration information and password. You are responsible for all use of practicon.com
under your registered account.
Information Use
We may use the information we collect from and about you for the following
purposes:
To
provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience;
To
process your orders, contact you concerning the status of an order, answer
any of your questions, or otherwise contact and communicate with you
To
provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on
the Service, other websites or via text message, and to contact you about
upcoming Practicon sales, promotions, and product information
To
allow you to participate in promotions
To
help us learn more about our website to improve their purchasing
experience and our business;
To
address problems with the website, and to protect the security of the practicon.com
and our business;
To
contact you about upcoming promotions and otherwise as described to you at
the point of collection.
Information Disclosure
We may disclose the information we collect from and about you as follows:
To our
service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a
business, professional, or technical support function for us.
For
payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk
reduction, website evaluation and data analysis, and distributing
marketing and promotional material.
To
comply with the law, to respond to governmental inquiries or requests, to
enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or
safety.
Otherwise,
with your consent.
As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might
sell or buy online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information
about customers often is among the transferred assets. Accordingly, in the
unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired
by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets. Should
such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to require that
the transferee use personal information provided through Practicon consistent
with this Privacy Policy.
We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about practicon.com
users with third parties.
Updating Your Information
Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal
information you provide to us. If you have registered with us, you may update
your personal information through your registered account on practicon.com at
any time. If you elect to delete some or all of your personal information, keep
in mind that we may retain transactional data in accordance with various laws,
regulations and our Company's retention policy. Please read further in the
policy for more detail in regards to opting out.
Changes To Our Privacy Statement
We may amend this Privacy Statement at any time. If we make any changes in the
way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you
by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, and/or
by posting notice of the changes on practicon.com.
Option To Opt-out and Disclosure
You also have the right to access your personal data, including information about the manner in which it was collected, where it is stored, and the usage of said personal
data (listed above). At all times, you have the option of "opting
out" By this, you may request at any time to have all of your data removed
from all collection points (regardless of the length of time in which we
collected and used this data), and you will receive confirmation that it has
been completed. Please note that any subsequent transaction will involve
obtaining and storing personal data.
If you choose to opt-out of the email database (by either unsubscribing on the
website, through the customer contact center (phone), or by using the
unsubscribe link found within emails), you may continue to receive
non-marketing email messages from us, including, but not limited to,
information pertaining to your order in a purely transactional capacity.
California Consumer Privacy Act (Effective January 1, 2020)
Per the CCPA, as a California resident, you have the right to opt-out at any time. To do so, please contact ccr@practicon.com or call 1-800-959-9505. For more details on consumer rights under CCPA, please click here.
Security Of Information
Our website uses industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL)/Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology, to
provide encryption of personal information such as your name, address and
credit card details. In this way, information passed between your computer and
our website cannot be read in the unlikely event of someone intercepting it.
All credit and debit card transactions are secure. We will only accept orders
using SSL/TLS technology-this means you cannot inadvertently reveal
personal information by using an unsecured connection. In order for SSL/TLS  security to work, you must use an SSL/TLS enabled browser.
Please note that email encryption is not always secure, so please use our
website for placing your order. If you still have reservations, you can call to
place your order at 1-800-959-9505 or FAX it to 1-800-278-0885.
We do not show your credit card details on any paperwork. To prevent fraudulent
or unauthorized use of credit cards for first-time buyers, we insist that your
first order is delivered directly to the card holder's registered address.
Additionally, we randomly select orders for authorization checks prior to
processing.
Data Security
In the event of a data breach where your personal information is at risk, we
are obligated to notify you, the consumer, as to the extent of the data breach,
and what steps are being undertaken to resolve the issue. By law, if your
personal data is compromised, we will notify you within 72 hours upon learning
of the security incident.
Links To Other Websites
Practicon.com contains links to other sites, which may have privacy policies
that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or
content of such other websites or apps. Accordingly, we recommend that you
review the Privacy Statement posted on any website or app that you access
through practicon.com. The terms and conditions herein do not apply to any such
linked websites or apps. Practicon does not endorse any linked websites or
apps, or the information, materials, products or services that are contained in
or accessible through such linked websites or apps. Practicon disclaims all
warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information, materials,
products and services that are contained in or accessible through linked
websites or apps, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
You acknowledge and agree that Practicon is not responsible for the content,
accuracy, legality, decency, copyright compliance, privacy practices, security
or any other aspects of any such linked websites or apps, and that the access
or use of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and you
hereby waive any and all claims against Practicon with respect to usage of
these third party applications and or websites.
Exclusive Email Deals!
Be the first to know about discounts on products & shipping.
Email Sign Up:
Making Dentistry Better
Established in 1982, Practicon, Inc. began with a vision of improving dental health and dentists' professional success through patient education. Building on this mission to Make Dentistry Better, the family business has grown to become a leading developer and marketer of "Practical Innovations" that provide innovative solutions to common problems. Learn more >>
FREE RESOURCES
Check out all of the Free Resources for your practice here!
Shop Using Our
Digital Catalog
Customer Service
Shipping & Returns
Catalog Request
Policies & Warranty
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
SDS Library
Online Bill Pay
Accessibility
Get to Know Us
About Practicon
Careers
FAQs
Contact Us
Exclusive Programs
Premier Membership
Wholesale/Dealer Program
Government Sales (ECAT)
Frasaco Dental Simulation Models
More Programs
New Product Ideas
Charity
Trade Shows
Sitemap
Copyright©
Practicon Inc. - 1112 Sugg Parkway - Greenville, NC 27834 - USA
All rights reserved. The original images, graphics, and text herein contain the proprietary information of Practicon, Inc. and cannot be used without written permisson.
Back To Top
Loading....
Loading....