https://www.spcint.com/cookie-policy
World class IT hardware support - globally
SPC UK
Repairs
Remarketing
Hardware & Solutions
Portal
Cookie Policy Cookies used by this site Below is a summary of the cookies used in this website:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Cookie preference
VSICookieStatus
This cookie is used to remember that a user has been shown the cookie information panel and accepted it.
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc _utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
ASP.NET cookies ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie is essential for use of the website, as it creates an anonymous "session" that allows the website to respond to your requests. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser. Visit the Microsoft website
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Opting out of Cookies Most web browsers allow some control of non-essential cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. One thing to note: if you opt to not allow the saving of cookies using your browser, you are likely to see the Cookie Information pop-up every time you visit most websites, as it is likely your preference will not be saved. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Call Us
+44 (0)1895 203120
sales@spcint.com
repairs@spcint.com
Product Search
Search
Terms & Conditions | Site Map | Copyright | Data Protection | Accessibility
SPC International Ltd. is a limited company registered in England. VAT Reg: GB 710 5916 55. Company Registration: 4722278.
Registered Office: SPC International Ltd., Unit 4, Kennet House, Langley Quay, Waterside Drive, Slough, Berkshire, SL3 6EY
Accept & Close
Cookies
This website uses 'cookies' to give you the best, most relevant experience. Using this website means you're happy with this. You can find out more about the cookies used by clicking this link.