http://www.contemporarycosmetics.com/privacy-policy
Cart
0
HOME
Contract Filling
Custom Formulas
Contract Manufacturing
Past Projects
PRIVATE LABEL
ABOUT US
Back
HISTORY
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY At Contemporary Cosmetic Group, Inc. we value your privacy and therefore have adopted this Privacy Policy, effective as of the date written above.  In this Privacy Policy, “Website” refers to contemporarycosmetics.com; the words “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Contemporary Cosmetic Group, Inc., a Delaware for-profit corporation, and its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns; and the words “you”, “your”, and “user” refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing or using the Website and the respective owners, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns, and heirs of these parties.This Privacy Policy makes disclosures concerning our collection of information, including personal information, when you use the Website, and how we use and disclose it to others.  By using the Website, you acknowledge and agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect personal and non-personal information when you provide it to us in the course of using the Website.  The personal information that we may collect includes any information that you include in any email or message sent through or posted to the Website.  This information is generally stored on our servers or those of our Internet Service Provider(s) (“ISP[s]”) but is not typically used by us to personally identify you, but may be used for that purpose to prevent abuse of the Website or to comply with applicable laws.  The non-personal information that we may collect includes your browser type and version, ISP, operating system and version, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the URL of the website you were visiting prior to coming to the Website.  The non-personal information is not typically used by us to personally identify you and is not readily usable for that purpose.  In addition, if you communicate with us regarding the Website or any of our products, we collect any information that you provide to us during the course of our communication.We may use analytic and reporting technologies to record non-personal information such as Internet domain and host names, IP addresses, browser software and version, operating system and version, click patterns, and the dates and times that the Website is accessed by you.  We may contract with one or more third parties to help us manage, monitor, and optimize the Website and measure the effectiveness of our advertising, communications, and use of the Website.  We may use web beacons and cookies (described below) for this purpose.USE OF INFORMATION FOR INTERNAL PURPOSES We use your personal information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Website and the products we sell, to provide customer support, and to verify your identity, references, and credentials as applicable.  We use the non-personal information we collect to track the use of the Website and to assist us in providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the Website and the products we sell.DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIESWe will disclose your personal information to protect or enforce our legal rights and policies, to protect or enforce the legal rights of a third party, or where we in good faith believe we are required to do so by law (such as complying with a subpoena or court order).  We may contract with various third parties who help us provide, maintain, and improve the Website and the products we sell, and such third parties may have access to your personal information in order to perform their services.  For example, we use a third party to process payments made to us, and may subcontract our content creation, information verification, production, fulfillment, analytics, reporting, or other operations.  We may contract with third-party contractors to help us manage, monitor, and optimize the Website and the products we sell.  We may also use third-party contractors to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and communications.DISCLOSURE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIESWe may disclose non-personal information, in aggregate form, to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others.  You may not opt out of the sharing of this information, except by choosing not to use the Website or purchase our products.USE OF COOKIES AND WEB BEACONSA cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.  Most web sites use cookies.  A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually not larger than one pixel wide by one pixel tall that is placed on a web page or in an email and that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Website or receiving the email.  We may use cookies and/or web beacons to track your use of the Website, provide you with a more personalized user experience, and facilitate your logging in to the Website, if applicable.  Cookies and web beacons used by us will not be linked to your personal information.HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe protection of your personal information is important to us.  We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it; however, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure or failsafe.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee absolute security.  We are not responsible for the unauthorized acts of others and assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access (such as through hacking or theft of computers) or other acts of third parties, or acts or omission beyond our reasonable control.REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou may obtain a copy of and request that we correct errors in your personal information by emailing us at the contact us page.  If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal information on file with us, you will be required to provide proof of your identity.  If your personal information changes or if you no longer want to access or use the Website, you may contact customer service through the Website or simply stop using the Website.APPLICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY WHEN YOU ACCESS THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES You may be able to access third-party web sites directly from the Website.  This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third-party web sites.  We cannot control how third parties may use personal or non-personal information you disclose to them, or that they collect, so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third-party web site you visit before using it or disclosing your personal information to its proprietor.CHILDREN'S PRIVACYOur Website and the products we sell are intended for and, per the Terms and Conditions, limited to those 13 years of age and older.  Therefore, it is unlikely that children under the age of 13 will use the Website or purchase the products we sell.  Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 13.  In addition, we will delete any information in any of our databases that we know or later learn originates from a child under the age of 13.  If a minor has provided personal information to us, the minor or the minor’s parent or legal guardian may request removal from our database by contacting us. OPTING OUT FROM RECEIVING COMMUNICATION FROM USYou may opt out from having your personal information used for certain purposes.  For example, if you purchase a product from the Website but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from our private label cosmetic company, you may indicate your preference by contacting customer service through the Website.If you no longer wish to receive any promotional or other communications from us, you may opt out by following the instructions included at the bottom of each email or by contacting customer service through the Website.  If that is unsuccessful for any reason, you may contact us.CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time.  We will notify you by email or on the Website whenever there is a change in our Privacy Policy.Contemporary Cosmetic, Inc.P.O. Box 1026Fair Lawn, NJ 07410