https://www.englishgerman.co.uk/data-privacy-policy/
Close
Services
Translations (Business)
Translations (Private Clients)
Using my translation service
Proofreading Services
How to use my proofreading service
Speeches
Pricing and Payment Terms
Projects
Projects
Project Example: Wedding Speech
Editing and Proofreading of “No Escape”
Comic book translation “The Green Man”
Testimonials
Testimonials from Students & Private Clients
(Wedding) Speeches Feedback
Book Translations – Feedback
Testimonials from Agencies and Business Clients
Contact
Deutsch
Our Agreement
Data Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Translator Blog
EnglishGerman.co.uk
Services
Translations (Business)
Translations (Private Clients)
Using my translation service
Proofreading Services
How to use my proofreading service
Speeches
Pricing and Payment Terms
Projects
Projects
Project Example: Wedding Speech
Editing and Proofreading of “No Escape”
Comic book translation “The Green Man”
Testimonials
Testimonials from Students & Private Clients
(Wedding) Speeches Feedback
Book Translations – Feedback
Testimonials from Agencies and Business Clients
Contact
Deutsch
1. Controller’s Name and Contact Details
The controller in charge for data processing on this website within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is
Johanne Ostendorf
106 Melbreck, Ashurst
Skelmersdale, Lancashire
WN8 6SZ
United Kingdom
Phone: 0044 (0)1695 55 88 33
Email: info@englishgerman.co.uk
2. General Information on Data Processing
This data protection declaration explains to you the type, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as “data”) within our online offer. With regard to the terms used, such as “processing” or “person responsible”, we refer to the definitions in Art. 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The purpose of such processing is the provision of the online offer, its functions and contents as also responding to contact enquiries and communication with users, security measures and marketing.
This website uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of personal data and other confidential content (e.g. enquiries to the person responsible). You can recognise an encrypted connection by the character string “https://” and the lock symbol in your browser.
2.1 Scope of personal data processing
We only process the personal data of our website users as far as this is necessary to provide a functional website as well as our contents and services. The processing of our users’ personal data is only carried out with the user’s consent. An exception applies in those cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for proper reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by law.
2.2 Legal basis for the processing of personal data
Data processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website. The data will not be passed on or used in any other way. However, we reserve the right to check the server log files subsequently, if there are any concrete indications of illegal use.
2.3 Data deletion and storage time
The personal data of the person concerned will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to apply. Furthermore, data may be stored if this has been provided for by European or national regulations, laws or other provisions the person responsible is subject to. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract.
3. Provision of the Website and Creation of Log Files
3.1 Description and scope of data processing
When you visit our website, we automatically collect certain data that is technically necessary for us to display the website to you. The following data is collected:
information on the browser type and version used
the user’s operating system
Internet service provider of the user
the user’s IP address
date and time of access
websites from which the user’s system accesses our website
websites accessed by the user’s system via our website
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 para. 1 point f GDPR.
3.2 Purpose of data processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to the user’s computer. For this the IP address of the user must remain stored for the duration of the session. The data is stored in log files to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, the data serves us to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
3.3 Duration of data storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is when the respective session has ended and, if the data is stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Further storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that an assignment of the calling client is no longer possible.
3.4 Possibility to object to data collection
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no possibility of objection to this data collection on the part of the user.
4. The Use of Cookies
4.1 Description and scope of data processing
We use so-called cookies on our site for the recognition of multiple use of our offer by the same user/internet connection owner and to enable the use of certain functions. Cookies are small text files that your Internet browser stores on your computer. They serve to optimize our website and our offers. These are usually so-called “session cookies”, which are deleted after the end of your visit. In some cases, however, these cookies provide information in order to automatically recognise you. This recognition is based on the IP address stored in the cookies. The information obtained in this way serves to optimize our offers and to provide you with easier access to our site.
The user data collected in this way is pseudonymised by technical precautions. Therefore, it is no longer possible to assign the data to the calling user. The data will not be stored together with other personal data of the users. When you visit a website, an information banner informs you about the use of cookies for analytical purposes and refers you to the data privacy declaration. In this context, there is also a note on how the storage of cookies can be prevented in the browser settings.
4.2 Legal basis for data processing
Art. 6, para. 1 point f of the GDPR constitutes the legal basis for the processing of personal data.
4.3 Purpose of data processing
The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for users. Some of our website’s functions cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For this it is necessary that the browser is recognised even after a change of pages. The user data collected by technically necessary cookies is not used to create user profiles. The analysis cookies are used to improve the quality of our website and its content. By means of the analysis cookies we learn how the website is used and thus, can continuously optimise our offer. All of this is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR to safeguard our legitimate interests in providing the best possible functionality of the website and a customer-friendly and effective design for each page visited.
4.4 Storage duration, options to object to and deletion of cookies
Cookies are stored on the user’s computer and transmitted from that computer to our site. Therefore, you, as a user, have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to utilise the full functionality of the website. All of this is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR to safeguard our legitimate interests in providing the best possible functionality for the website and a customer-friendly and effective design for the pages visited.
Each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings. The relevant information is described in the help menu of each browser. There you will learn how you can change your cookie settings. You will find this information for the respective browsers under the following links:
Internet Explorer: https://windows.microsoft.com/de-DE/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben-und-ablehnen
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=de&hlrm=en&answer=95647
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=de_DE
Opera: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/de/cookies.html
You can manage your preferences regarding online advertising based on usage through the website https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ (EU) and also via the website https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (USA). Both sites offer you the opportunity to file a general objection with a large number of providers who use tracking cookies for online marketing based on usage.
5. Contact
If you contact us (e.g. via our contact form or email), personal data is collected. The nature of the data collected in the case of our contact form is clearly visible on the contact form. Mandatory fields are marked accordingly. This data is stored and used exclusively for the purpose of responding to your request or for establishing contact and for the associated technical administration. The legal basis for processing data is our legitimate interest in responding to your request in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR. If your contact is aimed at concluding a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) point b GDPR. Your data will be deleted after final processing of your enquiry; this is the case if it can be inferred from the circumstances that the facts in question have been finally clarified, provided that there are no legal storage obligations to the contrary.
6. Integration of Third Party Services or Content
6.1 Google Fonts
This site uses web fonts provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”) to uniformly display fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required Web fonts into its browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. To do this, the browser you are using must connect to Google’s servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 point f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, your computer uses a default font.
Further information on Google Web Fonts is available in the Google’s Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
6.2. Google reCAPTCHA
Our website uses Google reCAPTCHA to check and prevent automated servers (“bots”) from accessing and interacting with our website. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).
Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active Google guarantees that it will follow the EU’s data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
This service allows Google to determine from which website your request has been sent and from which IP address the reCAPTCHA input box has been used. In addition to your IP address, Google may collect other information necessary to provide and guarantee this service.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the security of our website and in the prevention of unwanted, automated access in the form of spam or similar. Google offers detailed information at https://policies.google.com/privacy concerning the general handling of your user data.
7. Rights of the Data Subject
If your personal data is being processed then you are a data subject within the scope of the GDPR and the applicable data protection law grants a data subject the following rights vis-à-vis the person responsible:
Right of access by the data subject pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR
Right to rectification pursuant to Art. 16 GDPR
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR
Right to restriction of processing pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR
Right to data portability pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR
Right to withdraw a given consent pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR
Right to lodge a complaint pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR
8. Right to object
If we process your personal data, within the scope of a weighing up of interests, on the basis of our overriding legitimate interest, you have, at any time, the right to revoke your consent to such processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR. If you exercise your right of objection, we will stop processing the data concerned. However, we reserve the right to further processing if we can prove that we have compelling reasons for such processing that are worthy of protection and that outweigh your interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms, or if the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If we process personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have, at any time, the right to exercise your right to object to such processing of personal data for the purpose of such advertising. You can exercise your right to object as described above. If you exercise your right of objection, we will stop processing the data concerned for direct advertising purposes. Notwithstanding the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002/58/EC, you have the option to exercise your right of objection by means of automated procedures using technical specifications in connection with the use of information society services.
Back to top
About “English to German” A professional translation and proofreading service by an independent translator with vast work experience built up over the years since 1994 who, refreshingly, takes a real interest in your work and doesn’t just treat you as an order to be processed.
ServicesProofreading Services
Translations – Business Clients
Translations – Private Clients
Speeches
Our Agreement
Quick AccessPricing & Payment
Contact
Testimonials
Legal Notice
Data Privacy Policy
On Dictionaries and the Translation Service
Quick Contact
Got an urgent Job? A couple of minutes to submit your enquiry and you will soon have a good idea of how well we could work together.
© 2002 - 2020 | Johanne Ostendorf (English-German Translator) | German Translation Services + Proofreading
Search: