https://www.environmentalcoatings.co.uk/privacy-policy
Categories
Toggle navigation
Remmers Coatings
Joinery Internals (5)
Joinery Sundries (7)
Woodstain Joinery Coatings (7)
Opaque Joinery Coatings (9)
See All Remmers Coatings
Brush Applied Coatings
Brush Applied Opaques (3)
Brush Applied Woodstain (7)
See All Brush Applied Coatings
Cladding products
EnviroClad (3)
Profiles accessories for Rainscreen Cladding (9)
See All Cladding products
Spray Equipment
Wiwa (3)
Airlessco (4)
Sata (3)
See All Spray Equipment
How to Videos
Cladding Gallery
Sales
Blog
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Environmental Coatings (U.K.) Limited does not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.
Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the 'Remember Me' Option. They are also used after you have logged on as part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by going to 'Tools | Internet Options | Privacy' and selecting to block cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use cookies. Data collected by this site is used to:
Take and fulfil customer orders.
Administer and enhance the site and service.
Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes.
If you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may interest you.
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
You should be aware that if the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities requests us to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information we are entitled do so.
Free Shipping & Delivery
On orders over 60ltrs
01623 634 281
Free phone support
admin@environmentalcoatings.co.uk
Free email support
We are OPEN!
Products ordered through our website could take up to 3 weeks to complete during the COVD19 Epidemic. Click off this message to close.