https://www.outdoorresearch.com/us/terms-of-use
Outdoorresearch.com Terms of Use
By viewing, registering, posting, or in any other way using Outdoorresearch.com, you agree to adhere to these Terms of Use, regardless of whether or not you are registered or logged-in. This agreement is between you ("you" or "your") and Outdoor Research ("we" or "us").
YOU AGREE, THROUGH YOUR USE OF OUTDOORRESEARCH.COM, THAT YOU WILL:
1. Be a grownup (posting is a privilege). We expect you to post material that is fun, informative, humorous, supportive, thought provoking and real. We expect you to fully and honestly participate in the forum opportunities here in a way that creates a community of people bound by the same passion for human powered adventure. We aren't interested in spam, flooding, advertisements, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations so don't post them. We expect you will not post material which is false, defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of another's privacy, or otherwise in violation of ANY law. While we are not actively monitoring posted messages, we reserve the right to remove postings that, in our opinion, do not meet the spirit of these Terms of Use. Please contact us if you feel we should review a particular posting for appropriateness.
2. RESPECT OTHERS (AND THEY WILL RESPECT YOU)
You are solely responsible for the content of your messages and agree to indemnify and hold harmless Outdoor Research and any related websites like Outdoorresearch.com. We also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or any other information we have about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising out of information posted by you. Copyright protection is real and applies to you. If you create a work, you own it. The same applies to someone else's work; they create it, they own it. United States copyright law states that copyright protection subsists, in original works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression, now known or later developed, from which they can be perceived, reproduced, or otherwise communicated, either directly or with the aid of a machine or device. If you have any doubts about this, check it out at http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap1.html. This applies to all material posted here including, but not limited to, photos and video clips. Respect the material created and posted here. Do not post any copyrighted material here unless you own the copyright or you have consent from the copyright owner. If you use material which you do not have a right to, you are a thief and we prefer you go to someone else's website.
Assets (all imagery, documents, video, logos, etc…) on this site are either property of Outdoor Research or usage has been granted to Outdoor Research from the copyright owner.
Outdoor Research makes usage of all assets available only to authorized reps, retailers, distributors, media or their authorized third parties.
Assets available on this site must only be used to support the Outdoor Research brand.
Assets provided are not allowed to be modified in any way without explicit authorization from Outdoor Research
Photo credit must be given to photographers listed in IPTC metadata available in the photo files. An example of a photo credit is : Copyright 2011 Outdoor Research
Assets are not available for resale.
Assets are not available for distribution beyond marketing support for Outdoor Research.
3. REMEMBER THAT WE ARE NOT YOUR MOTHER (ALTHOUGH WE'RE SURE SHE'S A WONDERFUL PERSON)
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and shall be responsible for all usage of your user account and/or user name, whether or not you authorized that use. Contact the us if you become aware of unauthorized use of your account. Remember that the information posted here is from individuals and has not been approved or reviewed for accuracy by us. If you rely on any information posted here, you do so at your own risk and you will not hold us liable. If you have a commercial connection to a product or company, we expect you to say so when commenting on it. We will amend this Terms of Use from time to time as needed to reflect the ever evolving nature of our business and technology. Revisions will be posted on the site and we expect you to look occasionally. We proudly hail from the Pacific Northwest; Seattle, Washington to be exact. Consequently, any disputes regarding this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of Washington.
PRIVACY POLICY
Many internet users are concerned about the unauthorized usage of their private and confidential information. Outdoor Research may use information internally for advertising and marketing purposes. Outdoor Research does not sell any private or confidential information. The Outdoor Research web site has been secured through internal and external systems to reduce the potential threat of criminal activities. We continue to make every effort to ensure that you have a secure shopping experience with Outdoor Research. If you have any concerns, please e-mail us at
info@outdoorresearch.com All financial transactions on the outdoorresearch.com website are secured via an SSL security certificate using the standard encryption. Credit card numbers and other personal financial information is transferred securely to our credit card processor. Credit card information is not stored permanently on our systems and is only stored for a very short time in order to transfer to our credit card processor.
MERCHANDISE AVAILABILITY & PURCHASING
1) Merchandise availability on our site is not guaranteed as it may be low in stock. If merchandise is not available by the time your order processes, we will notify you of this via email. You will receive a shipping confirmation email once your items have shipped.
2) Outdoor Research reserves the right to cancel any order at any time due to inventory availability, system errors, fraud concerns, or terms and conditions violations.
3) Promotions and Credits include discounts, incentives, offers, and similar opportunities. Promotions and Credits cannot be combined and/or transferred.
4) Discount prices are only valid during sale periods. During sales, stock is limited and only available while supplies last. Sale discounts cannot be combined with other offers. Sale discounts and promotions are not valid on prior purchases, or for items purchased after sale period has ended. Sale discounts have no cash value.
PRO-PURCHASE PROGRAM
Participating in this program is a privilege and there are guidelines that must be followed. Please note that as a buyer in this program, you must enter into an agreement between Outdoor Research and you, the Buyer. Once accepted, you the Buyer shall not sell Outdoor Research product to any individual, department, team or unit for a profit. At no time should Outdoor Research products be sold or diverted for resale in any environment whatsoever-including but not limited to Internet, swap meets or flea markets etc. Participation includes membership in our email newsletters and notifications to the buying group on special buying programs and offers. A new sales agreement will need to be submitted with the Buyer's first order of every calendar year. The Buyer agrees to these terms with initial purchase.
What are you waiting for! Get out there, buy our gear and post a review!
Respectfully submitted,
Outdoor Research
Find a local shop
Find
Hold on
Visiting from another country? Check out our international portal in order to check out with up to date currency and inventory
Find Your Country No thanks, Stay on this page