http://www.checkcity.com/company/wireless-policy/
Check City > Company > Wireless Policy
Cash Advances
Get Cash Now!
Now it’s possible to get cash when you need it with our payday cash advance. Get cash ASAP and pay it back when you get paid.
Check Cashing
Convenient Check Cashing.
Have a check that no one else will cash? Did you forget to cash your paycheck and you need the money now? Cash your check right now with Check City.
Cash for Gold
Did you know Check City buys Gold, Silver, Platinum, and more?
Find a location near you to sell your precious metal today!
Installment Loans
Cash now with flexible payment options.
Get the cash you need, when you need it. Now with more flexible payment options you can pay it back over time.
Business Check Cashing
Are you a business owner seeking immediate cash for supplies, payroll, and payables? Check City cashes checks made payable to your business.
Money Transfers
With Western Union, transfers are easy!
Transfer money around the world. Send or receive money, and the recipient can pick it up at any time with just a photo ID.
Netspend Prepaid Visa
All benefits of a Credit Card and no hassles
You can receive all the benefits of a credit card, without a credit check or bank account with a Check City Netspend Prepaid Debit Card!
Store Customers
Online Payments Now Available!
You read it right! Check City now offers online payments for in-store loans.
Tax Services
Get more back from Uncle Sam!
Our experienced tax professionals will help you take full advantage of your deductions, to help you get back the money that you deserve.
Title Loans
Get the Cash, Keep the Car.
Get a loan today based on the worth of your car. Bring in your car and title and we will assess how much money we can give you today.
Payday Loans
Make Payday Tomorrow!
Cash when you need it is now possible with our payday cash advance. Get money for whatever you need and pay it back when you get paid.
Check City Wireless Policy
DETAILED WIRELESS POLICY
ACCOUNT TRANSACTION DISCLOSURE
Account Transaction Calls (using automatic telephone dialing systems, autodialers, artificial or prerecorded voice and SMS text messages) to your Cell Phone.
Receipt of cell phone calls (including text messages) may be subject to charges from your service provider. Your service provider’s Msg & Data Rates apply to any SMS (Short Message Service) messages. If you have listed a cell phone in the documents we receive from you or you give us an updated cell phone number, then you authorize us, our affiliates, successors in interest, and assigns to call (including sending SMS text messages) using an automatic telephone dialing system or artificial/prerecorded message to your cell phone number. These calls or SMS text messages will provide you with account information and services, such as when you transaction is approved, payment reminders and collection efforts. Message frequency will vary by account. If you have any questions, please contact our Customer Service Team at (800)404-0254. If you do not want to receive such automated calls about your account, you can withdraw consent and remove your SMS information by sending “STOP”, “END”,”CANCEL”, “UNSUBSCRIBE” or “QUIT” to the SMS text message you have received, or text STOP to 43783, or by notifying us at any time in writing at P.O. Box 970028, Orem UT, 84097. For help, email us at textcustomersupport@checkcity.com, text HELP to 43783, or call 1-855-650-2915.
MARKETING INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
Marketing Calls (including calls using automatic telephone dialing systems, autodialers, artificial or prerecorded voice and SMS text messages) to your Cell Phone and Residential Line: If you have opted in, you agree to Check City, our affiliates, successors in interest, and assigns to deliver to your cell phone and your residential line telemarketing calls (including SMS text messages) using an automatic telephone dialing system and artificial/prerecorded message. Receipt of cell phone calls (including text messages) may be subject to charges from yoru service provider. Your service provider Msg & Data Rates apply to any SMS (Short Message Service) messages. You understand that regardless of your choice for “marketing communications”, by providing yoru cell phone number, you have consented to receive account transaction calls (including SMS text messages) using automatic telephone dialing systems and and artificial/prerecorded messages as explained in the “Account Transaction Disclosure” You also acknowledge that Check City is not requiring you to provide authorization for telemarketing calls (including telemarketing SMS text messages) as a condition of obtaining credit or doing business with us.
SUPPORTED CARRIERS
This program is supported by Alltel, AT&T, Boost, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, Virgin Mobil, MetroPCS, T-Mobile, and U.S. Cellular. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undeliverable messages.
Apply Now Or Call 1-800-404-0254
Find A Location | Rates and Fees | Contact Us |
Wireless
Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy |
© 2004-2020 Check City Online. All Rights Reserved.