https://www.jrdirect.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyjrdirect2019-06-23T18:34:25-07:00
Who we are
Our website address is: jrdirect.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Our primary goal in requesting personally identifiable information from you is to provide you, the user, with the information or list news you request. This may include personalization services, interactive communications and other types of services.
Where you have provided personally identifiable information, for a specific purpose, we will strive to ensure any future use will be consistent with that original purpose or within the same industry reference. We do not disclose your personal information to other individuals or businesses.
We are also endeavoring to comply with our government’s legislation in collecting only what is necessary for the operation of the website and we use that information only for the purpose(s) it was collected and the length of time necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
When you visit our website our server collects: Date of access, Time of access, IP of access, Port of access, Files accessed. We do not use cookies. Please note that while some of this information does not identify who you are, other information such as your IP address may identify you. The extent of personalization depends, in large part, on the ‘naming standards’ followed by your internet service provider. You may wish to check with them to inquire about their polices and practices in this regard.
The information collected may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis by JR Direct, and would be only for the purpose of understanding and serving the users of our website better. Please note this data will not be shared with any other individual or business.
Content of Our Web Site
Although we strive to ensure that all information posted on our website is accurate and complete, we cannot guarantee its integrity. Any discrepancies between the information posted on our website and the original paper versions, the paper originals are the authoritative ones.
Data Security
We have physical and electronic policies and procedures in place to protect the information we collect online. However, no matter how effective these measures are, no system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor that the information you supply to us, will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet.
Changes to JR Directs’ Website Privacy Policy
JR Direct reserves the right to update or change this policy at any time. Please click on the Privacy Link at the bottom of the page to review our website policy.
Your Privacy Rights
At anytime you can choose not to continue to receive information you requested previously. Simply follow the instructions provided or reply to the message stating “remove” in the subject line. Your information will be put in our Do Not Contact Suppress file to ensure that your request is honoured to not receive information in the future.
Questions or Concerns
For more information or answers to questions relating to this policy please contact the Privacy Officer by e-mail: privacy@jrdirect.com or by phone at: +1 604 940 0277 or by fax at: +1 604 940 1419.
Go to Top