http://www.ftc.gov/policy/studies/merger-retrospectives
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » Policy » Studies » Merger Retrospective Program
Merger Retrospective Program
Share This Page
Facebook
Twitter
Linked-In
An important way the FTC seeks to promote competition is to challenge anticompetitive mergers that could harm consumers by resulting in higher prices, lower quality, fewer choices, or reduced rates of innovation. Normally, we must assess the likely effects of mergers before they take place in order to challenge those that appear harmful. As the name suggests, a merger retrospective is a study of a merger that has already taken place, perhaps because it went unchallenged or a court ruled that the merger could proceed. Retrospective studies, by using data from before and after mergers, can help us to learn how completed mergers affected prices, quality, consumer choice, and innovation, and they can enable an examination of past enforcement decisions. They can also provide guidance about the types of information and methods of analysis that may help us to better distinguish mergers that are likely to harm consumers from those that are not.
This resource provides a description of the FTC’s program to conduct these studies and provides links to resources for researchers interested in performing original merger retrospectives.
Giving New Focus to the FTC’s Merger Retrospective Program
Since 1984, economists in the FTC’s Bureau of Economics (“BE”) have been conducting retrospective studies of a range of consummated mergers. A summary of this work can be found on the program overview page, and a list of completed studies, with downloadable files, is available on the Retrospective Studies by the Bureau of Economics page.
BE is establishing a more formal retrospective program and committing additional resources to ensure that retrospective research, both inside and outside the agency, can systematically address the questions that are most relevant for the enforcement choices that the Commission makes. Learn more from our comprehensive discussion of new initiatives. Some of the most important initiatives are:
BE management plans to dedicate more time and resources to retrospective projects, including in collaboration with academics and researchers at other agencies.
BE will organize and support sessions devoted to retrospectives at annual Industrial Organization conferences, and devote a session at the BE’s Annual Microeconomics Conference to retrospectives at least once every three years.
The BE Director will provide a publicly available annual summary report on the lessons from recent retrospective studies.
BE will maintain this website devoted to research on retrospectives, including a bibliography of completed studies.
FTC Resources
Program Overview
Retrospective Studies by the Bureau of Economics
Hearing on Merger Retrospectives (April 2019)
US DOJ/FTC Horizontal Merger Guidelines (2010)
US DOJ/FTC Vertical Merger Guidelines (2020)
Related Resources
Merger Retrospectives Studies Bibliography (non-FTC studies)
Reference guide on ex-post evaluation of competition agencies’ enforcement decisions (OECD, 2016)
A review of merger decisions in the EU: What can we learn from ex-post evaluations? (EU, 2015)
Contact Us
We welcome suggestions for additional content that may be helpful or other feedback on this page. Please send feedback to retros@ftc.gov.
Studies
Merger Retrospective ProgramOverview
Retrospective Studies by the Bureau of Economics
Retrospective Studies Bibliography
Remedy Study
Patent Assertion Entities (PAE) Study
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC