https://www.danielstrading.com/legal-notices
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome / Legal NoticesFraud Alert
Privacy Policy Daniels Trading is committed to safeguarding the personal information that you provide us. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle and protect personal information we collect about individuals, such as you, who apply for or receive our products and services. The provisions of this notice apply to former customers as well as our current customers.
Website Policies All content included on this site, including the web site design, software, text, graphics and images is the property of Daniels Trading or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Daniels Trading and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Daniels Trading or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Risk Disclosure This brief statement does not disclose all of the risks and other significant aspects of trading in futures and options. In light of the risks, you should undertake such transactions only if you understand the nature of the contracts (and contractual relationships) into which you are entering and the extent of your exposure to risk. Trading in futures and options is not suitable for many members of the public. You should carefully consider whether trading is appropriate for you in light of your experience, objectives, financial resources and other relevant circumstances.
Primary SidebarTips & Strategies
For decades now, traders’ exposure to interest rates has been confined to allocating some small percentage of retirement funds to some bond fund for some reason like diversification.
Small Stocks (SM75) futures have made new all-time highs 5 of the last 9 trading days (56%). For context, SM75 made new highs just 5% of days going back to 2017. The phenomenon known as “positive drift” dictates that stocks move higher more often than not.
Daniels Trading is nonpartisan and does not endorse political candidates. The purpose of this blog post is to provide objective, unbiased information on what we believe could happen in the markets depending on the outcome of the election or how the election may impact the markets. The content is not intended to convey a preference… Read more.
More Tips & Strategies
Are Energy Stocks Cool Again?Is It Time to Limit Your Exposure to U.S. Dollar Devaluation?Quantifying Stock Market SentimentsDay Trading Strategies to Reduce LossesHow Would a Biden Presidency Impact the Futures Markets?Top Tips for Futures Trading During the U.S. Election
Trustpilot
FooterSite Navigation
Frequently Asked Questions
About Us
Customer Reviews
Contact Us
Futures Blog
Open a Futures Trading Account
Media Resources
Fund Your Account
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Daniels Trading
100 South Wacker Drive, Suite 1225
Chicago, IL 60606
+1.312.706.7600 Local / Int'l
+1.800.800.3840 Toll-Free
+1.312.706.7605 Fax
Connect with Us
Trustpilot