https://www.ckentertainmentinc.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.ckentertainmentinc.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
We are committed to communicating with you in a professional manner and protecting your confidential information. We use the information you provide (e.g. name, address, phone number, email, etc.) to contact you to share information about our (products/services). We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. This company does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Our Videos or Images – Any other use such as distribution of our images, recordings or video is a violation of US Copyright Laws.
Contact forms
If you fill out a contact form we may use it to contact you. However we do not sell or distribute any contact information to any third parties and used only on our end as a way to keep you aware of news and other special offers.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics and Mouseflow are installed and tracking user data within the website so that we can utilize it to improve our website and marketing efforts while also providing a better user experience for our visitors. Google Analytics Privacy Policy can be reviewed here for what data it collects – https://policies.google.com/privacy. MouseFlow privacy policy can be reviewed here for what data it collects – https://mouseflow.com/privacy/
You Can opt out of user tracking in your browser for either of these aforementioned tracking software’s – https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/  &  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
Google Analytics Data is collected and retained for 50 months unless otherwise requested.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you have any concerns about your contact information please email us at info@ckentertianmentinc.com  or call 954-436-1230
Additional information
How we protect your data
Any information you provide through our contact forms are protected from data breaches, Spam, through a firewall.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We provide protection of your submitted information though Wordfence in WordPress
What third parties we receive data from
Not Applicable
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Not Applicable
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
We are members of ASCAP and the AFM and abide by all laws with these organizations
Book the CK Band
Name*Email*
PhoneMessageWould you like to receive future emails from us?*YesNoEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Newsletter Sign Up Sign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Sign Up
By submitting this form, you are granting: CK Entertainment Inc, 5846 South Flamingo Rd #354, FT.Lauderdale, Florida, 33330, ckentertainmentinc.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
EVENT ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS:
Naples FL
Palm Beach FL
Key Largo, FL
Marco Island FL
Miami Beach FL
Orlando, FL
Miami FL
Miami Beach FL
CK Entertainment, Inc.
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33330
© 2020 CK Entertainment, Inc. | Sitemap | Privacy Policy
CK Entertainment, Inc.
HomeAbout»
CK EntertainmentCK Band BioThe Difference Back
Weddings»
Wedding BandWedding Videos Back
The CK Band»
The CK BandCorporate Events Band For HireVideos of the BandAudio Back
Celebrity Booking Agency»
Celebrity EntertainersCelebrity Music Artists & BandsCelebrity SpeakersCelebrity ComediansCelebrity Motivational SpeakersCelebrity Chef’s Back
Production Services»
Communications / AVEvent Design Back
TestimonialsOnline RFPBlog
× Close Panel