https://www.polyphenols.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-and-cookies
Go to content
Home
When you visit our website, your browser will download information capsules (“cookies”). These are small text files that are exchanged between your unit and our website and which are used to ensure the optimal functioning of the website. Below, you will find a summary of the cookies used on our website.
Cookies on this website
CoreTrek AS provides the publication tool used on our website, and is responsible for its technical development, operation and maintenance. These are the cookies used by CoreTrek on our website:
To ensure the proper functioning of the publication solution: the cookie CorePublishSesssion. This cookie is deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
To identify what type of unit and browser you are using: the cookie Ctdevicecachekey. This cookie has a duration of one week, and enables our website to adjust its content presentation to the correct type of unit (PC, mobile, tablet, etc.)
Searches
Information about search terms and search function options selected on vistin.no will be used to develop and improve the website.
Sharing
We offer options to forward articles by email and share articles via social media. Email addresses used to forward articles are not recorded. The further processing of data shared via social media is regulated by your agreement with the relevant online service provider.
Statistics and logs
When you browse our website, information is stored in statistical and log files. The system stores the user agent, IP address and what page a visitor has viewed in a raw data table. This information is then used to generate statistics on the number of page views per object (menu item, article, file), per host and per search term. All data in the raw data table are deleted after two days, and the remaining statistics then contain only summary data that cannot be used to identify individual users. We also store the user agent, IP address and what page a visitor has viewed in the web server’s logs. These logs are used exclusively for troubleshooting and security purposes, and no data are taken from these logs or otherwise used. The logs are deleted at regular intervals (normally every four weeks). Only the administrators of the web server (operations), have access to them.
Print
Email page
Share on:
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Menu
About Biolink Group
History Timeline
The Medox Story
Group Companies
Biosynth AS
Breedsense AS
Diagnostrix AS
Polyphenols AS
About us
Background
Products
Pelargonidin products
Pelargonidin
Pelargonidin 3-glucoside
Cyanidin products
Cyanidin
Cyanidin 3-glucoside
Cyanidin 3-galactoside
Cyanidin 3-arabinoside
Cyanidin 3-rutinoside
Cyanidin 3-sambubioside
Cyanidin 3-sophoroside
Cyanidin 3,5-diglucoside
Cyanidin 3-samb-5-glucoside
Cyanidin 3-coumsamb-5-glucoside
Peonidin products
Peonidin
Peonidin 3-glucoside
Peonidin 3-galactoside
Peonidin 3-arabinoside
Peonidin 3,5-diglucoside
Delphinidin products
Delphinidin
Delphinidin 3-glucoside
Delphinidin 3-rutinoside
Delphinidin 3-sambubioside
Petunidin products
Petunidin
Petunidin 3-glucoside
Malvidin products
Malvidin
Malvidin 3-glucoside
Malvidin 3,5-diglucoside
Anthocyanin mixtures
Cyanidin monoglycosides mixture
6 monoglycosides mixture
15 monoglycosides mixture from bilberry
4 Cyanidin glucosides mixture
Stilbenoids
Astringin
Isorhapontin
Flavonols
Quercetin 4'-glucoside
Quercetin 3,4'-diglucoside
Services
Contact
Privacy policy and cookies
Developed by: CoreTrek |
CMS: CorePublish