http://www.zecspa.com/en/privacy-policy-en
CompanyProductsProductionQualityDownloadContactsNewsTechnical Support Reserved Area
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
THIS WEBSITE'S PRIVACY NOTICE
Notice on the use of personal data (art. 13 Leg. Dec. 196/2003 – art. 13 and 14 GDPR 2016/679)
WHY THIS NOTICE IS DRAWN UP
This page describes how this website processes the personal data of its users.
This notice has been drawn up pursuant to art. 13 of Leg. Dec. no. 196/2003 – Personal data protection code – and art. 13 and 14 of EU Regulation 2016/679 for users interacting with the web services accessible online from the web address:     www.zecspa.com
The notice applies solely to the ZEC SPA website (www.zecspa.com), not to other websites viewed by the user after clicking links at the above web address.
The notice also complies with Recommendation no. 2/2001 that the European data protection authorities, together with the Group set up by art. 29 of directive no. 95/46/EC, adopted on 17 May 2001 to identify minimum requirements for collecting personal data online and, in particular, the means, timing and nature of the information that data controllers must provide to users when they access websites, regardless of the reason for accessing.
The Recommendation and a brief description of its aims are given on the Personal Data Protection Guarantor's website http://www.garanteprivacy.it
DATA CONTROLLER
Data relating to identified or identifiable persons may be collected once this website is accessed.
The data controller is ZEC SPA, Via Lungolorno, 11, 43052 Colorno (PR) Italy.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
The data protection officer (DPO) has not been identified as the author is not obliged to comply with art. 37 European Regulation 2016/679.
DATA PROCESSING PURPOSE
The data collected through the web services of this site are processed solely by technical personnel or by those carrying out occasional maintenance operations.
The personal data provided by the users sending requests to access the services offered is collected solely for the purposes of providing the service requested and is only shared with third parties if necessary for that purpose.
PROCESSING METHOD
Personal data is processed with automated devices for the time strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected.
Specific security measures are put in place to prevent data loss, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorised access.
PROVISION AND OPTION TO PROVIDE DATA
Aside from that specified for browsing data, the user is free to provide his/her personal data in the request forms to the Data controller to access the services offered.
However, failure to provide data may mean the requested services cannot be provided.
DATA TRANSFER
The personal data provided will not be transferred in any way to third parties.
DATA SHARING
The personal data provided will not be shared in any way with unspecified parties.
TRANSFERRAL ABROAD
The personal data used will not be transferred abroad.
DATA STORAGE DURATION
Personal data is processed with automated devices for the time strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
Data subjects whose personal data we collect may at any time obtain confirmation of its existence or otherwise, find out the content and source, check the accuracy or add to, update or rectify the information.
Data subjects also have the right to request the deletion, transformation to anonymous form or blocking of personal data, if held in violation of the law, and to oppose its processing for legitimate reasons.
Finally, data subjects may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Requests must be sent to the Data controller to info@zecspa.com, to whom information about the DPO may also be requested.
Every effort will be made to make the functionalities of this website as interoperable as possible with the automatic privacy control mechanisms available in some products used by users.
Considering that the current state of the art of automatic control mechanisms means they are not exempt from errors and glitches, you are informed that this website's “Privacy Notice” will be updated (the various versions will be available for viewing at the same address).
Search product
Search
Choose the features
Applications *
Specializations *
Pressure
Fluid
Normative
* Fields are required
Search
News
Certifications
Catalogs
Reserved Area
Focus On
Thermoplastic Hoses - thermoplastikschläuche - tuyaux à pression -
tubos termoplásticos
ZEC S.p.A. | Via Lungolorno 11, 43052 Colorno (PR) Italia
Cod. fiscale, P.IVA e n. Iscr. Reg. Imprese Parma: IT01720400348 | Numero REA: PR - 173914 |
Capitale sociale: Euro 1.000.000
Privacy policy
|
Notice Clients/Suppliers
|
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF SALE
© 2020 ZEC S.p.A. By
MediaticaWeb