https://www.cdcgroup.com/en/freedom-information-data-privacy/
I’m looking to…
I’m looking to grow my business
I’m looking to see CDC’s achievements
I’m looking to invest in developing countries
Our approach
Our approach to investing
What kind of investor are we?
Our investment solutions
Types of capital
Catalyst Strategies
CDC Plus
How we make investment decisions
Our approach to impact
What impact means to us
Our impact specialisms
Climate change
Job quality
Skills and leadership
Gender equality
Environmental, social and governance
Gender Toolkit
ESG Toolkit
Where and what we invest in
Sectors
Countries
Our impact
Our stories
Our publications
How we learn
Our investments
Key data
News & insight
Latest news
Insight
Events
Annual Review 2019
Supporting your event
Press centre
About us
Our company
How we operate
Our corporate governance
Our people
CDC’s Board
Executive Committee
Investment Committee
Investment teams
Impact teams
Operations teams
Careers
Our vacancies
Our history
Contact
Freedom of information and data privacy
Freedom of Information Act requests
We are subject to the Freedom of Information Act 2000. Members of the public wishing to ask a specific question can contact us by email at foiarequest@cdcgroup.com
Data privacy
We are subject to UK and other relevant data protection laws. We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s office and our registration can be inspected on the Information Commissioner’s website. For information on how we manage your personal data and your rights with respect to your personal data, please read our Privacy notice.
Queries or requests concerning the personal data held by CDC should be made to the Data Protection Officer by email at dataprotection@cdcgroup.com
For information on our disclosure policies, please click here.
Cookie use
We use necessary cookies to improve your user experience and to make our site and services work. Additionally we would also like to set optional analytical cookies to help us improve our site. By clicking "Accept" you are allowing us to set these optional cookies.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using in our cookie policy and switch them on or off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable these cookies, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
You can read more about the cookies on our site here.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Analytics Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Enabling these cookies helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
Find out more information on our Cookie Policy page.
Enable All
Save Changes