https://www.berdonllp.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Thank you for visiting the BERDON LLP website.  By using this site, you signify your agreement to all terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (“Terms and Conditions of Use”).  If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use, please do not use this site.  BERDON LLP reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter, or otherwise update these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time.  By using this site after notice of such changes is posted, you agree to be bound by the modifications, alterations, or updates.
Copyright and Trademarks
BERDON LLP contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information including, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music, and sound.  All content included on this site, such as text, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sound, and logos, is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other rights, which are owned and/or controlled by BERDON LLP or by other parties.  BERDON LLP owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of such content, as well as the content original to it.  Each third-party content provider owns the copyright in content original to it. You may use material from this site only for your own personal, noncommercial use.  This site or any portion of this site may not be modified, published, reproduced, duplicated, copied, uploaded, downloaded, posted, transmitted, sold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by BERDON LLP or expressly permitted under copyright law.  In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution, or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend, or copyright notice shall be made.  You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
Linked Sites
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet (“Linked Sites”).  BERDON LLP is not responsible for the content, advertising, products, or other materials made available on or through any Linked Site.  The links to these sites are for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.  BERDON LLP shall not be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused to a user in connection with such Linked Sites.
BERDON LLP welcomes links to this site.  You may establish a link to this site, provided that the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by BERDON LLP or any group or individual affiliated with BERDON LLP.  You may not use on your site any logos, trademarks, service marks, or copyrighted materials appearing on this site, including but not limited to any logos or characters, without the express written consent of the owner of the mark or right.  You may not frame or otherwise incorporate into another site the content or other materials on this site without prior written consent.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this site is for general guidance on matters of interest only. The application and impact of laws can vary widely based on the specific facts involved. Given the changing nature of laws, rules and regulations, and the inherent hazards of electronic communication, there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies with the information contained in this site. Berdon LLP will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of, or inability to use, this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Any actions based on the content in this website should only be undertaken after consulting your professional advisor.
Even though we have made every attempt to ensure that the information contained in this site has been obtained from reliable sources, Berdon LLP is not responsible for any errors or omissions. All information in this site is provided “as is”, with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of performance, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will Berdon LLP, its partners, or employees, be liable for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information in this site.
Certain links in this site connect to other websites maintained by third parties over whom Berdon LLP has no control. Berdon LLP makes no representations as to the accuracy or any other aspect of information contained in other websites.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify BERDON LLP and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, and affiliates from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, that arise from your use or misuse of this site.
Applicable Law
This site is created, operated and controlled by BERDON LLP from its offices within the State of New York, U.S.A.  BERDON LLP makes no representation that material on BERDON LLP is appropriate or available for use in other locations.
These Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.  You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions of Use or your use of this site shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in the State of New York, and you further agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
For our privacy policy, please click here.
For complaints, questions, or regulatory compliance issues, please use contactus@berdonllp.com.
Hot Topics/Insights
December082020
Success in 2021 Pivots on the Lessons of 2020
Marcy Greenfield, CPA, Ian Alberts, CPA and Jonathan San Solo, CPA 12.8.20 | Industry Insights For manufacturing, distribution and retail companies, the less said about 2020, the better. Supply chain […]
December072020
CRE Execs Seek Balance Between Optimism and Concern on Berdon/Bloomberg Forum
12.7.20 | Commercial Observer On November 17, 2020, Berdon, in conjunction with Bloomberg Media Group, hosted a virtual 2020 Real Estate Industry Executive Forum consisting of two panel discussions about […]
November302020
Election Impact on Year-End Tax Planning and Beyond
Veronique Horne, J.D., Naya Pearlman, J.D., LL.M., Scott T. Ditman, CPA/PFS and Daniel A. Shapiro, CPA, J.D., LL.M. 11.30.20 | Client Alert Even though the Presidential election is behind us, […]
View All
One Time Sign-In to Access Berdon LLP’s Blog articles
ALL FIELDS ARE REQUIRED
By clicking sign up, you agree to our
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
X
Download PDF
FILL THE FORM TO DOWNLOAD PDF
By clicking submit, you agree to our
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
X