https://www.gspeakers.com/privacy-policy
1. About us According to the provisions of the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (“GDPR”) GSB Global Speakers Bureau LTD a company duly incorporated and validly existing under the Laws of Cyprus having its registered address at 77 Strovolu Street, Stravolos Center, Office 204, 2018 Stravolos, Nicosia, Cyprus is your personal data’s controller („Controller”). The above means that it is the Controller who decides the goals and means of processing personal data on its own and under its own responsibility. 2. What types of personal information do we collect? We collect the following types of your personal data: first name and last name, e-mail address, telephone number, TIN, place of residence, address for correspondence, company’s business name, information about your experience, competences, education and qualifications. 3. For what purpose do we process your personal data? The personal data that you provide us with will be processed by us for the following purposes:a) correct and lawful execution of contracts concluded with you,b) allowing us to answer your queries,c)  allowing you to use our website freely,d)  offering your services to our clients and contractors,e)  conducting direct marketing of the services we offer, including via e-mail correspondence, such as a newsletterf)   performance of obligations resulting from legal provisions, including tax and accounting regulations,g)  investigation, determination or defense of claims or other rights resulting from legal provisions 4. Who do we transfer your personal data to?Your personal data may be transferred for processing to other entities under a separate personal data processing agreement, in order for us or these entities to properly carry out the business contracts between us.Your personal data may also be transferred to public administration bodies or other persons or third parties—to the extent that, and in cases in which the obligation to disclose it is imposed on the Controller by the provisions of the law. In addition, your personal data, to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose set out in paragraph 3 point f) above, may also be transferred to entities performing accounting and bookkeeping services for the Controller based on a separate agreement.Your personal data may be transferred to courts or other bodies appointed to hear cases or enforce claims, as well as to entities that perform for the Controller the services in the field of debt collection or legal assistance on the basis of a separate agreement.The transfer of Personal data to other entities will each time take place in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. 5. What is our lawful basis for processing your data?The legal basis for the processing of your personal data for the purposes set out above in paragraph 3 points b) and c) is your consent to the processing of personal data. The legal basis for the processing of Personal data for the purpose set out in paragraph 3 points a) and d) is that the processing is necessary to perform the contract concluded with you.The legal basis for the processing of Personal data for the purposes set out above in paragraph 3 point f) is that the processing is necessary to fulfil the legal obligations incumbent on the Controller. The legal basis for the processing of Personal data for other purposes indicated above in paragraph 3 is the legitimate interest pursued by the Controller.It is not necessary to provide personal data that concerns you in the case of the purposes indicated in paragraph 3 points a), b), c), and d) above, but failure to do so will make it impossible to achieve the indicated goals. 6. How do we protect your information?We process your Personal data in a manner consistent with the provisions of the generally applicable national law and the GDPR. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures ensuring an adequate level of security corresponding to the risks associated with the processing of personal data entrusted to us, referred to in article 32 of GDPR. We regularly verify and update the technical and organizational measures that we use to ensure adequate protection of the personal data that was entrusted to us. 7. “Cookies” policyBy managing our website, we gain access to cookies and use them. Cookies are IT data files, in particular, text files, which are stored on the user’s end-device. Typically, cookies contain the name of the website from which they come, the time for which they will be stored on end-devices and a unique identification number. We only use cookies to create statistics that help us to understand how users use the website, which allows for improving the website’s structure and content. 8. How long do we keep your personal information?In the case of personal data, the legal basis for the processing of which is the fact that it is necessary for the proper performance of a contract—until the claims arising from the contract are time-barred,In the case of personal data, the legal basis for the processing of which is a legitimate interest—until such basis for processing ceases to exist, in particular until the time of expiration of our or your claims resulting from the legal relationship between us.In the case of Personal data, the legal basis for the processing of which is that it is necessary to fulfil the legal obligations incumbent on us—until this legal basis for processing ceases to exist. 9. What are your rights with regard to your personal data? You have the following rights related to the processing of your personal data by us:a) Right to informationb) Right to withdraw consent to the processing of data at any time and without giving a reasonc) Right to access your personal datad) Right to request the rectification and removal of your personal datae) Right to restrict the processing of your personal dataf)  Right to request the transfer of your personal data to another processorg) Right to object and the rights associated with the automated decision-making regarding your personal data, 10. How to contact usOur address for correspondence: GSB Global Speakers Bureau LTD, 77 Strovolu Street, Stravolos Center, Office 204, 2018 Stravolos, Nicosia, CyprusTelephone number: +357 22 875111E-mail address: sales@gspeakers.com CONTACT US To enquire about a particular speaker(s) for your event please fill in the form below and we will get back to you immediately.
Copyright © GSB Global Speakers Bureau Ltd. 2005 –
2020
/ Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.