http://www.footnoted.org/privacy-policy
About
Contact
FAQs
Subscribe
footnoted* in the Media
Book
footnoted*Sifting Through Public Company Filings So You Don't Have To
Full access to footnoted* is for subscribers
only. Please subscribe or contact us.
HOME
RED FLAG ALERTS
RESEARCH REPORTS
ARCHIVES
SUBSCRIBE TO *PROQUESTIONS? EMAIL US
Privacy PolicyFootnoted is an information service on public company disclosures, primarily made through filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Footnoted is published by Financial Fineprint, Inc. (the “Publisher”).
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) outlines how your personal information (the “Information”) is collected and used. The Publisher reserves the right to change this Policy, and will notify you of changes on its Web site.
If you do not want the Publisher to collect and use your personally identifying information and data, then please do not use, register for, or subscribe to Footnoted.
1. Collection of Information
The Publisher collects Information about you and the organizations you represent. This information is collected when you use, register, subscribe, purchase, or otherwise sign up for Footnoted or any derivative Footnoted product. Information collected may include (but is not limited to) your name, mailing address, phone number(s), email address, company or organization, financial information, demographic information, and more.
Even if you register for only one Footnoted product, your Information will be known to the Publisher if you access (or attempts to access) another Footnoted products (see “Cookies,” below).
The Publisher may add other information collected from partners to enhance the Information that you provide to the Publisher.
Cookies
The Publisher or its partners may place one or more online tracking technologies, such as a “cookie,” in the browser files of your computer. A cookie is a small piece of information that is stored on your computer; it can help identify that browser during interaction with Web sites.
The cookie(s) may be used to provide a more personalized experience, track your preferences, conduct research, assist in identifying fraud, track your historical use of Footnoted, limit your access to certain products, if necessary, and more.
Cookies may also be used to manage the advertisements presented to you. These advertising cookies may be placed and managed by third-parties with whom the Publisher works. These partners may use Information about your visits to Footnoted and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Cookies may also be used to collect Web viewing data to serve online interest-based advertising, also known as online “behavioral advertising.” You can opt-out of this behavioral targeting; for more information, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp
2. Usage of Information
Below is the current Policy regarding the usage of Information collected by the Publisher. Once again, the Publisher reserves the right to change this Policy, and will notify you of changes on its Web site.
Aggregation
The Publisher may aggregate users’ Information to:
Improve the content, design, and value of Footnoted;
Understand how users are using Footnoted;
Enable its audit bureau to verify claims of Footnoted traffic and usage;
Help partners assess the suitability of Footnoted and its audience.
The Publisher may also aggregate user Information to understand more about the interests of users, and may use the Information to offer goods and services of interest to users.
Addresses, Telephone Numbers, and Email
Mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses may be used to deliver Footnoted products. They may also be used to promote other products of the Publisher or its partners, gather feedback, collect editorial ideas, conduct research, acquire other information related to Footnoted, and more.
Mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses may also be used by the Publisher to collect qualification data, and may be used by the Publisher and its partners for promotional purposes. This Information may also be rented and/or licensed to select outside firms for promotional purposes.
You can opt-out of most communications, or can cancel your subscription to Footnoted.
Financial Information
Footnoted is a subscription-based service that requires payment. Financial information, such as credit card information, is used primarily to verify credit and collect payments for purchases, orders, and registrations. The Publisher uses a third party to process credit card transactions, and does not store financial information on its Web site.
Product Delivery
The Publisher uses personally identifiable information to deliver customized products to you.
The Publisher may use partners to deliver email messages and other products. Your Information, such as email address, that is provided to these partners is only used for that purpose, and not for any other business activity.
In order to comply with the Federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, the Publisher may provide lists of users who have “opted-out” of Footnoted or derivative products, to ensure they are suppressed from appropriate mailings/delivery.
When you opt-out or unsubscribe from a Footnoted product, removal instructions may be supplied to the partner or third party. Users who continue to receive products they do not want should contact info@footnoted.com.
3. Transfer
In the event that the Publisher and/or Footnoted are sold or transferred, all Information and data—including personally identifying information—will be transferred to the new owner.
4. Disclosure
The Publisher may also use or disclose personally identifying information if the disclosure is reasonably necessary (a) to satisfy applicable legal, regulatory, or enforcement requests; (b) to enforce agreements with users; (c) to address fraud or security issues; or (d) to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of the Publisher, its employees, partners or customers.
5. Security
The Publisher takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect your Information. Always be careful when entering financial or personal information, and never share passwords.
search
footnoted Topics
Board and Pay Issues
Compensation
D&O Turnover
Perks
Financial & Disclosure Matters
Accounting
Agreements
Disclosures
Financial
Friday Night Dump
Monday Morning Dump
Taxes
Operational Issues
Legal
M&A
Strategy
Operations
Reorganization
Probes, Crises, Law Suits & Other Risks
Current Events
ESG
Investigations
Regulatory
Risk Factors
footnoted is a highly acclaimed information service that uses proprietary search techniques to find both hidden opportunities and early signs of potential problems buried deep in the filings.
Details
Led by author, reporter, and SEC filing expert Michelle Leder, footnoted provides actionable information that comes from building a comprehensive mosaic based on numerous filings.
HOME
RED FLAG ALERTS
RESEARCH REPORTS
ARCHIVES
SUBSCRIBE
ABOUT
HELP
DATA
BOOK
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
C O N T A C T
help@footnoted.com
subscribe to
our free email
© Copyright 2020 Financial Fineprint Inc. All rights reserved.
footnoted* provides general information only and does not constitute financial guidance or investment advice.
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · Footnoted on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
SIFTING THROUGH PUBLIC COMPANY FILINGS SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO.