https://www.impactcommunicationsinc.com/privacy-policy/
+1 (847) 438-4480
info@ImpactCommunicationsInc.com
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Impact Communications, Inc.
Online Privacy Policy Impact Communications, Inc. respects the rights of its users to keep any personal information divulged via the website (https://www.impactcommunicationsinc.com) confidential and secure. To that end, Impact Communications, Inc. has established a set of guidelines for handling such personal information.
User Behavior
In order to learn more about how people use www.impactcommunicationsinc.com, Impact Communications, Inc. may collect various information about user behavior. This information may include (but is not limited to) browser type, site navigation, IP address, domain name and the amount of time spent on the site. Impact Communications, Inc. reserves the right to use aggregated, anonymous data about Impact Communications’ users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible, partners and sponsors.
Newsletters
Impact Communications, Inc. currently offers its users the chance to sign up for e-mail newsletters that provide additional information about face-to-face communications skills, phone communication skills, and coaching. After users subscribe to one or more newsletters, they will begin to receive said newsletters on a regular basis as well as other infrequent, unscheduled announcements from Impact Communications, Inc. Users’ e-mail addresses are collected and used by Impact Communications, Inc. for the purpose of distributing these newsletters and unscheduled announcements about Impact Communications, Inc. Users can unsubscribe to our newsletters at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of every newsletter.
External Links
In various sections of www.impactcommunicationsinc.com, Impact Communications may link to external Web sites that have no affiliation with Impact Communications, Inc. These links are provided solely as a service for our users, and users should be aware that Impact Communications, Inc. has no responsibility for the content or the privacy practices of these other Web sites.
Updates
Impact Communications, Inc. reserves the right to update or add to this privacy policy at any time, without specifically notifying its users. It is the personal responsibility of www.impactcommunicationsinc.com users to be aware of the privacy practices of Impact Communications, Inc., which will be strictly defined as the policy posted on the Impact Communications Inc, Web site at https://www.impactcommunicationsinc.com/privacy-policy.html.
January 2015
Search
Search for:
Recent Posts
Zoomed Out? Some Tips
July 1, 2020
Laid Off? Furloughed? Here Are Some Imperatives!
July 1, 2020
Virtual Meetings, the New Normal
April 1, 2020
Communicating in the Age of the Pandemic
April 1, 2020
Tips for Leading the Remote Team
January 1, 2020
Some Resolutions Executives Wish You Would Make
January 1, 2020
Blog Archive by CategoryBlog Archive by Category
Select Category
Presentation Communication Skills  (135)
Audience  (8)
Communication  (92)
Confidence / Nervousness  (25)
Content  (34)
Delivery Tips  (52)
Executive Conversations  (66)
Global Communication  (10)
Involvement  (20)
Language  (1)
Large Group Presentations  (11)
Listening  (7)
Managing Conflict  (7)
Sales  (43)
Speaking Style  (32)
Team Presentations  (13)
Technical Presentations  (36)
Video Conferences  (8)
Virtual Conversations  (2)
Visual Aids  (2)
Writing  (3)
Telephone Communication Skills  (137)
Accent  (4)
Angry Callers / Conflict  (21)
Call Management  (13)
Coaching  (14)
Customer Satisfaction  (60)
Gatekeepers  (1)
Leadership  (20)
Listen / Listening  (9)
Listening  (30)
Motivation  (8)
Professional / Trust  (20)
Prospect / Cold Calls  (9)
Questioning Skills  (3)
Sales / Selling  (11)
Teleconference  (18)
Training Effectiveness  (12)
Vocal Issues  (26)
Voicemail  (4)
What Kinds of Questions Do You Ask
As inside sales representatives, the way we close business is by asking questions. Often, we ask the same questions of each customer. Sometimes, these questions move people to make decisions, but at other times, they don’t, leading us to wonder “what happened?” Selling over the phone should not be a crapshoot. By asking the right […]Here’s how to Gain Customer Loyalty
Picture for a moment your customers on the other end of the phone line. Whether they show it or not, many of your customers are highly stressed. They feel tremendous pressure from their own management team to do things faster or cheaper. When they purchase from your company, they do not want to add stress […]Zoomed Out? Some Tips
Due to the Pandemic, most business professionals are working from home and many may continue to do so even as corporations and businesses reopen. Zoom and its equivalent are now the norms. Quite possibly, you attend or host three or four of these meetings every day. If you are like many people, you find these […]Tips For Managers On Surviving Peak Periods
In any call center organization, there are times when we are very busy and times when we are very slow. When it is hectic, it is easy to feel overwhelmed. Don’t despair. There are some things that you can do as a manager that will help you survive peak periods. Start by preparing your reps […]
Recent Post CommentsS L on Why Your Career May StagnateD P on Virtual Meetings, the New NormalD P on Here’s How to Leave a Killer VoicemailSara Suttles on What Executives Wish You Would Do When Using PowerPointMarie on Avoiding Peak Period Blues Subscribe
Subscribe to the Impact NewsletterJoin our email list to receive our free monthly newsletter with tips to improve your communication skills.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!