http://www.ultraflexx.com/privacy-policy/
CategoriesBack-Lit Media
Blockout Media
Bravura
Decal Signage
Display Film Media
Featured Products
Flooring Media
Floorscapes Flooring
Front-Lit Media
HP Latex Certified Media
HP Latex 1500 Series
HP Latex 260 & 280
HP Latex 300 Series
HP Latex 3000 Series
HP Latex 500 Series
HP Latex 820 & 850
HP Latex Durable
Jumbo Rolls
Leading Edge Quality Media Certified for HP Latex Inks
Mask Stretch Bands
Medical Grade Materials
Mesh Banner Material
Mesh Media
New Products
Pop-Up Tents & Tent Sides
Protective Aprons
Signage
Signetics® Magnetic Receptive Media
Specialty Media
Rigids
Textiles
VorTex™
VorTex™ Accessories
VorTex™ D Line
VorTex™ S Line
VorTex™ T Line
Uncategorized
Wall Partitions
Wallcovering Media
Wide Format Essential Media
PRIVACY POLICY for www.ultraflexx.com
At Ultraflex Systems Incorporated we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us.
This Privacy Policy, together with our terms of use, provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information We Collect
In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
i. Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
ii. Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or make a purchase.
iii. Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Cookies
On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers.
Such information will not identify you personally it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
i. To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
ii. To meet our contractual commitments to you.
iii. To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
Further, we may use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, so that you can be provided with information about unrelated goods and services which we consider may be of interest to you. We or they may contact you about these goods and services by any of the methods that you consented at the time your information was collected.
If you are a new customer, we will only contact you or allow third parties to contact you only when you have provided consent and only by those means you provided consent for.
If you do not want us to use your data for our or third parties you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us on the form on which we collect your data.
Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors.
Storing Your Personal Data
We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing and storing. Also, it may be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area who work for us or for one of our suppliers. For example, such staff maybe engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
The Data Protection Act
In accordance with the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. We will only use your information for the purpose as described and we do not pass on your details to any other third party unless you have given us permission to do so. You have a right to access your personal data and rectify any inaccuracies.
Should you purchase of one of our products, we do not retain any payment details pertaining to the purchase however, we reserve the right to contact you in future regarding products and/or services provided by ourselves, and subsidiary companies, that we feel may be of interest to you. We don’t store any financial details.
Disclosing Your Information
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group. This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, our holding company and its other subsidiaries (if any).
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
i. Where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party.
ii. Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
iii. To assist fraud protection and minimize credit risk.
Third Party Links
You mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Access To Information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us.
CategoriesBack-Lit Media
Blockout Media
Bravura
Decal Signage
Display Film Media
Featured Products
Flooring Media
Floorscapes Flooring
Front-Lit Media
HP Latex Certified Media
HP Latex 1500 Series
HP Latex 260 & 280
HP Latex 300 Series
HP Latex 3000 Series
HP Latex 500 Series
HP Latex 820 & 850
HP Latex Durable
Jumbo Rolls
Leading Edge Quality Media Certified for HP Latex Inks
Mask Stretch Bands
Medical Grade Materials
Mesh Banner Material
Mesh Media
New Products
Pop-Up Tents & Tent Sides
Protective Aprons
Signage
Signetics® Magnetic Receptive Media
Specialty Media
Rigids
Textiles
VorTex™
VorTex™ Accessories
VorTex™ D Line
VorTex™ S Line
VorTex™ T Line
Uncategorized
Wall Partitions
Wallcovering Media
Wide Format Essential Media
Information and Updates on COVID-19
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.OkNo
Additional Information
7 Oz Billboard Material
13 Oz. Banner Material
13 Oz. Banner Material | Nationally
18 oz Vinyl Banner Material
Adhesive Fabric
Adhesive Fabric | Nationally
Adhesive Fabric | US
AquaFlex
AquaFlex | Globally
Artex Canvas
Back-Lit Media Supplier
Backlit Film
Back-Lit Media USA
Backlit Material
Backlit Signs Material
Banner Material
Banner Material | Globally
Banner Material | Nationally
Banner Material | US
Best Fabric for Sublimation Printing
Best Material for Sublimation Printing
Bild Certified Printers
Billboard Material
Billboard Material | Nationally
Billboard Material Supplier
Billboard Vinyl
Biodegradable Banner Material
Block Out Banner Material
Blockout Banner Fabric
Blockout Banner Material | US
Blockout Banner Materials
Blockout Media | USA | England | Scotland | Mexico | Canada
Canvas Banner Material
Canvas Material
Canvas Material | Globally
Canvas Material | US
Carpet Graphics
Carpet Graphics | US
Digital Print Media
Digitally Printable Substrates
Digitally Printed Textiles
Double Sided Mesh Banner
Dye Sublimation
Dye Sublimation Fabrics
Dye-Sublimation Printing
Dye Sublimation Printing Fabrics
Dye Sublimation Printing Fabrics | Globally
Dye Sublimation Printing Fabrics | US
Dye Sublimation Textiles
Eco Solvent Backlit Film
Eco Solvent Media
Eco Solvent Printable Canvas
Eco-Solvent Printing
Eco-Solvent Printing Materials
Fabric For Printing
FabriTac
Flexible Media Materials
Flexible Mesh Banner Material
Flexible Substrates
Floor Advertisements
Floor Graphics
Floor Graphics | Globally
Floor Graphics | US
Floor Graphics Vinyl
Flooring Media Manufacturer
Flooring Media Supplier
Floorscapes
Front Lit Banner Materials
Front-Lit Media
Front-Lit Media Supplier
Front-Lit Media USA
Frontlit Banner Material
Grand Format Banner
Grand Format Textile
Graphic Floor Media
Graphic Flooring
Graphic Floors
Graphic Floors | Nationally
Graphic Floors | US
Graphics on Floors
Home Décor Canvas Wraps
HP Latex 820/850 Certified Media
Latex Printable Banner
Latex Printable Canvas
Latex Printable Magnetic Receptive Media
Leading Edge Media
Leading Edge Quality Media
Magnetic Material
Magnetic Receptive Material
Magnetic Receptive Material | US
Magnetic Receptive Materials
Magnetic Receptive Printing Paper
Magnetic Receptive Sheet
Material for Sublimation Printing
Mesh Banner Material Supplier
Mesh Banner Materials
Mesh Media Manufacturer
Mesh Media Supplier
Mesh Materials
Mesh Products
Mesh PVC Banner Material
Outdoor Banner Material
Outdoor Banner Material | Globally
Outdoor Banners Material
Outdoor Mesh Fabric
Outdoor Mesh Fabric | Nationally
Perforated Window Film
Perforated Window Film | US
Perforated Window Film | Globally
Perforated Window Film | Worldwide
Perforated Window Material
Printable Adhesive Fabric Media
Printable Banner
Printable Banner | Nationally
Printable Banner | US
Printable Billboard Vinyl
Printable Blockout Banners
Printable Blockout Materials
Printable Blockout Vinyl
Printable Canvas
Printable Canvas Fabric
Printable Canvas Material
Printable Carpet
Printable Fabric
Printable Fabric | Nationally
Printable Fabric | Worldwide
Printable Floor Vinyl
Printable Flooring
Printable Magnetic Receptive Sheets
Printable Materials
Printable Materials | Worldwide
Printable Mesh Material
Printable PVC Flooring
Printable Sign Substrates
Printable Soft Signage Manufacturer
Printable Soft Signage Material
Printable Textiles
Printable Textiles | US
Printable Vinyl Flooring
Printed Canvas Fabric
Printed Canvas Fabric | Nationally
Printed Canvas Fabric | Worldwide
PVC Banner Material
PVC Free Media
Removable Wall Material
Screen Printer Banner Material
Seaming Tape
Seamless Backlit Graphics
Sign Materials
Sign Materials | United States
Sign Materials | US
Soft Signage Material
Soft Signage
Solvent Printing
Speaker Banner Material
Speaker Mesh
Speaker Mesh Fabric
Specialty Media
Specialty Substrates
Sublimation Fabrics
Sublimation Paper
Sublimation Printing Fabric
Sublimation Printing Materials
Sublimation Printing Materials | Globally
Ultra Green Media
UV Printing Material
UV Printing Material | US
UV Printing Media
UV Printing Media | US
UV Printing Media Supplier
UV Printing Supplier
UV Window Film
UV Window Film | United States
UV Window Film | US
Vinyl Banner Material
Vinyl Floor Graphics
Vinyl Flooring
Vinyl Flooring | Globally
Vinyl Flooring | US
Vinyl Flooring Roll
Vinyl Printing Material
Vinyl Printing Materials
Vinyl Sheets
Wallcovering Materials
Wallcovering Materials | US
Wallscapes
Wide Format Banner Material
Wide Format Banner Material | US
Wide Format Essential Media
Wide Format Media
Wide Format Media | Globally
Window Film
Window Film | Globally
Window Film | US
Window Film | Worldwide
Window Graphics Materials
Window Perf
Window Perf Material
XMR Sample