http://www.mrlender.com/terms-and-conditions
Warning: Late repayment can cause you serious money problems. For help, go to www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk
Menu
Home
My Account
Make Payment
FAQs
Blog
Contact Us
Sign In
About Us
How It Works
Short Term Loans
Instalment Loans
Instant Loans
Quick Loans
Same Day Loans
Responsible Lending
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Complaints Policy
Terms And Conditions
APR Explained
Improve Your Credit Rating
How Do Credit Checks Work
Alternative Credit Options
How To Get Over Debt
Banking Transaction Information
Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions coexist with our privacy policy and together these govern the general practices of this website. We encourage all of our users to familiarise themselves with
our site terms and privacy statement.
1. Terms And Conditions
These terms and conditions (“the terms”) govern your use of the PDL Finance Limited (“PDL”) website (the “website”). If you do not agree to all our terms and conditions on this page,
please do not use the website. If you do use the website, your conduct indicates that you agree to be bound by the terms.
2. Content And Copyright
Unless otherwise specified the copyright in the contents of all pages on the site are owned or licensed to PDL.
Accordingly, no material from this site may be copied, uploaded, posted, modified or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single
computer for your personal, home use only provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. The use of any such material on any other website or computer environment
is prohibited.
Further you may not provide a link to this site from any other site without first
obtaining PDL’s prior written consent: Mr Lender, PO Box 366, Loughton, Essex, IG10 9EW.
3. Disclaimer
As this is a free “public access” website, it is a condition of use of the site and the materials in it that any use is at the user’s own risk. PDL makes no representations or
warranties as to the accuracy of the content of the site and assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in it. Neither PDL, nor any of the site’s technical staff or
administrators, editors or contributors shall be liable for any loss or damage suffered as a result of any use of the site or inability to use the site including but not limited
to direct losses, consequential loss and loss of any profits.
This site acts solely as a marketing and sales website to attract the business of prospective customers and debtors and as such, the owners and marketing professionals of
the site are unable to offer any financial advice.
Information contained on this site does not form the basis of any contract. Therefore, business or financial decisions should not be based solely on the information contained within
this site.
4. Indemnity
In order to use the site, you must agree to be legally bound and to abide by the terms and to indemnify and hold PDL harmless from all alleged or actual damages, loss, claims and expenses
relating to any warranty, guarantee or representations made by PDL. The use of this site for any reason is deemed to be an agreement of this condition.
5. Availability Of Service
Whilst PDL will endeavour to make this website constantly accessible for your use,
it does not warrant or guarantee that the website will be uninterrupted or
error–free at any time.
PDL makes no warranty that this site is free from computer viruses or any other malicious or impairing computer program. The pages contained on this site may contain technical
inaccuracies and typographical errors. PDL accepts no responsibility for keeping the information in these pages up-to-date or liability for any failure to do so. Please note
that any software is downloaded at your own risk.
6. Passwords
Passwords must not be disclosed to any person. If you become aware of any unauthorised disclosure of a password, then you must notify us immediately. You will remain liable for all
activities carried out under access with your password unless and until you have notified PDL of a password breach.
7. Validity
If any term, condition or provision of these terms is determined to be unlawful, invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms,
conditions and provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
8. Jurisdiction
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and subject to the exclusion jurisdiction of the English Courts.
9. Questions/Comments About Our Terms
If you have any questions or comments about our terms, you should email us at enquiries@mrlender.co.uk.
10. Card Payments
You can settle a loan using any of the following debit card types;
All loans are settled using Pounds in the UK and all payments are processed at our
company's head office.
Mr Lender is a trading name of PDL Finance Limited, Company Number 06738633.
Registered Office 30 City Road, London, EC1Y 2AB, UK. PDL Finance Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under registration number 673310.
You can confirm our registration on the Financial Conduct Authority's website www.fca.org.uk or by contacting the Financial Conduct Authority on 0800 111 6768.
Data Protection ICO number Z1575177
If you fail to make a repayment on your due date this may have a negative impact on credit rating.
Click here for more information.
*
Funds usually transferred to your bank account within an hour of approval
*
Every application will be subject to credit checks and affordability assessment in line with responsible lending.
Short Term loans are not a suitable solution for people in financial difficulty and for longer term borrowing.
×
By using this website you allow us to place cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site. To learn more about how we use cookies read our cookie policy page.