http://www.enterprisingwomen.com/privacy-policy
Home
Enterprising Women
Learn More
Back
Our Advisory Board Members
Our Partner Organizations
Our Sponsors
Photo Gallery
Advertising
Back
Our Readership
Print Advertising
Digital Advertising
PR Newswire
eZ Learning University
Women-owned Firms Statistics pdf
Contact Us
Login
Access Digital Magazines Here
Privacy Policy
Enterprising Women, Inc. Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Enterprising Women, Inc. uses and protects any information that you give Enterprising Women when you use this website.Enterprising Women is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Enterprising Women, Inc. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 1, 2014.What we collectWe may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Grab our NewsletterControlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at bblake@enterprisingwomen.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Enterprising Women, 1135 Kildaire Farm Rd., Suite 200, Cary, NC 27511.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.Thank you!
Now you can read Enterprising Women, the only national and global magazine for women entrepreneurs like you by downloading our FREE Apps on both the Google & Apple App Stores! Download it Now!
Stay connected to us by subscribing to our free newsletter!
Be A Mentor
Enterprising Women is a partner in the new Million Women Mentors (MWM) initiative.
The initiative supports the engagement of one million science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) mentors — women and men — to increase the interest and confidence of young women to pursue and succeed in STEM degrees and careers.
Read the full news release.
Great deals. Good deeds.
Use Giving Assistant to save money and support Enterprising Women Foundation
Donate up to 30% of this purchase to Enterprising Women Foundation by signing up for Giving Assistant and shopping at 3000+ retailers like Office Depot, Lowe's, and Macy's.
Virtual Learning Center
Do you want to learn more about starting and running a business?
Visit our Virtual Learning Center, with classes designed for business women like you!
Discover e-learning.
Home
Enterprising Women Magazine
EW of the Year Award
The Connector
Latina Resources
EW Foundation
1135 Kildaire Road, Suite 200, Cary, NC 27511
919-362-1551  |   919-362-9898 (fax)
Terms and Conditions  |  Refund Policy    |  Privacy Policy   |   Copyright 2020   |  Web Design by Myra Ray of PrintandWebDesigner.com