http://www.iinterpret.com/terms-privacy-policy
Home
About
About Us
Testimonials
Contact
Careers
Our Services
Overview
Law
Medicine
Government & Community
Business & Conference
Equipment
Languages
Translations
Request Service
Terms of UseThe following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Iinterpret. By accessing, browsing and/or using this web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this web site. This Web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Iinterpret may also make improvements and/or changes in the programs described in this information at any time without notice. ALL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED BY IINTERPRET ON AN “AS IS” BASIS ONLY. IINTERPRET PROVIDES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY AND NONINFRINGEMENT. Iinterpret may at any time revise these terms by updating this posting. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current terms to which you are bound.Privacy PolicyThis site collects two types of information from our users: anonymous information, and personal information.Anonymous InformationWe do record in logs certain information that is sent automatically by browsers, which includes the source IP address, time and date of the request and the page requested. But we do not release this information to anyone ever.Personal InformationIf you decide to fill out our Request a Service or Contact forms, we will collect information needed to process your request such as your name and email address. This information is confidential and will never be shared with anyone.