https://www.acolad.com/us/industries/legal/
Let’s talk about your project!
+1 (914) 833 3305
Responsive and available
Our team is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We respond to your requests in under an hour and are able to handle large projects in record time.
Personalized service
A dedicated project manager will be your contact for all of your translation projects, ensuring a seamless, easy experience.
Complete confidentiality
Data security and confidentiality are essential in the legal sector. For the most confidential projects, we offer on-site translations and NDAs.
Legal translation services
Legal translation projects can be complex, and they require in-depth expertise. At Acolad, we work exclusively with expert legal translators to ensure that you receive accurate translations that communicate your message exactly as you intended it. Legal translation requires excellent linguistic skills as well as extensive knowledge of the legal sector, including expertise in legal concepts and fields such as contracts, court judgments, and petitions. Our team of specialized legal translators have been rigorously screened and are able to reproduce the source document in a new language while respecting the terminology that your firm uses
Responsive service
Legal translation projects often have tight deadlines or change unexpectedly, which is why our team is available 24/7. Thanks to our team of expert legal translators, we can meet your urgent translation needs while delivering excellent quality. We efficiently complete even the most complex and urgent projects, and our expert project managers are there to accompany you every step of the way. We have experience working with law firms, internal legal departments, insurance companies, and many other firms to provide top-quality legal translations under tight deadlines.
Sworn translations by Acolad
At Acolad, our network of certified sworn translators and our extensive experience providing legal translations enable us to provide translations which are accepted for official use. If you want to make sure that your legal documents go through the appropriate certification process, please contact us for a consultation.
Acolad can meet all of your legal translation needs:
Civil acts
Contracts
Patents
Summons
Rulings
Articles of association
Sworn translations
Certification, legalization and apostille for all legal documents
Need a quote for your translation project?
We’ll get back to you quickly!
Request a quote
Discover all of Our Industries:
Industry Translation Services
Environmental Translation Services
IT Translation Services
Retail & Luxury Translation Services
Life sciences: Medical, scientific, and pharmaceutical translation
Website Translation Services
Financial Translation Services
Project Solutions
Service Translation Agency: Service-Sector Translator
Marketing Translation Services
Tourism translation services
Welcome AAC Global and Telelingua to the Acolad family! From now on, all the news and updates will be available exclusively on Acolad website.
are joining forces to become the
Acolad Group
Learn more about our rebranding
Continue to the Acolad website
Welcome AAC Global and Telelingua to the Acolad family!
Learn more
close
Created with Sketch.
Acolad Newsletter: all the latest news about international expansion
By submitting this form I agree to receive information about Acolad and international expansion. My data will not be disclosed to third parties. Acolad will only use my data to respond to me and offer me content related to my interests. For more information, see Acolad's Privacy Policy.
Let's talk about your project
We'll get back to you quickly.
Contact us