http://www.kaylinpromotions.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Cart (0)
X
Home
Printing Services
View All Printing Services
Business Cards
View All Business Cards
Silk Laminated Business Cards
Silk Laminated Business Cards with Rounded Corners
Full Color Business Cards
Linen Business Cards
Business Cards - Silk with Foil
Business Cards - Soft Velvet Suede
Business Cards - 14pt Uncoated
Business Cards - Colored Foil
Business Cards - Silk with Spot UV
Plastic Business Cards
Business Card Nail File with Mirror
Business Card Nail File
Business Cards - Waterproof
Mint Business Cards with Rounded Corners
Business Cards - Metal Bottle Opener
Banners
Retractable Banner Stands
Booklets
Brochures
Calendars
Catalog
Door Hangers
Envelopes
Flyers
Forms
Cards
Letterheads
Linen Stationery
Magazines
Manilla File Folders
Newsletters
Notepads
Postcards
Posters
Presentation Folders
Sell Sheets
Signs
Coroplast Signs
PVC Signs
Foamcore | Foamboard Signs
Sandwich Boards
Acrylic Wall Signs
Aluminum Signs
Sticky Notes
Tradeshow Displays & Graphics
Step and Repeat Photo Backdrops
Table Cloths
Promotional Products
Logo Shirts
Trade Show Displays
View All Tradeshow Displays & Graphics
Full Color Retractable Banner Stands
Fabric Booth Displays
Straight Booth Displays
Curved Booth Displays
Tabletop Displays
Step and Repeat Displays
Light Up Retractor Pop Up Displays with LED Lights
The Lounge
View All
Log in
Questions? Contact Us
(888) 443-2968
ABOUT US
CELEBRATING OVER 25 YEARS!
Welcome to the lounge
first class service because you deserve the best
Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products: Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read all terms and conditions carefully. You agree to the following terms and conditions when using this site, interacting with or ordering from Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products.
1.       TurnaroundTurnaround time for a print job where a PDF or hard copy proof is selected begins the next business day once the proof has been approved by you. If you did not select a PDF or a hard copy proof, turnaround time begins the next business day after your file is uploaded. Please note: that if we are unable to print your files because they do not conform to our file requirements, your job status will be put “On Hold” and your turnaround time will be reset.
Allow additional business days for delivery based on the shipping method you selected. Business days are Monday through Friday. Holidays, Saturdays and Sundays do not count when calculating turnaround. Our turnaround times are an estimate, and are not to be confused with a guarantee. We assume no responsibility for delays caused by delivery carriers or any damages resulting from the failure to receive a job on time. Your order may arrive late due to unforeseen delays in delivery service, the breakdown of equipment, natural disasters, etc.
2.       Payment TermsAll orders must be prepaid. We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products, also known as KaylinPrintandPromos.com uses Ipromoteu for all billing. Charges on your credit card or bank statements will appear as IPROMOTEU. Under no circumstances will Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products provide COD terms on an order.  Credit terms may be applied for and are reviewed on a case by case basis.
3.       Quotations/EstimatesPrices posted on this website are subject to change without notice. Written estimates are good for 30 days. An estimate not accepted within 30 days may be changed.
4.       OrdersKaylin Printing and Promotional Products reserves the right to use its sole discretion in refusing to print anything it deems improper or known to be illegal. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products is not liable for any damages resulting from unwitting violation of copyright laws or illegal use of trade names or slogans. The client guarantees the legal title of all matter submitted to Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products for printing and/or publication.
5.       CancellationsA request to cancel an order should be done by email to prevent the job from moving forward in the production process. Cancelled orders require compensation for incurred costs and related obligations at the time of cancellation. No refunds will be given for orders cancelled after your job has been added to production.
Orders cancelled after 30 days are only eligible for house credit.
Notice of cancellation will be acknowledged by email.
6.       Accuracy of Specifications Quotations are based on the accuracy of the specifications provided. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products can requote a job at the time of submission if the art does not conform to the information on which the original estimate was based. Orders placed with Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products are to the client’s knowledge correct, and there are no conditions or agreements relating to the order which are not written or accompanying said order.
7.     Overruns & Underruns: All orders are subject to a +/- 10% overrun or underrun and will be shipped and billed accordingly. Although we endeavor to ship the quantity ordered, Kaylin reserves the right to ship within 10% over or under the requested quantity. If a minimum quantity is a necessity we recommend that you adjust the total quantity ordered to account for the possibility of an under run.
8.           Less than minimum: Some manufacturers of promotional products will do less than minimums for an additional charge. Please contact us for more details.
9.          Assorted Product Colors: Some manufacturers will allow you to imprint on an assortment of product colors for an additional charge. Please contact us for more details.
10.       Packaging: Please refer to item pages for standard packaging. Special packaging is available upon request. Please contact us for more details.
11.       Prices: Subject to change without prior notification. Not responsible for pricing errors.
12.      Samples or Printed Spec Samples: Will be billed and shipped via ground freight.
13.       Liability Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products’s liability shall be limited to the stated selling price to the customer of any defective goods, and shall in no event include special, consequential, incidental, indirect or similar damages, including without limitation, lost profits. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products warrants that every product manufactured by it meets industry standard for such product and is free of any material defect in workmanship. IT IS EXPRESSLY AGREED THAT THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR USE AND MERCHANTABILITY. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products makes no other warranty and no actions or words of Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products or its officers, employees or agents shall constitute a warranty.
14.       Indemnification The customer represents that it has the legal right to produce all printed materials ordered from Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products. In the event that a charge, claim or demand, or arbitration, action or proceeding (collectively, a “Claim”) is made or commenced against Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products based upon, relating to or arising from the alleged wrongful acts of the customers, or alleging that the printing performed or product produced by Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products ordered by the customer: (a.) infringes any copyright, patent or other proprietary right of any person; or (b.) contains matter that is libelous, slanderous, defamatory, scandalous or obscene, the customer shall indemnify and hold Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products harmless from and against any loss, damages, cost and expense arising from or related to the Claim including without limitation; (1.) defending Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products against any such Claim (2.) paying any judgment or award against the customer; and (3.) reimbursing Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products for any legal fees and expenses it reasonably incurs in responding.
15.       Electronic Manuscripts/ImagesIt is the client’s responsibility to maintain a copy of the original computer files, artwork and transparencies. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products is not responsible for accidental loss or damage to media supplied by the client or for errors on supplied artwork furnished by the client. Until Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products can evaluate digital input, no claims or promises are made about our ability to work with jobs submitted in digital format, and no liability is assumed for problems that may arise. Any additional translating, editing, or programming needed to utilize client-supplied files will be charged at our current rates. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products does not archive your work for longer than it takes to produce the final product. Please save your work!
16.    Alterations/CorrectionsClient alterations must be specified in writing and must include all corrections or changes from the original specifications. Such work will be charged at our current rates.
17.    Prepress ProofsWhen requested by the customer, Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products will submit color proofs for the customer’s review and approval. Shipping charges associated with sending the proof will be billed to the customer. Proofs must be returned, at the customer’s expense, to Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products marked “O.K .” or “Revised Proof Required” and signed by the customer. Until the proof is returned, no additional work will be performed. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products will not be responsible for undetected production errors if:
o        Proofs are waived by the client
o        The work is printed per the client’s written OK
o        Requests for changes are communicated verbally
o        All requests for changes of any kind must be made in writing to avoid mistakes.
o        Turnaround estimates begin after the proof is approved and arrives at Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products, Inc with the customer’s signature.
18.    Color Proofing
Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products guarantees that its prints will meet CMYK industry standards. We cannot guarantee “match-print” color fidelity and cannot prevent slight color shift throughout an order. Because we cannot control the color reproduction of a customer’s computer monitor, we cannot guarantee that the actual print color will precisely match any preview as it appears your monitor. Kaylin is not responsible for any color shift in converted photographs (RGB images) with black, near black, or gray tones. Color shifts from a perceived black or gray must be addressed prior to file submission. Proofs do not guarantee black, near black or gray final output. Please note that the application of UV coating may have an effect upon or change the appearance of printed colors. Kaylin is not liable for the final color appearance of a UV coated product.Because of differences in equipment, paper, inks, and other conditions between color proofing and production pressroom operations, a “pleasing color” variation between color proofs and the completed job [as determined by generally accepted trade technical methods] is to be expected. When such a variation occurs, it will be considered acceptable performance.
19.    Customer Supplied ProofsInkjet and laser prints are known to look substantially different than offset printing. We offer quick turnaround and low prices by printing to a “pleasing color” standard, using standard ink densities. There is no guarantee that your finished piece will match your printed sample. This is due to the varying results from different output devices including inkjet printers, continuous tone proofing devices,and film-based proofs.
20.    Electronic PDF ProofsIn order to provide an avenue for faster turnarounds, Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products may supply an electronic PDF proof when requested by the customer.  PDF proofs are optimized for fast web downloads, and as a result, may appear “pixelized”.  It should be noted that the final printed pieces will not appear in this manner, provided that the customer supplied artwork complies with our Artwork Guidelines. Furthermore, due to the variation in monitor colors and adjustments, PDF proofs may not provide an accurate color representation of the final printed work.  It is recommended that a hard copy proof be purchased for all color critical work.
21.    DeliveryCharges for delivery of materials and supplies from the client or the client’s supplier to Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products are not included in quotations unless specified. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products is not responsible for delays and/or damage incurred during shipping. Title for finished work passes to the customer upon delivery to the carrier at shipping point; or upon mailing of invoices for the finished work or its segments, whichever comes first.
22.    ClaimsClaims for defects, damages, or shortages must be made by the client in writing no later than 5 calendar days after delivery. If no such claim is made, Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products and the client will understand that the job has been accepted. By accepting the job, the client acknowledges that Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products’s performance has fully satisfied all terms, conditions and specifications.
23.    Disputes & VenueFor legal purposes, the venue for any dispute shall be Broward County, Florida, USA
24.    Right to SubcontractKaylin Printing and Promotional Products shall have the right to assign any portion of the work required to another contractor.
25.    Workmanship GuaranteeWe guarantee all orders to be free of defects in workmanship. If any order does not match the generally accepted trade standards, we will reprint the order or issue the customer a refund at our discretion.
26.    Privacy StatementAny information Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products collects from order processing or from any inquiries is not shared with any other company. Your information is only used for contact, billing, and shipping purposes. Your credit card information is never stored by Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products
27.    SamplesKaylin Printing and Promotional Products may use your product for samples or advertising purposes, unless notified in writing of its inability to do so.  In the event of a written notice, Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products will cease its usage of your product within 30 days of receipt of the notice.  Any usage of the product for samples or advertising purposes prior to the receipt of the written notice will be deemed as acceptable.
28.    BillingYour credit card bill will read “IPROMOTEU/KAYLIN”
29.    TaxesAll taxes and assessments levied by any governmental authority are the responsibility of the customer. All amounts due for taxes and assessments will be added to the customer’s invoice. No tax exemption will be granted unless the customer’s “Exemption Certificate” (or other official proof of exemption) accompanies the order. If, after the customer has paid the invoice, it is determined that more tax is due, then the customer must promptly remit the required taxes to the taxing authority or immediately reimburse the provider for any additional taxes paid.
30.    Design SpecificationsAll artwork submitted must meet the guidelines as set forth by Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products. Files which do not meet these requirements will be rejected or corrected at Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products discretion.  Time spent for correcting or conforming improper artwork will be billed at the current rates. Please contact us for design specifications.
31.    All Sales Are FinalSince each job is custom created for its owner, it can not be reused or resold to other clients.
32.    Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. Your information will only be used to complete your order. Under no circumstances will your information be sold or used for any other purpose.  Rarely, Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products may send out special notices regarding new features and products available on this site.  At your discretion, you may also opt-in to receive special promotional emails which may include discounts and other special offers from Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products.
33.    ChangesKaylin Printing and Promotional Products may change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless stated otherwise. This policy was last revised on May 5, 2014.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
• To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Privacy Statement
Restricted Use of Web Site
The use of this web site is restricted to registered customers (“Authorized Users”) of Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products and its affiliates (“Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products”). If you are not a registered customer, you may not use this site. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products reserves all rights and remedies it may have at law and equity against persons using this site who are not Authorized Users.
Privacy Policy
Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products collects, retains, and uses information about visitors to this site only for specific business purposes, including to protect and administer customer records and accounts; to comply with certain laws and regulations; to help design or improve Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products’ products and services; and to understand customers’ needs so that we can provide them with high-quality products and service.
If Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products believes it has a legitimate business reason for sharing identification and other personal information with a third party, such as to offer you certain discounts, products or services, it may share such information with third parties. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products may also disclose information about its customers to third parties as required or permitted by applicable law.
Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products may place an electronic “cookie” in the browser files of a guest’s computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies themselves do not enable us to access any personal information about our visitors; however, they do allow Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products to analyze guests’ use of our sites. This analysis helps us better understand which areas of our sites are most useful and popular so we can plan improvements and updates accordingly. Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products does not use cookies to retrieve information from a visitor’s computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
In addition, we may also use standard software to collect non-identifying information about visitors to our web site, such as:
Date and time our site was accessed;
IP address (a numeric address given to servers connected to the Internet); and
Web browser used.
Disclaimers
Use of Information and Materials.
The information and materials contained in these pages, and the terms, conditions, and descriptions that appear, are subject to change. Not all products and services are available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination and acceptance by the entity providing such products or services.
No Warranty.
THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THIS SITE, INCLUDING TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS OR OTHER ITEMS, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” KAYLIN PRINTING AND PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS INFORMATION AND MATERIALS AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THIS INFORMATION AND MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED, EXPRESS OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, IS GIVEN IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS.
All Rights Reserved.
Copyright in the pages and in the screens displaying the pages, and in the information and material therein and in their arrangement, is owned by Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products unless otherwise indicated. No part of the materials made available may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without prior written approval.
Choice of Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Florida or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Florida.
Agreement to Terms.
This site is intended for use by Authorized Users only, as described under “Restricted Use of Web Site.” By using this site, you represent that you are an Authorized User, and you signify your consent to Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products’s Disclaimers and Privacy Policy. If you are not an Authorized User, or do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of the Disclaimers and Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to the Disclaimers and Privacy Policy will be promptly disclosed in this area.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.kaylinprintandpromos.com
Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products
950 S. Pine Island Road, Suite A-150 | Plantation, FL 33324
Phone: 954-392-8135 | Toll Free: 888-443-2968 | Fax: 954-362-0856
Home
View All
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Printing Services
View All Printing Services
Business Cards
View All Business Cards
Silk Laminated Business Cards
Silk Laminated Business Cards with Rounded Corners
Full Color Business Cards
Linen Business Cards
Business Cards - Silk with Foil
Business Cards - Soft Velvet Suede
Business Cards - 14pt Uncoated
Business Cards - Colored Foil
Business Cards - Silk with Spot UV
Plastic Business Cards
Business Card Nail File with Mirror
Business Card Nail File
Business Cards - Waterproof
Mint Business Cards with Rounded Corners
Business Cards - Metal Bottle Opener
Banners
Retractable Banner Stands
Booklets
Brochures
Calendars
Catalog
Door Hangers
Envelopes
Flyers
Forms
Cards
Letterheads
Linen Stationery
Magazines
Manilla File Folders
Newsletters
Notepads
Postcards
Posters
Presentation Folders
Sell Sheets
Signs
Coroplast Signs
PVC Signs
Foamcore | Foamboard Signs
Sandwich Boards
Acrylic Wall Signs
Aluminum Signs
Sticky Notes
Tradeshow Displays & Graphics
Step and Repeat Photo Backdrops
Table Cloths
Promotional Products
Logo Shirts
Tradeshow Displays and Graphics
Catalogs
Custom Logo Apparel, Bags & Caps Catalog | Port Authority
Custom Logo Products | Promotional Products Catalog
Custom Logo Shirts Catalog | Vantage
Custom Promotional Food Gifts | Maple Ridge Farms
New Products | Custom Logo Apparel, Bags & Caps Catalog
Promotional Apparel | Trimark
Promotional Bags | Custom Bags | Printed Bags
Promotional Mousepads | Digispec
Promotional Pens | Custom Pens | Hub Pens
Promotional Tradeshow Displays and Graphics
Recognition Awards | Employee Awards | Pacesetter
Custom Awards | Personalized Awards | Moderne
Custom Company Shirts | Alpha
Custom Drinkware | ETS Express
Custom Pens | Promotional Pens | Bic(R)
Custom Magnets
Promo Items | Custom Products | Webb
Promo Items | Custom Products | Evans
Preferred Partners
Online Catalog | Custom Discount Labels
Promotional Flags | Custom Flags | Custom Pop Ups Catalog
Custom Calendars | Promotional Calendars | Triumph
Custom Tech Items | Spector
Custom Presentation Folders | Conformer | Admore
Promotional Magnets | Custom Magnets | Buttons
Promotional Items | Hub & Beacon
Folder Solutions | Admore
Promotional Products | Tekweld
© 2020 Kaylin Printing and Promotional Products.
Visa
Mastercard
Amex
Discover