https://www.universalindustries.com/privacy/
Privacy Statement
About this Privacy Statement
Universal Industries, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement applies to our website, mobile applications or any other sites hosted by our service providers on our behalf (collectively the “Sites”). This Statement describes the information that we collect, the purposes for which it is used, and your choices regarding our use of it. By using our Sites, you consent to our data practices described in this Statement.
Types of Information We Collect
The personal information that we collect about you can be divided into two categories, personally identifiable information and non-personal data. Personally identifiable information means information that specifically identifies you as an individual. Non-personal data is information that does not identify you.
Personally Identifiable Information
You can visit our Sites without providing us with any personally identifiable information. In some instances, however, we may ask that you provide us with personally identifiable information so that we can provide you with a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested. In these instances, the personally identifiable information that we collect may include:
Contact details, such as your name, job title, company/organization name, website, telephone number, and email address; and
Information about service or technical requests you have initiated for our products or services.
Also, if you make an application for a position with Universal Industries, Inc. we may collect the following information from you through our online portal:
Resume or CV, cover letter, previous work experience, educational background, type of employment sought, date available, employee referral, desired salary, travel preferences, information about your performance and career developments; and
Identification, such as your passport number, expatriate status, government identification numbers (e.g. Social Security Number) where permitted, immigration status, nationality, and, where permitted, information concerning your heritage and ethnicity (for diversity monitoring purposes); and
Any other information you submit to us, including any correspondences you may have with us.
You are not required to provide any of this personally identifiable information, but if you do not, we may not be able to provide you the requested service, complete your transaction, or process your employment application.
Finally, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as where your employer supplies your contact details in connection with a service request. If you make an application for employment with us or accept employment with us, we may obtain information from third parties, including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, recruiters, employment research firms, identity verification services, the references you provide to us, websites and other publicly accessible information on the Internet. We may also receive information you submit to us through third-party websites, including through LinkedIn, Facebook, and other publicly available sources. Where permitted by local law and with your consent, we may request background or credit checks from public authorities or financial institutions to evaluate your eligibility for employment, as well as your medical information if required to evaluate your eligibility for employment benefits.
Non-Personal Data
We also collect non-personal data that does not identify you, directly, including “automatically collected data,” “aggregated” or “anonymized” information that we collect to inform us how others use our Sites. Non-personal data includes, (i) device software platform, operating system, type of Internet browser, and firmware; (ii) mobile phone carrier; (iii) web browsing patterns, including websites visited; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code, and other non-precise location information; and (v) the way in which you use the Site, including frequency and duration of usage.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a text file that is downloaded on to your hard disk or in to your browser’s memory by a web server that allows us to monitor your interaction with our Sites. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer, read data from elsewhere on your computer, or misappropriate any personally identifiable information about you. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued you the cookie.
Cookies are useful because they help arrange the content and layout of our Sites and allow us to recognize those computers or other devices that have been to our Sites before. Cookies do many different jobs, such as allowing our Sites to remember your preference settings and helping us to enhance the usability and performance of our Sites and your experience using it; for example, a cookie could store your personally identifiable information that you have entered into a form on our Site. We also use cookies that are managed by Alphabet, Inc. (fka Google, Inc.) for providing its Google Analytics service, which allows us to understand how users navigate to and interact with our Site.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our Site.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
Services and Transactions
We may use your personal information to deliver services to you or carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information on our products or services you have purchased or otherwise use, registering purchased products, processing product orders, handling warranty claims, replacing product manuals, answering customer service requests and facilitating the use of our Sites. We may also use your personal information to send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. As part of delivering services, we may share your information with our distributors. We provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to deliver those services. These companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose.
Improving our Sites
We may use your personal information to perform business analyses or for other purposes that help us to develop and improve the quality of our Sites; for example, by customizing our Sites to your particular preferences or interests.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to inform you of products or services which may be of interest to you, and to otherwise communicate with you about offerings, events and news, surveys, special offers, and related topics. You are able to opt-out from marketing communications sent via e-mail at any time, free of charge by using the “unsubscribe” link in any e-mail marketing materials you receive from us, or by contacting us using the contact information listed in this Statement. Depending on your country of residence, you may also be able to opt out of other types of marketing communications; please contact us using the contact information listed in the Statement for more information.
Employment Applications
We use your personally identifiable information for processing employment applications. We will keep this information for future consideration unless you direct us not to do so. If you accept a position with Universal Industries, Inc., we will retain this information and may refer back to it during your employment.
Compulsory Disclosure
We may also disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual.
Security of your personal information
Universal Industries, Inc. is committed to protecting your personal information. We secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure using a variety of security procedures and technology. For example, we secure your personally identifiable information on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Your rights to your information
You may have certain rights with respect to personal information about you that is collected through the Sites or when you contact us. If you are a resident of the European Union, the rights described below may apply to you. For other users, the rights that apply to you will depend on the laws of your country of residence or, in some instances your state of residence. We will facilitate your exercise of the rights that apply to you in accordance with applicable law.
You may have the right to access, review and correct personal information collected through our Sites or when you contact us. In some cases, you can do this by going to the page on which you provided the information. You can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your mailing address, phone number or e-mail address.
You may be entitled to object to certain types of processing activities involving your personal information, including where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal information or where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing.
You may be entitled to request that we delete your personal information.
You may be entitled to receive and reuse your personal information for your own purposes. This is known as the right to data portability and, where applicable, requires us to move, copy or transfer your personal information from our systems to you or (where technically feasible) a third party chosen by you without affecting its usability.
If you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this Statement or, in the case of email marketing, by using the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing emails. This won’t affect the lawfulness of any processing up to that point.
We will respond to any requests from you to exercise your rights within the time frames required by law. We may charge a fee to facilitate your request where permitted by law. To exercise any of your rights, please contact us using the contact details set out at the end of this Statement. We may take steps to verify your identity before taking action on a request. If you believe our processing of your personal information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the supervisory authority in charge of overseeing compliance with data protection law in your jurisdiction. We would however appreciate the chance to address your concerns, so please feel free to contact us regarding any complaint you may have.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the Sites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
For more information about your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Statement.
Children’s information
We do not knowingly collect information from children and do not target or direct our Sites to children. The meaning of “children” is subject to the laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you are located.
California privacy statement
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. The law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Universal Industries, Inc. pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via the email or address stated above. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Changes to this statement
We may occasionally update this Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top and bottom of the Privacy Statement and take such additional steps as may be required by law. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we use and protect your information.
Contact information
Universal Industries, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Statement. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us at privacy@universalindustries.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Mailing Address
Universal Industries, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Dept.
5800 Nordic Dr.
Cedar Falls, IA 50613
Last updated July 2018
Menu