https://www.bela.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Privacy Policy
We at Bela Electronic Designs Ltd care about your privacy and how your personal data is handled. All information we collect about you will be used and protected by us using reasonable technological and organisational measures in accordance with current data protection law and as set out in this privacy notice.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is kept secure by putting in place appropriate measures to safeguard personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, damage or destruction.
This policy also sets out the legal basis on which such personal data is processed in accordance with GDPR.
This policy is effective from November 2020 but may change from time to time by updating this page.
Processing on the legal basis of ‘consent’
In certain circumstances we may ask for your specific permission (‘consent’) before processing your personal data. In these circumstances we will provide notice of the exact nature of the processing and give you a genuine choice to accept or refuse.
By continuing to use this website, you are confirming your acceptance (‘consent’) of this policy and understand its application. Please contact us if you have any further questions on this policy, have a complaint on its application or if you would like to exercise one of your rights as described below.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message or by post with information, news and offers relating to our products and services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing (or spam) and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that we recognise and abide by your rights as set out in data protection and privacy law defined below.
Should you choose to accept (‘consent’) to such processing you then have the right to withdraw your ‘consent’ at any time by informing us that you no longer give permission for your personal data to be used in this way.
Data and privacy law
Relevant data protection and privacy law includes;
EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
Data protection principles
Data is collected and processed following the six data protection principles
Lawful, fair and transparent
Specific and for legitimate purposes
Data minimisation (only collect what is needed)
Accuracy (ensuring data is accurate)
Storage limitation (retention)
Integrity and confidentiality
Personal Data
Means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person and as defined in the GDPR.
Processing on the legal basis of ‘legitimate interests’ under GDPR
In simple terms the legal basis of ‘legitimate interests’ means that the processing is necessary to provide the services we provide.
In order to do this, we may collect and keep a record of personal data about you from our website, telephone conversations, emails and written communications. When you contact us via our website, you may be required to provide certain information. We may also ask you for additional information, as required under the circumstances.
Please let us know if any of your personal data changes or is inaccurate so that we may keep our records up to date.
We may use the personal data we collect from you in various ways, including:
to process any orders placed by you;
to communicate with you;
for maintaining our internal records;
to improve the quality of our website/service; and
to protect our website and systems against unauthorised access.
The types of data that may be collected can include;
Your name and position held, company name and nature of business.
contact details including telephone numbers, email address and postal address.
IP address: web browser and operating system of the device used to access our website.
Any linked website that referred you to us, your activity on our site, and site you subsequently click to from our site.
Data sharing
Your personal data will not be shared with anyone else, including any third parties unless it is for legitimate purposes which may include a contract with third parties to supply products and services to you, on our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods or service, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data.
Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our commitments, and the obligations of the third party under data protection and privacy law.
We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within applicable data protection and privacy law.
Additionally, under certain circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, for example, where we are involved in legal proceedings, where we are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
Cookies
In respect of data collected from our website, standard technology called ‘cookies’ are used. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your device and can also be accessed by analytics services such as Google Analytics, these are used to help improve the service to you. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies being stored, or delete any saved cookies if you so wish.
To find out more about cookies and how to manage them visit this link.
Your rights
You as data subject, can exercise the following rights;
To be informed about collection and use of your personal data.
Access to the personal data we hold relating to you.
Rectification to any personal data we hold that may be inaccurate or incomplete.
Erasure (or right to be forgotten) to request we permanently delete any personal data we hold about you.
Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Data portability - to provide you with your personal data in a common format to be transferred to another organisation/ data processor.
Object to the use of your personal data for particular purposes (including profiling if used)
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
In the unlikely event that we have not been able to resolve a query or complaint, you can also contact the UK supervisory authority for data protection matters - the Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
Storage and retention of data
Whilst the majority of data we hold will be stored in the United Kingdom (UK), there may be on occasion a need to store some or all of your data outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using our site and submitting information to us. If we do store data outside the EEA, we will ensure an appropriate legal basis is used, and will consider if the EU has made an ‘adequacy decision’ in relation to the country or territory in question, request contractual safeguards, or request your consent as necessary.
Unless there are overriding legal requirements, we retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to keep you up to date to any information you opt-ed into, or to provide you with a product or service.
Third Party Sites
We may provide web links directly from this website, for example to the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and various social media channels. These sites will have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies, which should be individually read and understood.
About our website
Our website (www.bela.co.uk) is owned and operated by Bela Electronic Designs Ltd (company registration number 02048176). Registered Office: 12-14 Brooklands, Woburn Road Industrial Estate, Kempston, Bedfordshire, MK42 7UH.
Please contact us if you have any further questions on this policy.
React+ 5 Day Service
In the short term we guarantee fast turnaround deliveries and longer term we offer a repeatable and sustainable supply solution.
36 Years In Business
With 36 years in the business, Bela is regarded as the one of the market leaders in the small to medium volume high complexity manufacturing niche.
Follow us on Twitter
We use cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies. [More Info] [Accept Cookies]