http://www.barcop.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Our standard practices on how we use your personal information.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Bar Cop (barcop.com).
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
1)
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2)
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3)
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4)
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your order request (or other as described below).
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example, we use Shopify to power our online store - you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site - you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Information Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
User Registration
In order to use parts of this website, a user must first complete athe registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
Order Online
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Established in '98
Products
Bar Cop overview
Software features
Inventory scales
Get Bar Cop
Resources
About Bar Cop
Shipping & returns
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Bar blog
Get Help
Contact sales
Contact support
Help documentation
Renew support plan
Software EULA
© 1998-2020 Bar Cop