http://www.fundsnet.co.uk/terms-conditions
Fund Managers
Research
Low fees
New GIA
New ISA
Help & FAQs
Log in
Our terms and other important informationfundsnet provide a direct offer service, this means we provide all the information you need to enable you to make your own informed decision on which investments are suitable for you. However, this type of investment is not suitable for everyone, if you have any doubts and you would like investment advice please click here to take a look at our advisory services offered by our sister company City House Investors.fundsnet aims to offer a simple, secure, low cost way of investing. This section of our website outlines the services we are able to offer and the costs of these services.It is important that you read through all this information, please click on the link below:
Client Agreement
Data Privacy Notice
An overview of your legal rights and protection Web site Terms of BusinessWebsite content disclaimer. We have taken all reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website. However we can give no warranty regarding the accuracy or completeness of the content of this website. Hence we accept no liability for any losses or damages (whether direct, indirect, special, consequential or otherwise) arising out of errors or omissions contained in this website.We reserve the right to update, add, amend, remove, replace or change any part of the website content, including but not limited to functionality and navigation at any time without prior notice. fundsnet Limited or City House Investors Limited shall not be liable for distortion of data arising from any technical fault including transmission errors, technical defects, interruptions, third party intervention or viruses.Exclusion of liability. We cannot guarantee that this website shall be available on an uninterrupted basis and we will not be liable for any losses, costs or damages resulting from this website not being accessible or for delays in access. Access to this site may be suspended temporarily or permanently without notice.  Access to and use of this website is at the user's own risk and we cannot warrant that the use of this website or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to any property, including but not limited to loss of data, computer viruses, trojan horses and others. In addition, we accept no liability in respect of losses or damages arising out of changes made to the content of this website by unauthorised third parties.Web links. This website contains links to other websites which are hosted and maintained by third parties. These links exist for information purposes only and are for your convenience. We make no representation as to the accuracy, completeness or relevance of the information contained on such third party sites. You follow links to such sites at your own risk, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage rising from your reliance upon or use of third party sites.We have no control over the content or security of any third party site and our inclusion of hypertext links to such sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on these sites.We will endeavour to draw your attention to the point at which links to third party sites are being made. However, some links to third party sites may be co-branded with us and you are strongly advised to read the accompanying warning provided at these points.Website terms and conditions alterations. We may wish to change or update these website terms and conditions to reflect changes in legislation or Financial Services Authority (FSA) rules or recommendations relating to the Internet.If these website terms and conditions are changed, you will be required to view the new Terms and Conditions before using the site. You will be routed through an automatic disclaimer page when you enter our site so that you have the opportunity to view these terms and conditions. Website terms and conditions alterations. If you use this site after we have effected any changes, you are agreeing to be bound by those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by those changes, you should not use this site.Email. fundsnet cannot guarantee that any email you send to us via the website will be received by us. Equally we cannot guarantee that any email sent from our website to you will be received by you.If communicating by email, please note that emails sent from the fundsnet webserver to you are not currently encrypted and so we cannot warrant the privacy and security of emails during Internet transmission. Accordingly you are advised not to send sensitive material using this method of communication.Copyright. The contents of this website including, but not limited to text, graphics, images, navigation and links are the copyright of fundsnet. The content provided on our website is intended for browsing purposes only.You may download content from this site for print out on paper. However the purpose of this download must be for personal use only and all commercial use is prohibited, unless permission is applied for and obtained from fundsnet. Except as expressly set out above, you may not reproduce, modify, distribute or publish the website contents in any way.You may not remove or alter any copyright, trademark notice or any other legally protected mark from any copy of information downloaded from the fundsnet website.TrademarksThis website contains trademarks belonging to fundsnet and also unregistered trademarks including graphics, logos, phrases and icons. No rights can be granted in respect of any of these trademarks.