http://www.fyfeco.com/privacy
Careers
Contact Us
1.800.325.1159
FRP Strengthening Systems
Fyfe is ISO-certified and designs and manufactures Tyfo® FRP systems for the rehabilitation and strengthening of buildings, bridges and piping systems.
Certified Applicators
Fyfe has a large network of Tyfo® certified applicators.
Become a Certified Applicator
FRP Strengthening Systems
Fyfe is ISO-certified and designs and manufactures Tyfo® FRP systems for the rehabilitation and strengthening of buildings, bridges and piping systems.
Certified Applicators
Fyfe has a large network of Tyfo® certified applicators.
Fyfe Company designs and manufactures fiber-reinforced polymer (FRP) systems for strengthening, repair and restoration of pipes, masonry, concrete, steel and wooden structures. Founded in 1988 to strengthen deficient bridge columns in California using aerospace materials, Fyfe is recognized around the world as the pioneer of the FRP structural strengthening industry with over 40 patents in the field. In 2011, Fyfe was acquired by Aegion Corporation and today continues to serve various infrastructure markets.
Fyfe manufactures and designs specialized carbon, glass, aramid and hybrid fabrics combined with polymers for use in strengthening projects. The company is committed to providing quality technical support and professional, up-to-date solutions through continuous research and innovation.
Fyfe engineers offer personalized technical support to help with projects from the feasibility stage to project completion. Engineers, designers and material specialists are available to answer questions about Fyfe products and project specific designs.
Fyfe also offers project support personnel for its certified applicators to ensure that all phases of a Tyfo® system installation go smoothly. Fyfe assists its applicators with the most innovative and cost-effective designs to ensure successful projects.
Fyfe engineers work extensively with owners and engineers to develop turnkey solutions for their structural strengthening challenges. Customers often rely on our team for cost benefit analysis and input on design alternatives.
FRP Strengthening Applications
Blast Mitigation
Buildings
Industrial
Transmission & Storage
Transportation
Waterfront
Resources
Case Studies for Structural Reinforcement
Check out the case studies below to see how the Tyfo® Fibrwrap® system restores the integrity of aging structures and infrastructure.
Learn More
Case Studies for FRP for Pipelines
Check out the case studies below to see how the Tyfo® Fibrwrap® system restores the integrity of aging pipelines, and infrastructure.
Learn More
Fyfe Co., LLC
4995 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite 110
San Diego, CA 92123
Click HERE to contact our sales team.
Contact Us
1.858.642.0694
Country
States
Province
How did you hear about us?
I accept the privacy policy and I give my express consent to Aegion to treat my data for the purpose of sending of commercial communications and administration of the contracted services, as applicable.
*Please verify that you are not a robot.
Submit
Thank You
Close
Certified Applicators
Click here to learn how to become a certified CFRP applicator and for terms and conditions.
Learn More
Tyfo® Product Catalog
Fyfe Company is ISO-certified and the manufacturer of FRP products and strengthening systems.
Click here to browse our FRP product catalog.
Fyfe Product Survey
We value your feedback.
Click here to take our survey
Information
About
Aegion Leadership Team
Our Brands
News
Capabilities
Capabilities
Resources
Markets
Locations
Aegion Headquarters
17988 Edison Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63005
United States
636.530.8000
800.325.1159
© Aegion Corporation
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Our website has cookies enabled to improve the user experience. You consent to the use of cookies by continuing to use our site.
OK
Learn More
_linkedin_partner_id = "1239010";
window._linkedin_data_partner_ids = window._linkedin_data_partner_ids || [];
window._linkedin_data_partner_ids.push(_linkedin_partner_id);
(function(){var s = document.getElementsByTagName("script")[0];
var b = document.createElement("script");
b.type = "text/javascript";b.async = true;
b.src = "https://snap.licdn.com/li.lms-analytics/insight.min.js";
s.parentNode.insertBefore(b, s);})();