http://www.northpak.com.au/termsofuse
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
PremierNorthpak General Terms of Use
Please read these “terms of use” carefully. These terms govern your use of this website. By using this website you are agreeing to these terms. You must not use this website if you do not agree with these terms.
Ownership of copyright
The copyright and the material on this website is owned by PremierNorthpak Pty Ltd. This includes, without limitation, to the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material.
Copyright license
PremierNorthpak grants to you a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable license to:
•   view this website and the material on this website on a computer or mobile device via a web browser;
•   copy and store this website and the material on this website in your web browser cache memory; and
•   print pages from this website for your own personal and non-commercial use.
PremierNorthpak does not grant you any other rights in relation to this website or the material on this website. You must not:
•   copy, adapt, edit, change, transform, translate, transmit, publish, republish, upload, link, post, frame, distribute, redistribute, broadcast, rebroadcast or show or play in public this website or the material on this website (in any form or media) without PremierNorthpak’ prior written permission.
•   do anything that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on this website, or interferes or disrupts this website
•   breach the security of this website, test or scan the vulnerability of this website;
•   interfere with any other persons’ use or enjoyment of this website;
•   post or transmit to this website any abusive, obscene, defamatory, or otherwise inappropriate material; and
•   use the website or any content in this website in any way that is unlawful, illegal or breaches the rights of PremierNorthpak or any third party.
Data Mining
The automated and/or systematic collection of data from this website is prohibited.
Permissions
You may request permission to use the copyright materials on this website by writing to sales@premiernorthpak.com.au or PremierNorthpak, 13 – 15 Edinburgh Rd, Marrickville NSW 2204.
Third Party Websites
This website contains links to third party websites.
PremierNorthpak is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party nor does it endorse or approve such websites. We advise you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your personal information on such sites.
Limitation of Liability
PremierNorthpak does not warrant or guarantee:
•   the accuracy or completeness of any information available on this website;
•   that access to this website will be uninterrupted or error free;
•   that any defects will be corrected immediately; or
•   that this website will be free from viruses or other contamination.
Except where prohibited by law, PremierNorthpak will not be liable to you for any loss, damage, liabilities or claims and expenses that you may suffer due to use of this website, including use of any information on it.
Enforcement of copyright
PremierNorthpak takes the protection of its copyright very seriously and reserves the right in its absolute discretion to suspend or terminate at any time the access to this website of any user without notice for any reason, including but not limited to a breach of these terms. The suspension or termination shall not affect either party’s rights or liabilities.
If PremierNorthpak discovers that you have used its copyright materials in contravention of the license above, PremierNorthpak may bring legal proceedings against you seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop you using those materials. You could also be ordered to pay legal costs.
If you become aware of any use of PremierNorthpak’s copyright materials that contravenes or may contravene the license above or infringes yours or another person’s copyright, please report this by email to sales@premiernorthpak.com.au or by post to PremierNorthpak Pty Ltd, 13 – 15 Edinburgh Road, Marrickville NSW 2204.
Modifications to Terms of Use
PremierNorthpak reserves the right to make changes to these Terms of Use at any time. By continuing to use this website you consent to any variations noting that it is your responsibility to regularly check these terms for variations.
Copyright © 2020 PremierNorthpak | All rights reserved | Powered by Financial Tracker | Website Design by Jimmyweb
Copyright © 2020 PremierNorthpak | All rights reserved | Powered by Financial Tracker | Web Hosting and Website Design by Jimmyweb
Call Sales (02) 8596 8100 ENQUIRE NOW
BAGS
CONTAINERS &
TRAYS
CUPS & ACCESSORIES
FOOD WRAPPINGS
TABLEWARE
BAKING
CLEANING &AMP
HYGIENE
FOOD SUPPLIES
STATIONERY
BY INDUSTRY
Colleges & Universiti
Bakeries & Patisseries
Cafés Bistros & Brasseries
Catering
Chicken Shops
Churches & Charities
Clubs
Coffee Roasters
Confectionary Shops
Delicatessans
Fish & Seafood Shops
Food Manufacturers
Fruit & Vegetable Shops
Hairdressers
Hospitals
Hotels & Motels
Ice Creameries
Juice Bars
Non Food Retailers
Offices
Pizza Shops
Restaurants
Schools
Schools Colleges & Universities
Supermarkets
Take Away & Fast Food Shops
BY FOOD / BEVERAGE
Baguette
Biscuits
Broth
Burger
Burrito
Canapes
Cereal & Muesli
Chicken
Chips
Chocolates
Coffee
Cous Cous
Crush
Curry
Egg
Fish
Frittata
Fruit Salad
Gelato
Gozleme
Grain
Granola
Hummus
Ice Cream
Juice
Lollies
Mash
Meatballs
Milkshake
Muesli
Muffin
Nachos
Noodles
Nuggets
Nuts
Pasta
Pastry
Pie
Poke
Popcorn
Pork
Porridge
Potato
Rice
Risotto
Roast
Salad
Sandwich
Schnitzel
Smoothie
Spring Rolls
Stir Fry
Sundae
Sushi
Tabouli
Tea
Vegetables
Wedges
Wrap
Yoghurt
Appetiser
Bread
Cake
Cereals
Champagne
Cookies
Cookies & Biscuits
Dip
Dressing
Dumplings
Hamburger
Hot Dog
Kebab
Mac
Macarons
Meat
Milk
Oyster
Pad Thai
Pies & Tarts
Pizza
Pudding
Sandwiches
Sauce
Sausage
Seafood
Slider
Soup
Wine
LOGIN