http://www.efhss.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
WFHSS – World Federation For Hospital Sterilisation Sciences
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Mission Statement
Statutes
Executive Committee
Members
Members List
Membership
Activities
Members Section
Industrial Partners
World Congress
World Congress 2020 – Macao and Hong Kong
World Congress 2019 – The Hague, The Netherlands
World Congress 2018 – Mexico City, Mexico
World Congress 2017 – Bonn, Germany
World Congress 2016 – Brisbane, Australia
World Congress 2015 – Lille, France
World Congress 2014 – Prague, Czech Republic
Other Conferences
Conferences National
Panamerican Congress
Guidelines
WFHSS Guidelines
International Guidelines
National Guidelines
Questions & Answers
Chatroom
Q to experts
Research Grant
Education
Training Programme
Level 1
Level 2
Publications
Central Service
Forum
Links
Home
HomeWFHSS - World Federation For Hospital Sterilisation Sciences
Dear members!
Thank you for taking part in the online survey instead of the Annual General Assembly!
The following persons have been elected in the Executive Committee of the WFHSS:
David Bellami, FSRACA, Australia (new)
Damien Berg, IAHCSMM, USA (new)
Carolina Chiodini, FUDESA, Argentina (new)
Patricia Gutierrez Alegria, SPECH, Chile (new)
Christine Denis, SF2S, France (current President and EC-member)
Hervé Ney, SGSV-SSSH, Switzerland (current EC-member)
Tillo Miorini, ÖGSV, Austria (current EC-member)
so together with Duygu Percin and Harry Oussoren the new EC is complete!
We cordially welcome the new EC-members!
WFHSS Digital Day – 26th November 2020:
All presentations, symposia etc. are available for one year at
WFHSS-CONGRESS !
NEW:
A Spanish Version of  the WFHSS guidelines is available at
WFHSS GUIDELINES !
Dear Colleagues, dear Friends,
The WFHSS Executive Committee is pleased to put the WFHSS Guidelines at your disposal.
They have been written for all the professionals working directly or indirectly in the field of the reprocessing of Reusable Medical Devices (RMD) used in health care facilities.
They are the result of a consensus from a review of national practices, standards, regulations.
They are intended to provide guidance and the state of the art recommendations from an academic world society focused on science but their purpose is not to supersede local regulations, standards or guidelines.
They will be updated regularly to follow the evolution of the science and the evolution of the RMD as well as technologies.
Your feedback is essential to contribute to the improvement of the Guidelines, feel free to use the form to send your comments or suggestions.
We wish you interesting reading!
On behalf of the Executive Committee
Dr Christine DENIS
WFHSS President
Dear colleagues! In these uncertain times during this COVID-19 crises we would like to express our respect for all our colleagues that work in the CSSD (RUMED) departments all over the world. We support you very much that you make sure that all our patients are safe and our co-workers in the hospitals are able to do their jobs in the safest way possible. We realize that these times will ask sacrifices and sometimes drastic decisions and that temporariliy changes in the way we work might be necessary! Good Luck! The Executive Committee of the WFHSS
Language
Your Account
Login / Register
EC Section
Members Section
Search