https://www.picturepeople.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Preserving your family moments in portraits is important to us – and so is your privacy and security. This page contains our policy on how Summit Portraits, LLC. DBA “PICTURE PEOPLE” collect and use personal information, and how we work to maintain the security of that information. Our privacy policy is regularly reviewed to make sure we continue to serve the privacy interests of our customers. We reserve the right to change and update the privacy policy and these changes will be posted on our web site. We encourage you to visit this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes we may have made.Personal Information and security We collect personally identifiable information about you that you specifically provide to us. This includes, for example, the data you provide when you request further information, sign up for a service, respond to a survey or enter a contest or a sweepstakes online or when you visit a studio.We use this information:To provide you with the products, services or benefits you requestTo develop and improve our products and servicesTo improve the content of our site and its usefulness to youFor marketing and promotional purposesWe may contact you by postal mail, email or telephone to inform you about products and services, including special promotions and coupons, which we think may be of interest to you. If you do not want to be contacted by PICTURE PEOPLE for promotional purposes, you may indicate your preference by mailing a written request to: Attention: Marketing Unsubscribe, 1101 Summit Ave., Plano, TX. 75074. Please indicate which name, address, phone number & email address you would like to have removed from our mailing list.We may, from time to time, share this information with other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting and those that match your possible needs. We employ measures to protect against the unauthorized disclosure of your personal information to third parties. We require that any organization with which we share information also take measures to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of personal information.If you do not want PICTURE PEOPLE to share your information please let the studio know to mark this request in your customer file. Please indicate which name, address, phone number & email address we should not share.What information is collected? Information That You Provide To Us We collect information you provide when you visit our physical studios, register with us, open an account, place an order, upload photos, invite others to view your photos, send us an email or call us, enter a sweepstakes or enroll in a club or service. This information may include the following:Your nameYour postal addressYour email addressYour phone numberThe names and birthdates of your childrenWe encourage you to read this document carefully as it affects your legal rights, and describes the terms and conditions under which you can use our website. Users agree to comply with these Terms of Use, which Summit Portraits, LLC. DBA “PICTURE PEOPLE” may change from time to time without notice to Users. Users acknowledge any changes to the Terms of Use are immediately effective upon being published to this Internet Site. TERMS OF USE Description of Service PICTURE PEOPLE currently provides online websites designed to enable the sale of personalized products for commercial and consumer use (“Service”). These websites enable the composition of personalized products by allowing the end user to select a product style and template, add an uploaded digital image, and personalize the text. PICTURE PEOPLE also partners with other companies to fabricate orders. User understands and agrees that the Service is provided “as-is” and that PICTURE PEOPLE assumes no responsibility for timeliness, deletion, or mistaken delivery of orders, or the failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.Pricing Prices charged by the site are subject to change without notice. Prices are not guaranteed for a particular order until the User’s credit card has been successfully charged for the order.Image Storage User acknowledges that this site is not intended to be a permanent archive for images, content, or finished orders. Uploaded images, text, and finished orders may be deleted at any time. PICTURE PEOPLE will not be held liable for losses caused by the deletion of User’s images, content, or finished orders.Use of Images This website can only accept digital images that are your private property or that are properly licensed with permission from the owner of such images. Any use of licensed images or private property of any individual or business is strictly forbidden by law without the express written consent of the individual or entity that created or captured the image. Any user of this website who places an order using licensed images, accepts full responsibility for any laws that may be broken either deliberately or unintentionally. This website, its assignees, and or its affiliates will not be responsible for any irresponsible actions by users of this website pertaining to the electronic ordering of products utilizing licensed material.Offensive Content User agrees to not compose orders containing Offensive Content. Offensive Content includes images or text that are (1) obscene, slanderous, deceptive or pornographic (2) offensive to or disparaging of racial, ethnic, religious, or other groups, (3) inflammatory, (4) defined as obscene or offensive by applicable local, state or federal laws, (5) advocates illegal activities or (6) is harmful to minors in any way. User agrees that PICTURE PEOPLE may determine at their own discretion what content it deems Offensive Content. User agrees that PICTURE PEOPLE may choose to not produce any order that contains Offensive Content.Accuracy of Colors PICTURE PEOPLE strives to render orders as accurately as possible during the order entry process. However, User acknowledges that colors in the actual printed product may vary due to monitor settings, data transmission errors, rendering engine errors, printer variations, and other factors. User acknowledges that delivered product may not be an exact color match to the rendered image on the Internet Site. User indemnifies PICTURE PEOPLE for any costs User incurs as a result of variances in color reproduction including, but not limited to, returns, lost income, discounts, and punitive damages.Customer Service and Returns User acknowledges that Customer Service related to the purchases made on the site will be provided by PICTURE PEOPLE. Because each item is custom-made, all sales are final. Products are sold “as-is”. Returns are not accepted.Warranty PICTURE PEOPLE makes no representation, express or implied, regarding any product featured in this Internet Site. PICTURE PEOPLE expressly disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Furthermore, PICTURE PEOPLE shall not be liable for any losses, liabilities, or damages, including direct, indirect or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost revenue, lost profits, business interruption, and the like) arising from the use of or related to any product purchased from this Internet Site.Limitation of Liability This Internet Site is provided “as-is.” PICTURE PEOPLE shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost revenue, lost profits, business interruption, lost information or data, computer interruption, and the like) arising from or related to the use of or inability to use this Internet Site. PICTURE PEOPLE and its subsidiaries expressly disclaim any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.It is a violation of Federal and international law to use this Internet Site in any manner other than as presented herein.The descriptions, suggestions, recommendations and other statements provided by PICTURE PEOPLE are for informational purposes only. PICTURE PEOPLE makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, regarding any product or product description. PICTURE PEOPLE shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages arising from use of or reliance upon the descriptions, suggestions, recommendations or other statements contained on this site.Credit Card Transaction Processing User authorizes PICTURE PEOPLE to process payment for orders at the time orders are placed. This means User’s credit card will be authorized and charged at that time. Orders will be fabricated and shipped within five business days of order acceptance. Shipping may take up to five business days.Computer Equipment and Access User agrees to cover all costs associated with User’s access to this Internet Site. This includes User’s computer equipment, Internet access, telephone services and software.Security PICTURE PEOPLE utilizes Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology with 128-bit encryption to protect Private Information and credit card information. Users of the site are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their account(s) and password(s) and for restricting access to their computer. User certifies that User is at least 18 years of age. Anyone under 18 years of age must have permission and accompaniment of an adult to use the site.Property Rights It is illegal to copy, photograph, transcribe, reproduce or otherwise record in any manner this Internet Site, or any part thereof, without the prior written consent of PICTURE PEOPLE. All materials including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, written content and other materials that are part of this Internet Site are copyrighted by PICTURE PEOPLE. This Internet Site contains copyrighted software and other proprietary material that may not be decompiled, reverse engineered, disassembled or otherwise reproduced, in whole or in part.User grants PICTURE PEOPLE and its designated agents the right to use images user uploads to the site. User grants PICTURE PEOPLE the right to display any image User uploads to the site and orders User composes on the site as an example of customer orders.Trademarks PICTURE PEOPLE is the is a trademark of Summit Portraits, LLC. Product names and brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.Applicable Law This site is created and controlled by PICTURE PEOPLE in the State of Delaware. User agrees that the laws of the State of Delaware will govern all terms, conditions, and disclaimers on the site, including these Terms of Use, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.Severability If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining portions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and to the extent possible the parties shall cooperate to comply with the intent of the otherwise unenforceable provisions.Force Majeure PICTURE PEOPLE shall not be liable or deemed to be in default for any delay or failure in performance under this Agreement or interruption of service resulting directly or indirectly from acts of God, civil or military authority, acts of public enemy, war, riots, civil disturbances, insurrections, accidents, fire, explosions, earthquakes, interruptions of electrical service, or any other cause beyond reasonable control of PICTURE PEOPLE.Entire Agreement This agreement comprises the entire agreement between User and PICTURE PEOPLE and supersedes any prior or previous agreements between us. Find a nearby studio & schedule an appointment with us today!
Find a Studio & Book a Session Home About UsFAQCareersContactLocations GalleryDigital BackdropsHoliday Photo CardsSpecial OffersBook a SessionGet special offers delivered to your inbox!
Please follow us!
© Picture People. All Rights Reserved
ContactPrivacy PolicySitemap