https://www.ze.com/privacy-policy
With the rapid increase of coronavirus (COVID-19) cases around the world, we at ZE PowerGroup wanted to share the steps we are taking to ensure the support and welfare of our employees, customers, and partners.
Learn More
Data Ecosystem
Resources
Community
Blog
Contact Us
Free Trial
Product
ZE Cloud
Deployment
ZEMA as a Service
ZE Cloud Hosted
On Premise
Solutions
By Role
C-Level Leadership
Procurement
Risk Group/Mid-Office
Trading
Quantitative Analysts
IT/Support Roles
Treasury
BI Analyst
By Industry
Agriculture
Commodity
Energy
Insurance
Publication and Data Services
Gas Retail Outlets
By as a Service
ZEMA as a Service
Curve and Automation as a Service
By Integration
Systems Integration
Trading and Risk Management Systems
TIBCO Spotfire
ODATA
R Integration
Tableau
By ZE Services
Consulting
Managed Services
Training
User Support
Company
ZE at a Glance
Management Team
Our Partners
Industry Recognition
Newsroom
Events
About Us
ZE Cares
Careers
Start a Discovery
Privacy Policy
ZE PowerGroup Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective starting: May 25, 2018
Your privacy is of paramount importance to ZE PowerGroup Inc., ZE PowerGroup UK Inc., ZE Power Engineering Inc., and its Subsidiaries (ZE) at Head Office Unit 130 5920 No. 2 Road, Richmond, British Columbia, Canada V7C 4R9.
Our privacy and cookies policy is quite simple: we won’t use your personal data for any other purpose than the one for which you originally gave it to us: sending you company updates, ZE Products such as ZEMA™, consulting services, technical support, data or Industry-related webinars, requested documentation, video production announcement, demonstration or discovery request, Press Releases, events and publication announcements (Service). This may include contacting subscribers to update information once in a while, and, from time to time, inviting some readers to participate in a thought-leadership research survey for paper or article publication. Occasionally we also notify our readers of relevant events, products and services.
Outline of detailed Privacy Policy is outlined below.
Your Name and E-Mail Address
We will not rent, swap or sell our confidential lists to advertisers, other websites or list brokers, something we strongly oppose.
We may engage in co-registration opportunities such as joint events, webinars and publications with our partners, provided these partnerships are based on opt-in (i.e. your personal information will not be shared with our partners, and you won’t get anything from our partners unless you register to the Service).
Information we gather from you
We fully respect your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with the Service and endeavour to be transparent in our dealings with you as to what information we will collect and how we will use your information. Also, we only collect and use individual’s information where we are legally entitled to do so.
Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth and efficient experience while using our offerings.
We use your name, job title, address, telephone number, email address to provide a service while using our offerings. We log your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address automatically to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there. We may combine this automatically collected information to improve services, marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
We endeavor to keep Your Data accurate and up-to-date. As such, you must tell us about any changes to such information that you are aware of as soon as possible. You can update your personal information (other than your name, which cannot be amended) held by us any time. You can change your stated interests in respect of whether or not you wish to receive direct marketing from us by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ on any direct marketing electronic communication which you receive from us or email us at privacy@ze.com.
We do not accept personal data or provide Service to persons under the age of 18.
Why and how we collect and use your personal information
ZE only processes Your Data for the purpose of: providing, improving, and ensuring the delivery of the Service, developing new related services to users, and personalizing the way our content is presented to you and ensuring that content on our Service is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer/device. Specifically, we may collect
User account name/user id, names, job title and email addresses for uniquely identifying users and for communication to users
IP addresses to identify spam ov) information through the use of cookies (see cookies section below).
Are there cases where we may use your information to contact you
We may collect your personal information for the following purposes:
for administration reasons related to the Service (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service, activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance, updates, or in response to a question that you ask us);
to provide you with information about our Service, activities or online content, including sending e-newsletters or similar correspondence and updates or responding to any contact you have made with us, e.g. on our website, by email or via the ‘How to Contact Us’ facility referred to below;
responding to your request for information, order, or support
When you contact us (online or offline) in connection with a request for information, access to our Service, to request a demonstration or discovery, data subscription orders in
customer community site or request for additional services, to provide you with support, or to participate in a forum or other social computing tool, we collect information necessary to fulfill your request, to grant you access to the product or service, to provide you with support and to be able to contact you. For instance, we collect your name and contact information, details about your request and your agreement with us and the fulfillment, delivery and invoicing of your order and we may include client satisfaction survey information. We retain such information for administrative purposes, defending our rights, and in connection with our relationship with you.
Contacting employees of our clients, prospects, partners and suppliers
In our relationship with clients, prospects, partners and suppliers, they also provide us with business contact information (such as name, business contact details, position or title of their employees, contractors, advisors and authorized users) for purposes such as contract management, fulfillment, delivery of products and services, provision of support, invoicing and management of the services or the relationship.
Surveys and Polls
From time to time we would invite you to participate in surveys and/or polls about our services (participation is always voluntary). This helps us with the improvement of our product and services we provide to our clients or prospects, partners and suppliers.
Marketing
Most information we collect about you comes from our direct interactions with you. When you register for an event we may collect information (online or offline) in relation to the event organization, and during an event, such as participation in sessions and survey results. We combine the personal information we collect to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence for conducting our business and for marketing purposes. You can Opt-in to receive information by email, telephone or postal mail about our products and services, or sign-up for subscriptions. When visiting our websites or using our services we may provide you with personalized information.
If you change your mind, you can always ask us to remove you from receiving personalized communication by sending an e-mail to privacy@ze.com.
Onsite visitor information
We register individuals visiting our offices (name, identification and business contact information) and use camera supervision for reasons of security and safety of persons and belongings, as well as for regulatory purposes.
Where we wish to use Your Data in any other way, we will ensure that we notify you and get your consent first.
Your Rights
You can request to access, update or correct your personal information. You also have the right to object to direct marketing. You can access the request process here.
You may have additional rights pursuant to your local law applicable to the processing. For example, if the processing of your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and your personal information is processed based on legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing on grounds relating to your specific situation. Under GDPR you may also have the right to request to have your personal information deleted or restricted and ask for portability of your personal information.
These rights are explained in more detail below, but if you have any comments, concerns or complaints about our use of your Personal Data, please contact us (see ‘How To Contact Us’ below). We will respond to any rights that you exercise within a month of receiving your request, unless the request is particularly complex or cumbersome, in which case we will respond within three months (we will inform you within the first month if it will take longer than one month for us to respond). Where a response is required from us within a particular time period pursuant to GDPR, we will respond within that time period.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
In the event you consider our processing of your personal information not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can lodge a complaint: Email to privacy@ze.com
Web Site(s)
We capture the IP address of our site visitors.
Additional information may be captured for services as detailed in the sections below this one. Only volunteered information sign-up will be captured.
Newsletter, Blogs, Articles, Webinar Recordings and Press Releases
We use MailChimp, SharpSpring and Leadlander as our email marketing and automation service provider. Within MailChimp, SharpSpring and Leadlander we hold the following data:
Information that subscribers may have provided when they opted-in to request one of our Service. This may include First and Last Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Job Title, Organization, Company Size, City and Country. This information is only held on subscribers who submitted it when requesting a Service.
Information that subscribers may have provided when opting-in to be on our mailing list. This is limited to Name and Email Address.
Information that MailChimp, SharpSpring and Leadlander determines on its own from subscribers’ activity, such as IP-based location (latitude/longitude, time-zone, and country).
We encourage you to review the Privacy statements for our 3rd party vendors
We do not sell or rent this information, and only use it at times on an aggregated and anonymous basis to determine general data about our subscriber audience.
The only time we share any subscriber information is when our subscribers download a piece of sponsored content from our site. In that case, we share the registrant data with the company(ies) that sponsored the download. Users are always notified prior to requesting the download that the information they submit will be shared with the sponsor.
We encourage you to review the Privacy statements for our sponsor partners.
Blogs & Testimonials
If you comment on the blog, you should be aware that any Personal Information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of the blog, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in the blog. To request removal of your Personal Information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@ze.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
We display personal testimonials and other endorsements of satisfied customers on our Sites. With your consent, we may post your testimonials along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@ze.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Access to certain ZE offerings such as the Community website requires a login and a password. The use of those Offerings, and the information or programs downloadable from those Sites, may be governed by a written agreement between your employer and ZE. Unless you request deletion of your Personal Information as specified below, your Personal Information may be retained by ZE to verify compliance with the agreement, log software licenses granted, to track software downloaded from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on those pages.
Social Media Widgets
Our Sites include Social Media Features or interactive mini-programs. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the Features to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Managing Your Data
You can request to see the data we hold on you at any point, and you can also request deletion of your data at any point.
Please email privacy@ze.com for any questions related to your personal data.
Opt-in and Opt-Out
We make it easy for you to manage your email subscriptions, update your personal data, or unsubscribe. We are not interested in keeping you subscribed against your will, and only want to present relevant information. The primary way to unsubscribe is by clicking on automatic links generated at the bottom of each email. This is also the way to change your email address: unsubscribe with the link at the bottom, and re-subscribe with the subscribe link found at the top of the email.
If you use our “send story to a friend” feature, we won’t use your friend’s email for any other purpose. In fact, we don’t collect these e-mails unless they have also opted-in.
If you post a comment on our blog site, we won’t use your email except to send you to update notices about the specific entry you commented, or to initiate a private one-to-one email conversation with you about your post.
Logging, Cookies, Web Beacons and Third Party Advertising
We collect usage data (technically known as “referrer logs”) on our web site, such as IP address, referrer site, or browser type. We do not link IP data to personal identification information except, when appropriate, for logged-on members to prevent account sharing fraud.
We may use technical tracking means such as cookies or web beacons (single-pixel transparent gifs). These techniques are used for statistical purposes only (e.g. finding our email open rate and website visits).
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your device by a web server which enables a website and/or mobile app to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of a to track usage behaviour and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. We collate information on in relation to the Service which is represented in aggregate format through cookies. They help us to improve our Service and to deliver many of the functions that make your browser experience more user friendly. You can find a list of cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in our Cookie Policy.
By using the Service and accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy you are consenting to the use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy.
For more information about cookies and managing them including how to turn them off, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Service’s essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on as otherwise you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Service or other related websites which you visit.
Security
We have put security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Only authorized personnel are allowed physical and/or digital access to servers and data. All servers and data backups are kept secure from physical and electronic intrusion by use of firewalls and redundant security systems, which are periodically evaluated and upgraded. We also encourage our partners and service providers to adopt and follow stringent privacy policies. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security, you can contact us at privacy@ze.com.
“Cookies” and other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies for the limited purposes of enhancing your visit to our website(s) and to enable us to track and target the interests of our users. A cookie cannot be read by a website or mobile application other than the one that set the cookie. No other company will have access to our cookies. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or device, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address.
Most browsers and devices are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser to notify you when you have received a cookie, or alternatively, to refuse to accept cookies. It is important to note that you may not be able to use certain features on our Site if you choose not to accept cookies. Some of the third party web-monitoring providers use cookies and other tracking technologies on our Sites.
ZE and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
To manage Flash cookies, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer
You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from our Sites
Other sites accessible through our Sites have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our Sites may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Sites. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit Personal Information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these sites directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our offerings, or your dealings with our offerings, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@ze.com or you can write to us at:
ZE PowerGroup Inc.
Attention: ZE Operations/Privacy Committee
130-5920 No. 2 Road
Richmond, BC
Canada, V7C 4R9
Privacy Policy changes
This Privacy Policy will take effect on May 25, 2018. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. Any change, modification, addition, or removal of portions of this Policy that are changes in a material way will be announced on the homepage(s) prior to the change becoming effective. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use our products and services.
If there are any substantive changes in the use of personal data, we will notify you via email with new disclosure statement, and ask for consent.
Legal Disclaimer
Personally Identifiable Information provided to ZE is subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants or orders. We make every effort possible to preserve user privacy and anonymity; however, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein such action is necessary to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes served on our Website(s).
— ZE PowerGroup Inc., 2018, 2019
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve your user experience.
By using this site, you provide us the consent for the placement of these cookies. Please read out Cookie Policy for more details. Find out more.
AcceptRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.