http://www.drhorton.com/legal-notices
Legal Notices
LAST UPDATED ON MAY 7, 2020
D.R. Horton, Inc. (which together with its affiliates, other than its mortgage company, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title, Forestar Group, Inc. and its insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc., are collectively referred to herein as “D.R. Horton,” “we,” “us” or “our”) provides these Legal Notices. These Legal Notices set forth information and policies with respect to this website (this “Website”), mobile sites, applications, and mobile interactive features (“Mobile Applications”), social media pages and blogs (“Social Media Pages”), and in connection with email messages that we may send to you. This Website, our Mobile Applications and our Social Media Pages are collectively referred to in these Legal Notices as our “Sites.” As used herein, the words “user,” “you,” and “your” mean users of this Website or our other Sites.
D.R. Horton includes the brands D.R. Horton, America’s Builder, Express Homes, Emerald Homes, and Freedom Homes.
Attribution.
All images depicting people are for illustrative purposes only and such people are models. Certain photographs, images, videos, and music have been purchased and are licensed by D.R. Horton, Inc. for commercial use and may not be reproduced. Photographs and images have been licensed by certain photograph/image providers, including, but not limited to, Shutterstock.com. Any images provided by Shutterstock.com are owned by Shutterstock.com and are licensed to D.R. Horton, Inc. for use on this Site.
Fair
Housing.
D.R. Horton, Inc. and its affiliates recognize the importance and significance of fair housing.  We conduct business in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local fair housing laws.  It is our policy to provide equal professional service to all persons regardless of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status or national origin.  Models do not reflect a preference for homebuyers.
Home Energy Rating System (HERS)®
The HERS Index® is a registered trademark of the Residential Energy Services Network (“RESNET”), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization formed in 1995 to develop and maintain national standards for evaluating building energy and resource energy performance. While not available in every community, if provided, the HERS (“Home Energy Rating System”) Index allows buyers to compare the relative energy efficiency of different homes. The HERS Index home energy rating is determined by an independent RESNET-certified home energy rater (“Rater”). The lower a home’s score, the more energy efficient it is in comparison to the HERS reference home. For every one-point decrease in the HERS Index score, there is a corresponding one percent (1%) reduction in energy consumption as compared to a home with a HERS Index of 100. Using RESNET’S energy efficiency software, the Rater determines a home’s energy rating by analyzing the home’s construction plans and performing onsite inspections; the HERS rating provided by D.R. Horton is not an “as-built” rating.
The HERS Index score for a home, and the estimated energy costs, if shown on its label, are estimates only and are based upon the average energy performance for specified home categories as determined by HERS. D.R. Horton does not warrant or guarantee that a home as-built or as used by its occupants will achieve the stated HERS Index score or that the amount of energy costs shown, if shown on its label, is accurate or will be achieved. D.R. Horton does not represent that all homes sold by D.R. Horton have been individually rated. Further, an energy rating score may or may not factor in all options and/or upgrades available to be installed in a home. As a home and its equipment age, the HERS rating for that home will change, as a home will become less energy efficient over time. D.R. Horton does not warrant or guarantee the monthly or annual utility bills for the home. The estimated monthly energy costs, if shown on a label, were calculated by dividing the estimated annual energy costs (as determined by the Rater) by 12 months. The actual amount of energy costs will vary from month-to month and may vary significantly due to many factors including, but not limited to, the number of individuals living in the home, energy conservation practices, utility rates and fees, the directional siting of the home, maintenance of the home, use of appliances, options and upgrades installed by D.R. Horton and other modifications to the home, indoor temperature preferences and the weather. Note that newer energy efficiency building codes have been adopted in some states so that newly-constructed homes in those states will usually achieve a HERS Index score lower than 100 and thus be more energy efficient than the HERS-referenced “standard new home.”
For more information regarding RESNET and the HERS Index, you are encouraged to visit RESNET’S website, www.resnet.us. D.R. Horton has no business interest in RESNET or any Rater. D.R. Horton reserves the right to modify or vary features or components which are constructed in accordance with applicable laws.
Homes
and Communities.
Homes are subject to prior sale.  Home and community information, association fees (if any), included features, terms, availability and amenities, are subject to change at any time without notice or obligation.  Drawings, pictures, photographs, videos, square footages, floor plans, elevations, features, colors and sizes are for illustration purposes only and will vary from the homes as built. Landscaping and furnishings may be decorator items that are not included in the purchase price and may not be available.
Incentives
and Promotions.
Incentives and seller contributions are subject to terms and conditions and may require the use of certain lenders or title companies, some of which may be affiliates of D.R. Horton. Incentives and seller contributions could affect your loan amount.  Promotional offers are typically limited to specific homes and communities for a limited time.
Prices.
Home prices refer to the base price of the house plan and do not include options or premiums, unless otherwise indicated.  Prices are subject to change without notice.
Plans.
Not every house plan will be available on every lot in a community.
Refund Policy.
Prior to closing, your ability to receive a refund of your earnest money deposit or any option deposit will be governed by the terms of your real estate purchase contract.  Typically, your real estate purchase contract will provide that deposits are refundable only if a contingency specifically listed in your real estate purchase contract is not met or in the event of a seller default.  After closing, there are no refunds.  If you have a repair or warranty question about your home, please click here.
Schools.
No representations or warranties are made regarding school districts or school assignments; you should conduct your own investigation regarding current and future schools and school boundaries.
Views.
No representations or warranties are made that the view from the property will remain the same; future development, growth of landscaping and the like may impact views currently experienced from the property.
Disclaimer.
This website contains
information about D.R. Horton properties that are for sale throughout the
United States.  This website is not an offer to sell out-of-state
properties to residents in states where prohibited by law or where prior
registration is required, unless expressly indicated otherwise.  Please consult a D.R. Horton sales counselor and review a real estate purchase contract for additional information and disclosures.
Contact Us.
The Sites are for general information only.
If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our Sites, you may contact us at: D.R. Horton, Inc., Attn: Chief Legal Officer, 1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, TX 76011.