https://www.archcuttingtools.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
ARCH Global Precision Privacy Policy
ARCH Global Precision (“ARCH”) is committed to maintaining your
privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to ARCH’S website at
www.archglobalprecision.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy explains
ARCH’s online information practices and the choices you can make about
the way your information is used at the Site. By using this Site, you
agree to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree, then
please discontinue your use this Site. ARCH may revise and update this
Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued usage of the Site will mean
you accept those changes.
Effective Date: May 26, 2017
ARCH Global Precision Privacy Policy
ARCH
Global Precision (“ARCH”) is committed to maintaining your privacy.
This Privacy Policy applies to ARCH’S website at
www.archglobalprecision.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy explains
ARCH’s online information practices and the choices you can make about
the way your information is used at the Site. By using this Site, you
agree to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree, then
please discontinue your use this Site. ARCH may revise and update this
Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued usage of the Site will mean
you accept those changes.
Definitions “You” and “your” mean the individual or entity visiting or using the Site.
“Site” refers to ARCH’s web site and other related web sites, blogs, domains, and mobile sites maintained by ARCH.
“Non-Personal Information” is any information that is not Personally Identifiable Information.
“Personally
Identifiable Information” is non-public information ARCH receives from
your use of the Site that can be used, alone or in combination with
other information in ARCH’s possession, to identify a particular
individual. It may include information such as name, home or work
address, telephone number, email address, and other personal information
you provide ARCH.
Information we collect Unless otherwise stated in in this Privacy Policy, ARCH collects the following types of information when you browse the Site:
• Information you provide directly, such as your name or ordering
information when you register or fill out an online form, or any e-mail
messages you send ARCH. • Web pages your Internet browser visits. • Aggregate data, such as the number of hits per week, per Web page.
• Anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such
as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
• Information about your computer hardware and software that is
automatically collected by ARCH. This information may include: your IP
address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site
addresses.
How we use information we collect
ARCH uses the information it collects for marketing purposes and to
provide general statistics regarding use of the Site. This information
may be used for the operation of the services it provides and to
maintain quality of the services it provides. ARCH may also use the
information it collects for marketing purposes. ARCH may also use the
information it collects to contact you about various promotions, to send
you information about ARCH, or, through surveys, to conduct research
about your opinion concerning products and/or services that ARCH may or
is currently offering. ARCH does not rent or sell customer lists to
other companies.
ARCH may, from time to time, contact you on
behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that
may be of interest to you. In those cases, your Personally Identifiable
Information is not transferred to the third party. In addition, ARCH may
share Personally Identifiable Information and other data with trusted
partners, which may include, contractors, consultants and service
providers, to help ARCH perform statistical analysis, send you email,
newsletters, marketing material, or postal mail, provide customer
support, or arrange for deliveries, operation of the Site technology,
marketing services, and other related services; unless you have
opted-out of such sharing with these trusted partners. Access to your
Personally Identifiable Information by such partners is limited to the
information reasonably necessary for the partner to perform its limited
function for ARCH.
ARCH does not use or disclose sensitive
personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations,
without your explicit consent.
ARCH keeps track of the websites
the visitors to the Site go to upon leaving the Site and it tracks the
pages its customers visit within the Site.
ARCH may combine
non-personal information you provide through the Site with information
from other users to create aggregate data. Aggregate data does not (i)
contain any information that could identify you, or (ii) include your
personal contact information.
ARCH may receive personal
information about you from other sources like telephone or fax, from
affiliates or third-party companies, or companies that it engages to
provide products and services (such as payment processing services,
attorneys, law firms or any other company that you provide personal
information to) in connection with the Site (collectively, “Third-Party
Companies”). Third-Party Companies may supply ARCH with your personal
information, such as your name and email and mailing address information
or your login credentials for such Third-Party Company’s web site or
service, in order to help ARCH to provide products and services. ARCH
may add this information to the information it has already collected
from you via the Site in order to deliver and improve the services ARCH
provides.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of personal information that ARCH collects while you use the Site.
ARCH
may use third-party storage or service-provider companies to perform
some functions including the processing of data. ARCH may disclose
information to protect its rights or property, to enforce the terms of
use and legal notices, as required or permitted by law, or at the
request of government regulators or other law enforcement officials and
the courts (including the issuance of a valid subpoena). It shall have
no duty to notify you of such compliance with the law.
Links to third-party websites
The provision of a link on the Site to any other web site or location
is for your convenience and does not signify ARCH’s endorsement of such
other web site or location or its contents. When you click on such a
link, you will leave the Site and go to another site. During this
process, a third-party may collect personal information or anonymous
data from you. ARCH has no control over, does not review, and cannot be
responsible for, these outside web sites or their content. Please be
aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these
outside web sites or content, or to any collection of data after you
click on a link to or for a third-party.
Email and email lists
ARCH maintains a contact page for sending it email or information
through a contact form. You understand that messages and information
sent to ARCH through the contact page is not secure and may be viewed or
intercepted by a third-party. ARCH may compile an email list from
messages it receives for purposes of marketing and the provision of its
services. ARCH does not sell the addresses on its list, but it may make
information available to specific business partners, sponsors, or
service providers. If ARCH at some point includes a mailing list form on
the Site, you may voluntarily request to join our mailing lists by
signing up or opting in through the form. To be removed from an ARCH
mailing list, simply contact ARCH through its contact page at
https://www.archglobalprecision.com/contact/.
Notification of data storage and processing in the United States of America and in other countries
Your information collected through the Site may be stored and processed
in the United States or any other country in which ARCH or its
affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. ARCH may transfer
information that it collects about you, including personal information,
to affiliated entities, or to other third-parties across borders and
from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions
around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other
regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from
United States law, please note that ARCH may transfer information,
including your personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that
does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and
you consent to the transfer of information to the United States or any
other country in which ARCH or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or
service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of
information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal
information, which may or may not include Personally Identifiable
Information, may be accessed by ARCH or transferred to ARCH in the
United States or to ARCH’s affiliates, business partners, merchants, or
service providers elsewhere in the world. By providing ARCH with
Personally Identifiable Information, you consent to this transfer. ARCH
will protect the privacy and security of Personally Identifiable
Information according to ARCH’s Privacy Policy, regardless of where it
is processed or stored. If you do not consent to having your information
processed and stored in the United States, please do not provide it to
ARCH.
Information storage and updates You can
update your contact information by contacting ARCH at any time. ARCH
may keep all information in an off-line form, for archival purposes or
as otherwise required by law. Please allow six (6) weeks for updates to
be made and to take effect. You may contact ARCH regarding a requested
update through its contact page
athttps://www.archglobalprecision.com/contact/.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
ARCH may modify this policy without advance notice and any
modifications are effective when they are posted here. By using the
Site, you indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of the
policy posted at the time of your use. If you have any questions,
please contact ARCH through its contact page at
https://www.archglobalprecision.com/contact/.
Use of cookies
The Site may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small
piece of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your
computer’s hard drive. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or
read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your
system. Cookies allow ARCH to recognize you as a user when you return to
the Site using the same computer and web browser. ARCH uses cookies to
identify which areas of the Site you have visited. ARCH also may use
this information to better personalize the content you see on the Site.
ARCH does not store unencrypted Personally Identifiable Information in
the cookies. ARCH also does not link Non-Personal Information from
cookies to your Personally Identifiable Information.
For more
information about how to manage your cookies preferences, use the ‘help’
menu of your web browser or explore the customer support sections of
your web browser. To opt-out of all cookies or certain advertising
cookies, visit the company web site for your browser. Here are links to
some browsers’ web sites:
• Google Chrome: www.google.com • Internet Explorer: support.microsoft.com • Mozilla Firefox: support.mozilla.org • Safari: support.apple.com • Opera: www.opera.com
“Do Not Track” notice
Your browser may provide you with the option to send a “Do Not Track”
signal to web sites you visit. This signal is used to request that web
sites not send the requesting device cookies, but web sites have no
obligation to respond to such signal or to modify their operation. At
the current time, the Site is not programmed to recognize Do Not Track
signals, so the Site will not treat you differently if the Site receives
such signals from your browser and ARCH may not comply with Do Not
Track settings on your browser.
To help ARCH optimize the Site,
ARCH may allow other authorized third parties to place or recognize
unique cookies or other tracking technology on your browser. Any
information provided to third parties through cookies will not be
Personally Identifiable Information, but may provide general segment
information to enhance your user experience by providing more relevant
marketing. Third-party services and tools ARCH uses which may send
cookies to users of the Site or utilize other tracking technology to
collect certain information from users, include:
DoubleClick
DoubleClick collects anonymous data (ad views, browser information,
cookie data, date/time, demographic data, hardware/software type,
internet service provider, interaction data, page views, and serving
domains), pseudonymous data (IP Address (EU PII), search history,
location based data, Clickstream Data, PII (name , address, phone
number, email address, login, EU- IP address, EU-unique device ID ),
sensitive (financial information). DoubleClick’s and DoubleClick Bid
Manager’s privacy policy can be found at:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Aggregate data is
shared with third-parties. Anonymous data is shared by third-parties.
ARCH does not combine the information collected through DoubleClick with
Personally Identifiable Information.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the
Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they
used prior to coming to the Site. ARCH uses the information it gets from
Google Analytics only to improve the Site. Google Analytics collects
only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site,
rather than your name or other identifying information. You can review
Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
ARCH does not combine the information collected through Google Analytics
with Personally Identifiable Information. Although Google Analytics
plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a
unique user the next time you visit the Site, the cookie cannot be used
by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information
collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is
restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy
Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return
visits to the Site by disabling cookies on your browser (see above).
Gravatar
Gravatar is operated by Automatic, Inc. and through Gravatar, it
collects your internet usage across multiple sites, tracks Your email
address when You post to websites, location, demographic data, and
collects Your email address, when provided. Gravatar’s privacy policy
can be found at: https://en.gravatar.com/site/privacy and
http://automattic.com/privacy/. ARCH does not combine the information
collected through Google Analytics with Personally Identifiable
Information.
Each of the services and tools listed above is
governed by the privacy policy established by the respective third-party
provider. ARCH encourages you to refer to such policies, which are
linked to above in the description of each service.
Web beacons
The Site may now or at a later time use web beacons. Web beacons are
small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web
sites. ARCH also uses these technical methods to analyze the traffic
patterns on its web sites, such as the frequency with which you visit
various parts of the Site. These technical methods may involve the
transmission of information either directly to ARCH or to another party
authorized by ARCH to collect information on its behalf. ARCH also uses
these technical methods in HTML e-mails that ARCH sends you to determine
whether you have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those
e-mails. The information from the use of these technical methods may be
collected in a form that is personally identifiable.
Note about children
ARCH is in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act), ARCH does not collect any information from
anyone under 13 years of age. The Site, products and services are all
directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Transfer of ownership
If ownership of the Site changes, whether in whole or in part,
information collected through the Site about you may be transferred to
the new owner so the Site and any service provided through or related to
the Site can continue. In that case, your user information would remain
subject to the terms and conditions of then current Privacy Policy.
California privacy rights
Under Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of
California can obtain certain information from companies with whom they
have an established business relationship. That information is about the
Personally Identifiable Information those companies have shared with
third-parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding
calendar year. The law requires companies to inform consumers about the
categories of Personally Identifiable Information shared with third
parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of
the services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a
copy of the information disclosure provided by ARCH under Section
1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact ARCH through its
contact page at https://www.archglobalprecision.com/contact/. Please
allow 60 days for a response.
CAN-SPAM compliance notice ARCH fully complies with the Federal CAN-SPAM Act. You can always opt out of receipt of further email correspondence from ARCH.
Opting out of information sharing and emails
If you do not want ARCH to share your information with its contractors
and service provider, as described above, or if you do not want to
receive emails from ARCH, you can direct ARCH not to share that
information by contacting ARCH through its contact page at
https://www.archglobalprecision.com/contact/. An opt-out of information
sharing will not apply to information sharing arrangements that are
otherwise required by law or judicial process or in order to notify you
of an urgent matter.
Contact information ARCH
welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or any other policies, you may contact ARCH by emailing marketing@archgp.com.
FooterResults Driven. Trusted. Cutting Edge.