http://www.pbs.uk.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
MHR UK Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
MHR is committed to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal data and information.  This notice explains MHR’s policy regarding the processing of your personal data and is provided to help you understand how we collect, process and protect your personal data when you visit this website.
Please note that if you are a registered user and an employee of an MHR customer and you access your company’s site from this page then you will need to make sure that you also read your company’s privacy policy for additional information explaining it how collects and uses your personal data.
The iTrent Service
As part of the iTrent Service, customers and their authorised users may load data into the service. MHR will not sell, share or distribute any such Customer Data except as provided in the contract between MHR and the Customer, or as may be required by law.
2. What is our role?
MHR is the data ‘Controller’ for any personal data that you provide to us through this website.  MHR will process your personal data in line with all applicable laws including the Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2016.  The contact details for MHR and its Data Protection Officer can be found at the bottom of this notice.
3. How we collect your personal data and information
MHR does not obtain and process any personal data from visitors to its website other than that which is given knowingly and voluntarily.
The personal data, such as your name, postal address, email address and other relevant contact details may be collected by MHR when you populate any of our online forms.  We may process such information to satisfy your requests for information and notify you by email, telephone or post about MHR’s services and products. In doing so, we will provide you with an option to unsubscribe from future notifications.  You may also exercise your right to unsubscribe at any other time by contacting us at the address below.
We may purchase information from reputable sources including personal information (such as name, email address etc) that is used in a business context for marketing purposes. You may at any time opt out or unsubscribe from these contacts by notifying us at the point of contact or by using the unsubscribe facility in any email that we send you.
In addition to consent, MHR will process your personal data for our legitimate interests which relate to your interactions with us such as order placement, service improvement, research, marketing and also where there is a specific legal obligation.
As a registered user, MHR will process your personal data in line with contractual requirements and may also record information about which areas of the site have been visited and information such as search query parameters.  This is for the purposes of improving the availability and prominence of the information most relevant to each registered user, and for the benefit of the user community as a whole.  We may from time-to-time contact you as a registered users to discuss your usage of this website.
4. Using your personal data and information
Your personal data and information may be used within MHR offices, departments and by authorised data ‘Processors’ for the purpose of supporting the services we offer to you.  Our staff and authorised data ‘Processors’ will only use your information to the extent needed to perform their business functions.
MHR may disclose personal data and information if it is required to do so by law, Court order or for the prevention of fraud or crime or if we believe it is necessary to defend the rights, property or personal safety of the MHR website or its visitors.
5. MHR e-Shop
Where you decide to purchase People First online, we use a third party to provide our e-shop, this is Shopify who provide the full functionality from order to payment including the processing of your credit or debit card payments. Their Privacy notice can be found here and their cookie policy is here. You will also be presented with a further, more detailed, privacy notice from MHR at the point that you enter the shop.
6. Recruitment
If we receive your CV, this is likely to contain sensitive or ‘special category’ personal data.  Although this does not form part of any initial contract with us, this and other relevant personal data that you provide or that we ask you for is a necessary step prior to entering into any future contract with MHR.  No decisions will be made solely by automated decision-making (including profiling).  A separate privacy notice will be made available to you as part of the recruitment process, a copy of this can be found on our careers page.
7. Cookies
Whilst you are using this website we may use cookies and collect other information (such as IP addresses) regarding your browsing activity.  This information is used for internal purposes only and is used to assist us in evaluating, developing and improving this website.  We do not use this information to attempt to find out the identities of those using our website.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.  They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently to improve the user experience, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Two types of cookies may be used on this site; 'session cookies' and 'persistent cookies'. Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in your browser until you have exited the website. Persistent cookies will remain in your browser for a longer period of time.  This website makes use of cookies to monitor visitor sessions.  No personal data is stored in the cookie that is issued by this site.  The value stored in the cookie is an anonymous identifier, which is not linked to any other personal data or information you may give us during your visit.
If you do not wish to receive these cookies you can disable them in your browser, but in doing so it may affect the functionality of our website.  Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.about cookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
8. Non-disclosure to Third Parties
MHR does not supply your information to third parties for any other purpose than that described above, but may use your personal data for marketing and other purposes which will be described at the electronic or physical point of collection at which point you will be provided with the option to opt in. You can at any time change your option and opt-out of receiving information from MHR by contacting us through any of the channels provided by this website.
9. International Transfers
Your personal data may be processed outside of the EEA and in such cases MHR ensures that any such processing only takes place under contract with the correct security and compliance measures in place to ensure that your privacy and data protection rights continue to be protected.
10. Security
We apply appropriate security controls to the access, use and storage of the data that you provide to us. This is evidenced by our achievement of certification to recognised security standards and our use of external providers to validate our controls.
11. Other sites
This website may contain links to other third party websites. These third party websites are not owned or controlled by MHR and we do accept no responsibility for their content, their privacy policies or how they treat information obtained from their users.
12. How long we keep your personal data and information for
We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for any contract you hold with MHR or until you unsubscribe from any notifications that you have been receiving.  Once any personal data is no longer needed, it may be fully anonymised and used for analytical purposes.
13. Your Rights
Subject to some legal exceptions, you have a right to request a copy of the personal data and information that we hold and process about you.  Similarly, you also have other rights in relation to rectification, erasure, restriction, data portability, objections and automated decision making.  If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal data or wish to exercise or discuss your other rights then please contact the MHR Data Protection Officer using the contact details at the bottom of this page.
You have the right to complain to MHR about the way your personal data and information is processed.  Please contact the MHR Data Protection Officer using the contact details at the bottom of the page.  If you remain dissatisfied then you may also complain to the Information Commissioners Office. They can be contacted at:
Information Commissioners Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
www.ico.org.uk
14. Acceptance
This Privacy Policy was last updated in June 2020.
By using the MHR website you agree to the collection and use of your personal data and information as set out in this Privacy Policy.  If we change this Privacy Policy in any way, these changes will be posted on this page.
Please email any questions, concerns or comments you have about this policy to:
Data Protection Officer
MHR International UK Limited
Ruddington Hall
Loughborough Road
Nottingham
NG11 6LL
Telephone 0115 945 6000
The Data Protection Officer may be contacted directly by sending an email to dpo@mhr.co.uk
15. Disclaimers
This website is mainly targeted at the UK, EU and EEA markets, visitors from other jurisdictions should be aware that we operate within the requirements of the GDPR and relevant UK and Member state legislation.
We take our responsibilities to children and young people under the age of eighteen under online privacy laws very seriously. The Website is not intended for use by any persons in this age group and anyone under 18 is requested not to share any personal data through the Website.