http://www.wirebelt.com/help-centre/belt-drive-issues
Toggle navigation
English
Spanish
Products
Help Center
About Us
Contact Us
The Trusted Metal Conveyor Belt Manufacturer™
Call Me Now
Find a Local Rep
(603) 644-2500
English
Spanish
< Help Center
Filter By:
BASIC VIEW
DETAIL VIEW
Search for:
Belt drive best practices
Flat-Flex®, Versa-Link®, and Compact-Grid™ belts are designed to be positively-driven by sprockets to eliminate the tracking and slipping problems that commonly occur with other types of belts. Whenever possible, the drive should be placed so that the loaded portion of the belt is pulled (not pushed). For best results, the drive shaft should be located as close to the discharge end of the conveyor as practical. The drive sprockets positioned on the shaft assembly should engage the belt along 120° to 180° of the sprocket circumference. (This is sometimes referred to as “sprocket wrap.”)
What is absolutely critical is that the sprocket teeth be aligned across the width of the belt. If one tooth is positioned slightly forward, the entire pulling action force will be concentrated at that point. As a result, the belt will break prematurely at this point. You can facilitate proper alignment by designing in a keyed drive shaft. This ensures an even pull across the belt, with the same tooth on each sprocket pulling the same wire strand.
In most applications, only one powered drive shaft should be used per belt circuit to avoid problems caused by the normal variations of pitch throughout the belt. However, there may be a time when a twin drive or other drive configuration may be a practical solution. CLICK HERE to Contact Support to discuss these application-specific exceptions.
North & South America
Change Region
Product & Support information on this site is intended for North America, South America, and the Caribbean. For other areas, please visit the appropriate site below:
Wire Belt Company Osterloh GmbH
Serving Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Russia, and Eastern Europe
wirebelt.de
Wire Belt Co. Ltd.
Serving the United Kingdom, Western Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australasia
wirebelt.co.uk
Products
Conveyor Belts
Conveyors
Drive Components
Weldless Jack Chains
Accessories
Help Center
12 Potential Causes of Downtime
Conveyor Frame
Belt Drive Best Practices
Inspection and Installation Check List
Belt Cleaning Fundamentals
Reverse Bends
Typical Conveyor Layouts
About Us
News & Events
Our History
Our Culture and People
Certifications, Policies, & Awards
Careers
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Contact Support
Find a Local Representative
© 2020 Wire Belt Company of America • 154 Harvey Road, Londonderry, NH 03053
ISO 9001:14001 Registered • Phone: 603-644-2500 | Fax: 603-644-3600
Privacy Shield Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
By using this Website, and/or requesting further information or a quote on this Website or through other means, or checking the terms and conditions box, you agree to the WBCA and HB Terms and Conditions set forth below, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube