http://www.elcompanies.com/en/privacy-policy
United States
Search
Who We Are
Who We Are Overview
At a Glance
Leadership
The Lauder Family
Global Operations
Retail Channels
Culture & Values
Creativity & Innovation
Key Moments
Our Brands
Our Brands Overview
AERIN Beauty
Aramis
Aveda
BECCA Cosmetics
Bobbi Brown
Bumble and bumble
Clinique
Darphin
DKNY
Donna Karan Cosmetics
Dr. Jart+
Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle
Ermenegildo Zegna Parfums
Estée Lauder
GLAMGLOW
Jo Malone London
KILIAN PARIS
Kiton
La Mer
Lab Series
Le Labo
M·A·C
Michael Kors Beauty
Origins
RODIN olio lusso
Smashbox
Tom Ford Beauty
Tommy Hilfiger
Too Faced
Our Commitments
Our Commitments Overview
Sustainability
Citizenship
The Breast Cancer Campaign
Employee Well-Being
Viewpoints
Working With Our Suppliers
Careers
Careers Overview
Explore Careers:
Retail
Corporate
Supply Chain
Technology
Research & Development
Brand
Location
Why Work Here
Students
Apply
News & Media
News & Media Overview
Newsroom
Media Resources
Contact Us
Investors
Investors Overview
Year in Review
Earnings & Financials
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Press Releases & News
Stock Information
Investor Resources
Switch to the other language
EN
ES
FR
JP
UK
EN
ES
FR
JP
UK
Contact Us
HomePrivacy Policy
The Estée Lauder Companies Corporate Website Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 20, 2019
Thank you for visiting The Estée Lauder Companies website at https://www.elcompanies.com/ (the "Site").
The Estée Lauder Companies ("we, us, or our") respects your privacy and values the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how to contact us about our privacy practices.
For the purposes of applicable data protection laws, any information you provide to us on the Site (regardless of your country of residence) is collected, controlled and processed by The Estée Lauder Companies in the United States at 767 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10153 USA
This Privacy Policy does not cover personal information that you submit on other websites, such as elcompanies.jobs or elcompanies.taleo.net or any of our brand websites. To learn more about the privacy practices of our brands, please visit the relevant brand’s website, which you can locate at https://www.elcompanies.com/en/our-brands.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
INFORMATION WE SHARE
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
COOKIES & ANALYTICS
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
RETENTION
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
HOW TO CONTACT US
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following categories of information about you. In some cases, the information we collect may fall within more than one category.
Contact information and personal identifiers, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and username or social media handle.
Device identifiers, such as information about your device like your MAC address, IP address or other online identifiers.
Demographic information, such as your age, sex, and gender (some of which may be protected by applicable law).
Internet or network activity information, such as information regarding your interaction with our Site or mobile applications, other digital properties, and advertisements, information about your browsing and search history on our Site or mobile applications, and log file information which includes, but may not be limited to, your browser type, webpages you visit, and other electronic network activity.
User Content, such as your communications with us and any other content you provide (including photographs, videos, reviews, articles, survey responses and comments).
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We may obtain personal information about you from various sources. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information are:
Directly from you, such as when you contact us with a question or complaint, respond to a survey or sign-up to receive communications.
Cookies and automatic collection methods. When you visit our Site or use one of our mobile applications, and when you open or click on emails we send you, we, and third parties we work with, may automatically collect information from your browser or device using technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Web beacons or pixel tags are small images which are embedded into our Site or emails that provide us with information about your browser or device, or whether you open or clicked on the emails we send you. These technologies enable us, or the third parties who place such technologies, to collect information such as device identifiers and online or other network activity information.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we have about you:
To provide products and services to you.
To communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries or complaints, and to send you alerts.
To administer your participation in surveys and other programs.
For analytics purposes, such as to understand how you use our website and mobile applications, determine what browser and devices you use to visit our website or mobile applications; and to evaluate and improve our products, services, advertisements, website and mobile applications.
To operate and improve our business, including to conduct research and development, to develop new products and services, and perform accounting, auditing and other internal business functions.
For legal and security purposes, such as to detect, prevent, and prosecute harmful, fraudulent, or illegal activity, loss prevention, identify and repair bugs on our website or mobile applications, and to comply with applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies.
Other short-term, transient use.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
Where required by law, we will use the personal information you provide for the above purposes if:
we have obtained your consent; or
we have a legitimate interest in doing so (including a legitimate interest in performing marketing activities, research activities, data analytics, and internal administration functions, processing and enforcing legal claims, and conducting our business in compliance with all applicable laws, relevant industry standards and our policies).
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We may share your personal information with:
Our corporate brands and affiliates. For a list of our corporate brands see https://www.elcompanies.com/en/our-brands and for a list of our corporate affiliates see https://www.elcompanies.com/en/news-and-media/contact-us.
Service providers. We may transfer personal information to service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that provide web hosting services.
Parties to a corporate transaction. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of such information.
Other third parties. In addition, we may disclose personal information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity, (iv) when disclosure of your personal information is otherwise required or permitted by law, or (v) with your consent.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Your Privacy Rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, and have the personal information deleted, as appropriate. Subject to applicable law, you may also have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal information or to object to that processing on grounds relating to your particular situation, the right to withdraw your consent and to receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, the personal information that you have provided to us where technically feasible. You may also lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority.
These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. You may exercise your privacy rights through our Privacy Request Portal.
Email Opt-Out
If you have registered for Email Alerts, you can at any time tell us not to send you alerts by email by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below. You also may opt out of receiving Email Alerts emails from the Estée Lauder Companies by clicking here.
COOKIES & ANALYTICS
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. We use different types of cookies on our Site, including performance cookies and functional cookies. For details on these types of cookies and information on how to opt-out, click here: Cookie Settings.
Please note that your opt-out only applies to the browser you use to submit your opt-out, so if you use multiple browsers or devices, you must opt-out on each browser, on each device. Your opt-out is enabled using cookies so once you opt-out, if you delete your browser’s saved cookies on a device, you will need to opt-out again on that browser on that device.
Do Not Track and Advertising Across Different Websites
We currently do not change our tracking practices in response to "do-not-track" signals or other similar mechanisms. Third parties that have content or services on our Site such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits. These third parties do not change their tracking practices in response to "do-not-track" signals from your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor "do-not-track" signals. To learn more about browser tracking signals and "Do Not Track," please visit https://allaboutdnt.com/.
Analytics Services
We may use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, on our Site, our social media pages, or our mobile applications to help us evaluate and analyze how visitors use these platforms. For specific details on how Google collects and uses information on our Site, social media pages, or mobile applications, please visit: How Google Uses Data.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to our affiliates and third party service providers in countries other than the country in which the information was originally collected (including the United States), where necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and your personal information may be processed and stored outside of your country of residence. Those countries may not provide the same level of data protection as your country of residence. When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we will protect that information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. We have also implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure such a level of data protection when transferring your personal information, including the conclusion of data transfer agreements incorporating the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, or using U.S. service providers certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, or other applicable data transfer mechanisms. You may obtain a copy of these data transfer mechanisms by contacting us as indicated below.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
This Site is not intended for or directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site. If we become aware that a child under the age of thirteen has provided us with personal information, we will delete the information from our records.
DATA RETENTION
We keep the personal information you provide for the duration of our relationship, plus a reasonable period of time thereafter.
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Site or mobile applications may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the websites’ content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of the websites.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a prominent notice on our Site to notify you of any significant changes to our privacy practices and indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, please contact our Chief Privacy Officer by email at privacy@estee.com or call us at 1-(212) 572-4200. You may also write to us at:
The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.
Global Consumer Communications
767 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10153
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Disclosures of Personal Information
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes:
Contact information and personal identifiers
Device identifiers
Demographic information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
These disclosures take place for the following business or commercial purposes:
To audit our interactions with you to ensure compliance with applicable law and to measure the effectiveness of our products, services, and advertisements;
To detect, prevent, and prosecute harmful, fraudulent, or illegal activity;
To identify and repair bugs on our Site or mobile applications;
To provide services;
For research and development;
To further our business goals, including to advertise our products and services; and
Short-term, transient use.
The disclosure of personal information for which we receive valuable consideration (i.e., the receipt of some benefit other than money) is considered a "sale". We do not sell your personal information in connection with the Site.
Your California Privacy Rights
You have the right to request the following details about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected personal information about you;
the categories of personal information we disclosed about you for a business purpose;
the categories of personal information we sold about you and the categories of third parties to whom it was sold; and
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
In addition, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (subject to certain exceptions).
You can exercise your rights through our Privacy Request Portal or by contacting us at 1-(212) 572-4200. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity when processing your requests.
We will not discriminate against you on account of your exercise of your California privacy rights.
We use cookies to ensure our website works properly, and to collect statistics to provide you with the best experience. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to this. Find out more about how we use cookies and how to manage your settings.
AcceptDo not accept
Video Text Only