https://www.seclock.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Security Lock Distributors strongly believes in protecting the confidentiality and security of non-public information in our possession and control. Accordingly, to better protect your privacy, Security Lock Distributors provides this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  We also describe how we collect, use, share and protect information obtained from you via this website (the “Site”).
By using this Site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The Information We Collect
If you are a registered user of Security Lock Distributers, this Site collects, by itself or through third parties, User Data including cookies, usage data, email addresses, avatars, and first and last names. This User Data includes both data freely provided by the user and data collected automatically when a user is using this Site.
Unless stated otherwise, any use of cookies or other tracking tools by this Site serves to identify users for the sole purpose of remembering your preferences and providing the services you request.
Commitment to Compliance with GDPR
This Site collects data to our Amazon Web Services infrastructure. All data is secured on transfer and at rest.
We collect the behavioral data of all website visitors. This includes; pages viewed, visitor source and time spent on the site.
The visitor IP address is collected to detect the company and geographic location. This Site also enriches that company data with contact data for individuals from publicly available data sources.
The Way We Use Cookies
We use cookies on our websites and applications.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site and application traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experience and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
We categorize our cookies as follows:
Category
Description
E: Essential
Cookies are used to keep you signed in to our service and to personalise your experience. These cookies are necessary to use the Service.
F: Features and preferences
Cookies are used to enable features and store your preferences. Not accepting these cookies might impact the way you experience our Site and can prevent some product features from working.
M: Marketing
Cookies may be used to help us deliver and measure advertising campaigns. These cookies are optional.
P: Performance and analytics
Cookies help us analyze how well our website and services perform. These cookies are optional.
A detailed list of cookies used on our website:
Cookie
Category
Purpose
exp_*EWebsite session information.
basic_search_begins_withEBasic search preference.
sld_*EGeneral site preferences.
_gatPUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
_gaPUsed by Google Analytics to distinguish visitors.
_gcl_auMUsed by Google Tag Manager for experimenting with advertisement efficiency.
_gidPUsed by Google Analytics to distinguish visitors.
_uetsidMUsed by Microsoft Bing Ads to track visitors.
_uetvidMUsed by Microsoft Bing Ads to track visitors.
ajs_anonymous_idPUsed by Segment as a random generated id for anonymous visitors.
ajs_user_idPUsed by Segment as your Seclock user id if you are signed in as a user.
intercom-id-u4szkgggFUser by Intercom for the chat feature on our website. It helps to remember you between your visits and allows you to resume previous conversations.
intercom-session-u4szkgggFUser by Intercom as your Seclock ID. It helps our support staff to identify you.
Analytics
Analytics are used to monitor and analyze web traffic and user behavior.  Security Lock Distributors uses Google Analytics for these purposes.  Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the User Data collected to track and examine the use of this Site, to prepare reports on its activities, and to share these reports with other Google services.  Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy and Opt Out Policy are available at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Managing Contacts and Sending Messages
By filling in the contact form with your email address and name, you authorize Security Lock Distributors to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes, or any other request.
Security Lock Distributors uses MailChimp to manage a database of user contacts, including email addresses, phone numbers, and date and time of communications with users.  MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
MailChimp’s privacy policy is available at
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
User Database Management
Security Lock Distributors uses Intercom Inc. to provide user database management services.  These services allow Security Lock Distributors to build user profiles including email addresses, names, user activity, and publicly available information about the user (such as social network profiles) to build private profiles.  Intercom may also be used as a medium for communications.
Intercom’s privacy policy is available at
https://docs.intercom.io/pricing-privacy-and-terms/intercom-inc-privacy-policy
Legal Action
User Data may be used for legal purposes, including in possible legal actions arising from improper use of this Site or the related services.  Security Lock Distributors may be required to disclose User Data upon the request of public authorities or in response to a subpoena.
The Rights of Users
Users have the following rights under this privacy policy:
To know whether your User Data has been stored.
To know about the contents and origin of your User Data.
To verify the accuracy of your User Data or ask that it be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or transformed into anonymous format.
To block any data held in violation of law.
This Site does not support “Do Not Track” requests.  To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Requests under this policy should be sent to Security Lock Distributors at the contact information set out below.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Security Lock Distributors reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page.
How to Contact Us
Users may request more details concerning the collection, storage, processing, or use of User Data at any time. Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at
Security Lock Distributors
info@seclock.com
(800) 847-5625
Notice to European Users
This privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Site.
Latest update: November 11, 2020
Exact
Exact match results   Retry without exact match
Can't find what you are looking for?With over 1.7 million SKU's in our database, chances are we have it.Contact Us.