http://www.heavystructures.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
BlueScope Construction, Inc. has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our respect for the privacy of our online visitors. The following discloses the information-gathering and dissemination practices used on this Web site (the "Site") on behalf of BlueScope Construction and other affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as "BSC").
The Information We Collect
Our Site gives you the opportunity to request information from us on a variety of subjects, to provide us with information about any of your current building projects, to identify the type of company for which you work,  and to provide us with any similar information or comments you may have. We also may collect certain nonpersonally identifiable information when you visit our Site, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
How We Use the Information
Currently BSC may use the information you provide about yourself and your company to fulfill your requests for BSC products and services; to respond to your inquiries about our offerings; and to offer you other products, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We sometimes use this information to communicate with you via e-mail. In addition, we may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products and services which may be of interest to you.
We sometimes may use the nonpersonally identifiable information we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage as well as to offer you products, programs, or services. In addition, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to help identify you and gather broad demographic information.
Currently BSC does not share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent and without providing you an opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from such third parties.
In using this Web site and providing information to us, you authorize BSC to use such information internally for our legitimate business purposes, including, without limitation, in connection with any online or offline offerings or any electronic mail offerings by BSC directed to you. In using this Web site and providing information to us, you further authorize us to use your e-mail address in connection with any such offering or campaign.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the Site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and in compliance with applicable laws, BSC (a) cooperates fully with state, local, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any content (including personal or private electronic communications transmitted to BSC on or through the Site) or purported unlawful activities of any user and (b) takes reasonable measures to protect its proprietary rights. For the limited purposes of accomplishing such cooperation and measures and in compliance with applicable laws, BSC may be required to disclose personal information. In addition, BSC may elect to electronically monitor certain areas of the Site and may disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or governmental request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate BSC; or (iii) to protect the right or property of BSC or others.
Our Commitment to Security
We will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information we receive or collect at our Web site.
How to Correct or Update Information
To modify or change the information previously provided, you can send mail to the following postal address:
Attention: Legal DepartmentBlueScope Construction, Inc.PO Box 419917Kansas City, MO 64141
How to Contact Us about the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact our legal department at the following address:
Attention: Legal DepartmentBlueScope Construction, Inc.PO Box 419917Kansas City, MO 64141
Copyright 2020 Heavy Structures
//
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map