http://www.oumchiropractor.com/site/privacy-policy;jsessionid=ABE4EC93D0229AFBE548ECE74F5B4F61-n1.cms
GO
Find us on
Navigate to...
Home
Products
— Professional Liability
— Discounts
— Group Resources
— Cyber Liability
Risk Management
— FAQ
— Discounts
— Forms
— Publications
— Media
— CE
— Resource
About OUM
Partners
Contact
Home
Products
Risk Management
About OUM
Partners
Contact
Back to Top
Login to Your Account
Make a Payment
Need a Policy?
Start Now
Privacy Policy
ProAssurance Corporation and its affiliate companies (collectively,
“ProAssurance” or “we”) have adopted this Privacy Policy effective August 3rd,
2018.
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
ProAssurance recognizes the confidence you place in us when sharing your
personal information, and we respect and will protect your privacy. We are
committed to protecting the security and confidentiality of your nonpublic
personal information by maintaining appropriate safeguards in our data systems
to prevent unauthorized access to your information.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
ProAssurance obtains personal information about its customers, employees and
business associates (including individuals who submit applications for coverage
or employment) in the normal course of conducting its business. This information
may include names, postal and electronic addresses, telephone numbers, Social
Security numbers, medical records, taxpayer identification numbers and
professional licensing numbers. This information may be obtained from
applications and other forms submitted by you, or an agent or broker on your
behalf, from licensing or regulatory entities, from third party organizations
that provide financial and business analytics, from defending claims in which
you are a party or from peer review documents. Additionally, information about
you may also be obtained from your activity on our website.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Our website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to help us keep track
of your visit(s), your activity on our website, and to help improve your user
experience. We do not store any nonpublic personal information on the cookie.
HOW WE USE, SHARE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We restrict access to your personal information to those employees or third
parties who require the information to provide products or services you expect
from the leader in the professional liability, workers’ compensation, and
medical technology and life sciences insurance industries. We will not disclose
your personal information to any non-affiliated third parties without your prior
authorization, except as we deem necessary to conduct our business after
assessing risk and as permitted or required by law. ProAssurance will not
disclose your personal information for promotional purposes, and we will not
sell, trade or rent your information to third parties.
We follow generally accepted industry standards, including encryption and
multifactor authentication, to protect the personal information you submit to
us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission
over the internet is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security. If you have questions about security on our website, you can contact
us.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION
ProAssurance is a U.S.-based company. However, due to the global nature of
our business, we are aware that under the European Union’s General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), citizens of the European Union in the European
Economic Area (EEA) have a number of rights in connection with their personal
data. These rights apply only in certain circumstances and are subject to
certain exceptions. The rights include the following:
Right to Withdraw Consent. You have the right to notify ProAssurance that
you no longer want us to process or use your personal data. You can do that by
contacting ProAssurance via email or the mailing address below.
Right to Data Portability. You have the right to obtain a copy of your
Personal Data stored and processed by ProAssurance and direct ProAssurance to
transfer your personal data to another data controller via an electronically
suitable format.
Right to Erasure/Right to be Forgotten. You have the right to request that
any of your Personal Data being stored or processed by ProAssurance is deleted
from our records. However, while we can delete your Personal Data from our
current records, copies of your data may be stored in ProAssurance’s inactive
and archived records and will be deleted in accordance with our then-current
document management policy. In some cases, your Personal Data may continue to be
stored in archived records of transactions where ProAssurance is required by law
to retain such records.
Right to Restriction of Processing. You may request that ProAssurance
restrict the processing of your Personal Data. In such case, this may affect
your ability to use or navigate our website.
STORING OF CREDIT CARD AND CHECKING ACCOUNT NUMBER(S) FOR ONLINE PAYMENT
OUM Chiropractor Program does not store your credit card number(s). We may
retain and use other nonpublic personal information about you in order to
conduct financial transactions authorized by you. For the purpose of on-line
credit card payments and electronic check payments, nonpublic personal
information may also be stored by Clearwater Payments, LLC, which handles the
processing of all of OUM's on-line credit card payments and electronic check
payments. Both OUM and Clearwater Payments, LLC are responsible for maintaining
physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal
regulations to guard your information. When processing additional on-line credit
card payments, we reveal only partial credit card numbers to prevent the entire
number from being accidentally revealed to unauthorized third parties. However,
the full number is sent to the appropriate processing entity when you approve
payment.
PASSWORD SECURITY
You should take appropriate measures to protect against unauthorized access
to your password and to your computer, including not sharing your password with
others and always logging off when you are done using a shared computer.
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that
reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we
actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract
anyone under 13.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PRIVACY NOTICE
©Podiatry Insurance Company of America 2012 PICA® is a registered trademark
and service mark of Podiatry Insurance Company of America. 3000 Meridian Blvd.,
Ste. 400 Franklin, TN 37067.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Podiatry Insurance Company of America
California ID: 07875
State of Domicile: Illinois
Warning: The elements of this website, including graphics, logos, images,
designs, sounds, information, and documents (the "Materials"), are protected by
copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, unfair competition and other
laws and are owned by Podiatry Insurance Company of America (PICA®) and its
subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates. In no event shall any of the Materials
be copied, reproduced, distributed, displayed, downloaded, stored in a retrieval
system, or transmitted in any form without the prior express written permission
of PICA.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have a question about exercising these rights or a question about our
Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
privacypolicy@proassurance.com
100 Brookwood Place, Suite 300
Birmingham, AL 35209
Back to Top
Login to Your Account
Make a Payment
Need a Policy?
Start Now
About Us
Learn why OUM Chiropractor Program has consistently been the choice for chiropractic malpractice
insurance for over 30 years.
Discover the OUM difference
Risk Management
Get resources for recognizing potential risks and implementing strategies to reduce those risks.
Protect your practice
Claims
Learn more about OUM's claim philosophy and handling.
Report a Claim
Chiropractic Resources
Other helpful resources for today's chiropractors.
Learn more
Get Quote
Make a Payment
Check Your Balance
Coverage Options
Report a Claim
Risk Management Resources
Find us on Facebook
Find us on Twitter
Find us on LinkedIn
Contact
Agent Services
Health Information Privacy Addendum
News and Events
3000 Meridian Blvd., Ste. 400 • Franklin, TN 37067
(800) 423-1504 • Fax (615) 370-9021
© 2014 OUM Chiropractor Program
Legal Notices
•
Privacy Policy
•
Disclaimer