http://www.organicdenmark.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION1. This privacy policy sets out how Organic Denmark uses and protects information that you give when you use this website.2. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected at all times. Any information that you provide will be handled in accordance with this privacy policy.3. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page and so you should check it regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU VISIT OUR WEBSITE4. When you visit our website, we’ll automatically collect certain information about the device you are using to access it. This will include information about the website browser you are using and the IP address of your internet connection. We may also identify your device with a unique, randomly generated, identifier.5. As you browse our website we’ll continue to collect information about the website pages that you look at during your visit, how long you visit them, and what links you click on each page. We may also record what keywords you used to locate our website and what third-party website referred you to our website.6. The information we collect about you is referred to as Device Information. It’s not personally identifiable to you (for example, we don’t collect or associate your name or address with this Device Information) and it’s not stored on our systems for any longer than we need to store it in order to allow you to use our website for the purposes in which it is intended.7. We collect Device Information from you using Cookies. These are small data files that are placed on the browser you use, on your device, to visit the website. Cookies often include an anonymous and unique identifier (so we know it’s your device).8. Certain cookies are placed on our website in order to make it work. Where cookies we place on your computer are:– Not identifiable to you as a living person, and– Only placed in order to fulfil the inherent functions of an websitewe won’t ask for your permission before we place them.9. We may, from time to time, use cookies placed by third party companies to track and monitor you as you visit the website. Sometimes, these third party cookies may include information which might, indirectly, identify you as a living person. Where we do so, we’ll always ask for your consent before we place those cookies.10. We may, from time to time, also collect information about your actions on the website and record those actions in log files. This data will include your IP address and may include the device that you are using, the browser that you are using, your internet service provider and be attached to date and time stamps. We’ll only include this information for as long as necessary.HOW WE USE AND DEVICE INFORMATION11. We use Device Information we collect in order to help us screen for potential risk and fraud, to improve and optimise our website (by generating data about how our customers browse and interact with our website) and to analyse the success of our marketing and other advertising campaigns.12. With your consent, we may, from time to time, provide you with information or advertising relating to the products and services that we provide.SHARING YOUR DEVICE INFORMATION13. We will share device information with third parties in their capacity as a data processor on our behalf. We’ll only share your information with third parties in so far as they assist us with using your information.14. We may also share your device information in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations or to respond to any lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.REMARKETING AND BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING15. We may, from time to time, share your device information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe might be of interest to you. This may include sharing some of your information with third party networks such as Google, Bing or Facebook.DO NOT TRACK16. Our website does not alter it’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.GDPR17. If you are a resident of a country where the European Union’s GDPR is applicable, you have certain rights.18. To exercise your rights to access your data, receive a copy of that data, or to rectify a mistake, please contact us.GENERAL TERMS19. This privacy policy may be updated from time to time, in order to reflect changes to our business practices or for other operational or legal reasons.20. For more information please contact us.
Organics in Denmark
Product Categories
Organic Companies
International Fairs
The Danish Model
News & Press
About Organic Denmark
Contact Our Team
Sign up
twitter
youtube-play
instagram
Organic Denmark is a non-profit organization
Organic Denmark is an association of companies, organic farmers and consumers in Denmark. We are the largest representative of the organic food industry
Sitemap
News & Press
Contact Us
About Us
Organic Denmark is a non-profit organisation
Organic Denmark is an association of companies, organic farmers and consumers in Denmark. We are the largest representative of the organic food industry
Contact Us
Agro Food Park 15
DK- 8200 Aarhus N
CVR 13038139
+45 87 32 27 00
organicdenmark@okologi.dk
© Organic Denmark - Privacy policy