https://www.carvilleplastics.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Home > Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Website terms of Use
If you use this website, you agree to comply with the rules set out below and agree you have read and agree to abide by our Privacy Policy. Please read these Terms carefully before agreeing to them. If you are uncertain as to your rights under them or if you have any queries or comments about them, please contact us at sales@carville.co.uk or by telephone on +44 (0) 1306 881681 , or seek independent legal advice.
These rules will continue in force until such time as they are terminated. Any breach of these Terms shall entitle Us immediately to terminate the service to you without notice, and deny you access to the Site.
No representation or warranty is made as to whether the information available in this Site complies with regulatory regimes outside the UK.
Content / Software
All content, software and source code included or used on this site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, images, and the arrangement and compilation of such content and any databases are the property of Carville Ltd or its suppliers. All such content, software and source code are protected by United Kingdom and international intellectual property laws, including, copyright laws.
Any use of such intellectual property rights, software or source code or any reproduction of the Content is strictly prohibited except where expressly allowed under these Terms.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this Site is not an invitation to invest in shares, or any other products or services or otherwise deal in these or enter into a contract with Carville Ltd or any other company. The information provided should not be relied upon in connection with any investment decision.
We make no express or implied warranty or representation:
• as to the accuracy, completeness, fitness for any particular purpose or currency of the information (including any opinions) accessible via this Site and we request that wherever possible, you verify data which is available on the Site with an independent source;
• that the Content is free from viruses or anything else that has contaminating or destructive properties including where such viruses or other programmes result in loss of or corruption to your data or other property; or
• as to the operation, quality, functionality or accessibility of the Site.
Whilst we will do our best to maintain the operation of the Site in accordance with these Terms, we will not be responsible for the computer equipment and telephone services which you use to access the Site. Please also note that the Site will on occasion be unavailable because of maintenance and repair works which we carry out on the Site.
No other warranties, conditions, undertakings, representations, terms or other liabilities whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise (if any) arising out of or in connection with the use of (or inability to use) the Site or any material on the Site or any action or decision taken as a result of using the Site or any material on it are given.
Carville shall have no liability whatsoever for any death or personal injury arising out of use of the Site unless such death or personal injury arises as a result of the negligence of Carville or its employees.
Subject to the previous paragraph, Carville shall have no liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect, special or consequential losses or damages, howsoever arising (including, but not limited to loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of sale, loss of goodwill, loss of profits or increased costs).
Any claim for loss or damage caused by us which you wish to make must be notified to us as soon as practicable after the loss or damage is discovered.
In the event of any claim against us by a third party resulting from use of the Site by you, you will be responsible for all of our losses, damages and reasonable costs and expenses. In the event of a third party claim against us, you agree that you will:
• give us full authority to conduct the matter, including as to defending or settling the matter; and
• give us all reasonable assistance which we require from you in relation to the matter.
Except as expressly stated, nothing in these Terms will reduce your statutory rights relating to the manner in which we perform this Agreement.
Hyperlinks
Carville may provide hyperlinks to other Internet sites. Carville is not responsible for the availability of such other sites and does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for any content, products or other materials available on such other sites.
Advertisements and Sponsorship
This Site may contain material, including advertising and sponsorship, which originates from third parties. We accept no liability in relation to such materials. We provide such advertising and sponsorship for your convenience only and do not necessarily endorse the content of those advertisements and/or sponsorship. We are not in any way responsible for any transaction conducted between you and any third party who is advertised/provided sponsorship on the Site. Any transactions which you conduct with them is conducted at your own risk.
Acceptable Use
You may only use the Site for lawful purposes. You must not illegally transmit, distribute or store any material or violate any applicable regulation. This includes, without limitation, material which is protected by copyright, trade mark, trade secret or intellectual property right which you use without permission. You may not circumvent or attempt to circumvent Carville’s security systems by ‘cracking’, ‘hacking’ or otherwise.
In the interests of all our users, carville will co-operate with investigations by any law enforcement or relevant authorities of suspected criminal activity or violation of systems or network.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions, together with the Privacy Policy, are subject to English Law and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any matter or dispute arising out of or in connection with your use of this site.
Miscellaneous
We may amend the rules and these Terms at any time by posting the amended rules/Terms on our site. All amended rules/Terms will automatically apply once they are posted on our site. It is your responsibility to make sure that you are aware of any such amendments and you will be deemed to have accepted them if you access the Site after they have been made.
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy.
Contact us
Tel: +44 (0) 1306 881681Email: sales@carville.co.uk
Contact us
Request a Quote
Need a quote? It's simple to request a quote online. Just provide some basic information about your requirements and upload your drawings.
Request Now
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.Continue