http://www.robbidavisagency.com/privacy-policy
Help
HSA Info
Privacy Policy
The Robbi Davis Agency, Inc. Privacy Policy
We value your privacy! We will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal
information. Period! Any information you give to The Robbi Davis
Agency, Inc. at any of our sites (including: www.robbidavisagency.com)
will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways to which
you have not consented. A more detailed explanation about how we
safeguard your personal information is described below. If you have any
questions at all about our privacy policy, please call us.
Statements on this web site as to policies and coverages provide
general information only. This information is not an offer to sell
insurance.  Insurance coverage cannot be bound or changed via submission
of any online form/application provided on this site or otherwise,
e-mail, voice mail or facsimile. No binder, insurance policy, change,
addition, and/or deletion to insurance coverage goes into effect unless
and until confirmed directly by a licensed agent. Any proposal of
insurance we may present to you will be based upon the information you
provide to us via this online form/application and/or in other
communications with us. Please contact our office at 800-954-8100 to
discuss specific coverage details and your insurance needs. All
coverages are subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions of the
actual policy issued. Not all policies or coverages are available in
every state. Information provided on this site does not constitute
professional advice; if you have legal, tax or financial planning
questions, you should contact an appropriate professional. Any hypertext
links to other sites are provided as a convenience only; we have no
control over those sites and do not endorse or guarantee any information
provided by those sites.
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties
The Robbi Davis Agency, Inc. does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including contact forms, download requests or email lists.
Notice of Privacy Practices
We at The Robbi Davis Agency, Inc. value our relationship with our past, present, and future customers and clients. The privacy of your personal non-public information is fundamental to the confidential nature of our relationship. Insurance, along with other financial services, requires the gathering and sharing of some of your personal information with others in order to produce the products and perform the services that you expect from us. Our policies and practices for protecting your personal non-public information are as follows.
What is our policy for disclosure of personal nonpublic information?
The Robbi Davis Agency, Inc. does not disclose any nonpublic personal
information about our customers or former customers except as permitted
by law.
What are our information security practices?
We restrict access to nonpublic information about you to those
employees who need to know that information to provide products or
services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural
safeguards against unauthorized use of your nonpublic personal
information.
Changes In Our Privacy Policy
Our policies and practices may change from time to time. We will
endeavor to keep you notified periodically as to our current policies
and practices. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy
without providing you with advance notice of our intent to make the
changes.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact at 501-954-8100.
Available For Download