http://www.ausa.com/en-us/privacy-policy
Private Area
Pursuant to Act 34/2002, of 11 July, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (LSSICE), users are hereby informed that this domain belongs to:
Holder: AUSA CENTER, S.L.U
Address: C/Castelladral, 1 08243 Manresa (Barcelona)
Email address: rgpd@ausa.com
Contact: Tel.: +34 938 74 73 11 Fax: +34 938 741 211
CIF (Company Tax ID): ESB64041387
Registered at the Barcelona Trade Registry, Volume 45368, Sheet 106 and Page 318215. Entry.38
Personal data, as well as any other information requested by the user or for managing and dealing with enquiries, the blog or information handled on the Website shall be processed at all times subject to the provisions under the applicable data protection law (EU Regulation 2016/679 on data protection) and its implementing legislation, as well as Act 34/2002, of 11 July, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (LSSICE).
Pursuant to the applicable laws on personal data protection, personal data is understood as “any information relating to identified or identifiable natural persons”.
AUSA CENTER, S.L.U (hereinafter, “AUSA CENTER”) meets the requirements stipulated in the applicable laws on personal data protection and its implementing legislation.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide information on the personal data protection policy of the official website, as well as the other accessible sites on networks and the internet (hereinafter, the “Website”) to enable you to freely and voluntarily decide whether to give AUSA CENTER the personal data that we may require or obtain from you when you access and use the Website, as well as any other content therein.
This Privacy Policy shall include, without limitation, the following websites:
www.ausa.com
https://www.facebook.com/AUSAcenter
https://twitter.com/AUSAcenter
https://www.youtube.com/user/ausacenter
https://www.linkedin.com/company/ausa
https://plus.google.com/+AusaCenter/posts
https://www.flickr.com/photos/ausacenter/albums
1.- Information and purpose
The only personal data to which AUSA CENTER shall have access are those provided voluntarily by the User.
Along these lines, the User must be aware that to access some of the services offered through the Website and social networks, he or she shall be asked for his or her personal data and to fill in forms with compulsory fields, whereby the omission of any of these may prevent us from being able to meet your request or limit you from being able to access or use the corresponding services and content, except when the data requested on the form is voluntarily.
Pursuant to the applicable data protection law, you are hereby informed that by accepting this Privacy Policy, the User accepts that his or her personal data shall be stored and processed in one or various files that are owned by and under the responsibility of AUSA CENTER for the purposes of:
Providing you with the services and information requested.
Conducting surveys and processing claims and complaints pursuant to the applicable regulations in force.
Notifying you about the company, industry news and informing you of any information that may be relevant to the products, services, prices and technical terms and conditions through any medium available (internet, telephone, fax, social networks, email, mobile phone, WhatsApp, etc. as well as any other medium).
Controlling and monitoring the products and services you hold.
Managing recruitment in the event you have sent your CV.
Managing the private area.
Similarly, pursuant to the provisions of the data protection law, as well as Act 34/2002, of 11 July, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (hereinafter, “LSSICE”), you are hereby informed that your data may be used to send you marketing and courtesy communications related to our company by telephone, post, fax, email or equivalent electronic means of communication.
Likewise, you are informed that your data shall be transferred when necessary for the development, compliance and control of our relationship with you as regards the service you hold with AUSA CENTER or when authorised by a regulation equivalent to a law and, in particular, in the event of one of the following cases: a) The purpose of the processing or transfer is to satisfy a legitimate interest of the data controller or the transferee covered by said regulation; b) It is necessary to process or transfer the data for the data controller to comply with a duty enforced by said regulation.
2.- Consent
Therefore, by accepting this Privacy Policy, the User accepts to grant his or her express consent to the processing of his or her personal data provided for the aforementioned purposes.
The consent to processing his or her data for the purposes described in the previous section shall be given by checking the corresponding boxes provided for this purpose on our Website.
Similarly, when the User provides his or her personal data using the contact email address that appears on the Website, he or she expressly authorises AUSA CENTER to process his or her personal data in order to be able to attend his or her service requests.
When the User agrees to the processing of his or her data by AUSA CENTER, and to receive marketing communications via the established electronic medium, such agreement may always be revoked without retroactive effect, pursuant to the provisions of the applicable laws.
3.- Data Quality
The User of the Website and the beneficiary of the services provided shall be solely responsible for the truthfulness and accurateness of the data provided, and AUSA CENTER shall act in good faith as a mere service provider.
Therefore, it is important for the data provided to be true, accurate and lawful. AUSA CENTER reserves the right to exclude from the services any users who have provided false data, notwithstanding the right to take legal action, and you hereby undertake to notify any changes to your personal data so that AUSA CENTER can have up-to-date data at all times.
4.- Date storage
AUSA CENTER shall store the personal data provided for the time necessary while the business relationship is maintained or the service is provided, and for commercial or marketing purposes, so long as the User does not state his or her will to oppose, erase or limit such data, if applicable.
In any case, in order to determine the data storage periods, the company shall take into consideration local laws, contractual obligations and the expectations and requirements of our customers. When you exercise your corresponding right of erasure, opposition or limitation, or when we deem that it is no longer necessary to process your data, we will proceed, where possible, to securely erase or destroy your data, unless a legal provision requires them to be stored, in which case we shall notify you and keep said data blocked.
5.- Security and protection
As regards security and protection, you are hereby informed that your data shall be processed using the legally required technical means, security standards and degree of protection to prevent the data that the User provides through the Website from becoming lost, mishandled, altered, accessed without authorisation or stolen, and they shall be processed with due confidentiality and secrecy.
6.- Exercising rights and enquiries
Lastly, you are informed that you may exercise your right of access, rectification, cancellation/erasure, opposition, limitation and portability in the terms stated in the data protection regulation by contacting AUSA CENTER, either by sending a letter to C/Castelladral, 1 08243 Manresa (Barcelona) or an email to rgpd@ausa.com; or at Tel.: 938 74 73 11 Fax: +34 938 741 211 and in the event of any interference when exercising your rights, you may file a claim with the competent authority, the Data Protection Agency.
×
Request your personalised quote
Tell us what model you want and describe everything you need so that we can offer the right option for you.
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Cameroon
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo - Kinshasa
Costa Rica
Côte d’Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malta
Martinique
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Morocco
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Lucia
Suriname
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Send
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
×
Thanks for getting in touch with us!
We will contact you as soon as possible.
×
Oops! It looks like there was an error.
Please check all of the fields.
Our website uses cookies to improve your preferences and optimise your browsing experience. By closing this message or continuing to browse the website, you accept its use of cookies. More information