http://www.leaseurope.org/policy/digitalisation
Skip to main content
Home
Policy
Digitalisation
Richard Knubben
Deputy Director General
+32 2 778 05 68
r.knubben [at] leaseurope.org
Sarah Callaghan
Policy Adviser- Legal Affairs and Real Estate
+32 2 778 05 62
s.callaghan [at] leaseurope.org
Leaseurope monitors numerous initiatives of relevance for our industry, with data sharing and privacy being key topics. When it comes to highly technical areas, we call on the assistance of various experts in the field. For example, our AI Task Force leads the work on evaluating the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning within the industry.
Leaseurope focuses its work on areas where new policy developments are likely to have the largest impact on our members.
Data protection
Monitor the European Data Protection Board (EDPB) interpretation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and e-Privacy Directive, assessing the impact of these measures on our sector and highlighting specific operational challenges they may create. See our dedicated webpage on data protection.
Platforms & intermediaries
Assess new rules on digital platforms, including intermediaries such as car rental brokers, within the Digital Services Act and ensure the concerns of the leasing and automotive rental industries are taken into account.
Artificial intelligence
Utilise our AI Taskforce to analyse general developments in the application of artificial intelligence, including automated decision making, machine learning, and advanced data analytics, as well as the specific potential impact of the European Commission’s  White Paper on AI.
Payment services
Engage with members on how their business practices may be impacted by the revised Payment Services Directive (PSD2), including strong customer authentication (SCA) requirements.
Share on Facebook
Share on linkedIn
Share on Twitter
Copy link
Related info
Policy
Leaseurope is active in advocating for the leasing & automotive rental industry in a wide range of issues
Read more
Innovating tomorrow, today
Leaseurope brings the leasing and automotive sector together to discuss and collaborate on the future innovations that will shape our industries
Read more
Data & research
Leaseurope is the primary source of information on the European leasing and automotive rental markets.
Read more