https://www.sivantos.com/cookie-policy/en
Cookie Policy
Our Web Sites or any of our Applications use Cookies to ensure that we provide those individuals that visit or use our web sites (including mobile websites) (collectively ‘Web Sites’) and/or Applications with the best possible experience. Cookies can help us in many ways for example, by allowing us to tailor our Web Site or Applications to better match your interests, by providing personalized information, remembering marketing, sales, product, services, and other specific Sivantos-related preferences, and helping obtain the right information or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. Information about Sivantos Cookies and similar technologies, how we use them, and how to control them can be found below.
How we use Cookies
This Policy describes how Sivantos uses Cookies or similar technologies (such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript). We refer to these Cookies and similar technologies simply as “Cookies” throughout this Policy. We also describe what options you may have regarding these Cookies. This Policy covers Sivantos’ use of Cookies that may be used in connection with our Web Sites and/or Applications owned and controlled by Sivantos Group companies.
In some cases, we may use Cookies to collect information that is defined as Personal Data, or that can become Personal Data if we combine it with other information. In such cases, the Sivantos Privacy Policy https://www.sivantos.com/privacy-policy/en will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files, usually consisting of letters and numbers, placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device, when you use that device to visit or use our Web Sites or Applications. Cookies are widely used to work more efficiently, and provide analytic information.
These are the different types of Cookies we may use on our Web Sites and/or Applications:
Strictly necessary Cookies. These Cookies are required for the operation of our Web Sites and Applications (for example, to enable you to log into secure areas). These Cookies enable you to move around the Web Sites and Applications and use their features. Disabling these Cookies will encumber the Web Sites and Applications performance and may make the features and service unavailable.
Analytical and performance Cookies. These Cookies allow us to analyze activities on our Web Sites and Applications and on other sites where we post content to improve and optimize the way our Web Sites and Applications work. For example, we may use these types of Cookies to ensure that visitors can easily find the information they are looking for on our websites. One way we do this is to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how they move around our website when they are using it. Analytics cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve and to optimize our Web Sites and Applications content for those who engage with our advertising.
Functionality Cookies. These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Web Sites and Applications. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Advertising Cookies. These Cookies record your online activities, including your visits to our Web Sites and Applications, the pages you have visited, and the links and advertisements you have clicked on. One purpose of this is to help make the content displayed on our Web Sites and Applications more relevant to you.
For what purpose does Sivantos use Cookies?
We may use Cookies for a variety of purposes, including to:
Help us obtain information about your visits to the Web Sites and/or Applications;
Process your orders;
Analyze your visiting patterns to improve our Web Sites and/or Applications;
Deliver advertising, communications, social features, and content from us and third parties, on our Web Sites, specific to your interests;
Remember your language and other preferences;
Help you obtain information you are looking for;
Provide a safe and secure service for online transactions;
Measure how many people use our Web Sites and/or Applications, and how they use them, to keep our Web Sites and/or Applications running efficiently and to better understand our Web Sites and/or Applications audiences.
How long do Cookies stay on your devices?
“Session” Cookies operate from the time you visit a Sivantos Web Site and Application and expire and are automatically deleted when you close your internet browser.
“Persistent” Cookies will stay on your device between sessions. We use persistent Cookies for a variety of purposes, such as to store your preferences so that they are available for the next visit, and to keep a more accurate account of how often you visit our Sites, how your use of the Sites may vary over time, and the effectiveness of advertising efforts.
Who puts the Cookies on devices?
Cookies may be placed on your device by Sivantos Group (“first party”) as the Web Sites and Applications owner. Some Cookies may be placed on your device by a party other than Sivantos (“third party”).
Through Cookies, aggregate and other information not considered to be Personal Data (such as your operating system, browser version, and the URL you came from, including from emails and advertisements) may be obtained and used to enhance your experience and understand traffic patterns. This technology counts the number of users who visit a service from specific banner advertisements outside the Web Sites and Applications or who clicked on links or graphics included in email newsletters received from Sivantos. It is also used as a tool to compile aggregated statistics about how our Web Sites and Applications are used, to perform and analytics and help us to optimize our Web Sites and Applications and to help serve you advertising based on your interests, as described in further detail below.
How we use Online and Mobile Advertising?
We engage in interest-based advertising to deliver advertisements and personalized content that we believe will be of interest to you on our Web Sites. To the extent third party vendors are using Cookies to perform these services for Sivantos and Sivantos does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
How do you Manage Cookies?
Visitors to our Web Sites and users of our Applications are asked if they want Cookies placed on their browsers and/or device. By continuing to browse our Web Sites or by clicking “Accept All Cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. Sivantos complies with all global regulations related to the use of Cookies. If you choose not to have Cookies placed on your device, Sivantos will comply with your opt-out and no Cookies that we personally control will be placed on your device. If you do not wish to receive Cookies at all, please configure your Internet browser to erase all Cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all Cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In countries where an explicit opt in is not required, we offer you the opportunity to opt out at any time; otherwise, we will place Cookies on your device for the purposes stated above.
Compliance with Cookie Laws and Regulations
We take the privacy of our employees, customers, prospects, suppliers, partners, and any other visitor to our Web Sites and users of our Applications very seriously and have put in place the necessary policies, procedures and processes to ensure we meet our legal obligations and protect the privacy of all data subjects.
Data Privacy and Questions regarding this policy
Sivantos is committed to privacy. For more information about Sivantos` approach to privacy see our Privacy Policy https://www.sivantos.com/privacy-policy/en.
If you have any questions about how we use Cookies, you can contact us at apps@sivantos.com or dpo@sivantos.com.
We may change this Policy at any time. Any changes to this Notice will become effective when we make the revised Policy available on or through the Web Sites and Applications.
In the event of any inconsistency between the English and non-English version of this Cookie Policy (where translated for local requirements), the English version of this Cookie Policy shall govern, to the extent permitted by applicable laws.
Cookie Information
Sivantos may use cookies to remember your log-in details, collect statistics to optimize web site functionality, and deliver marketing on our Web Sites based on your interests. By continuing to browse our Web Sites or by clicking
the “ok” button below, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. For more information on this please see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
OK