http://www.ambu.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Ambu is committed to protecting your personal data and privacy. We are committed to complying with all applicable personal data protection laws. This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which information about individual persons may be collected, used, disclosed, transferred and stored by Ambu.
Ambu may at any time change, modify, or otherwise update this Privacy Statement without prior notification. The latest applicable version can be accessed at all times
1. Data controller
Ambu A/S is the data controller of your personal data.
The Corporate Legal Department holds Ambu’s data protection compliance program. You may contact the compliance officer at the following address: dataprotection@ambu.com
2. Personal data collected
You will always be informed when we collect personal data about you. Ambu may collect personal data, for instance, your name, e-mail address, city and country of residence, personal identification number, your Health Care Professional (“HCP”) ID number (or similar), IP address and product interests. In connection with the submission of your data it will always be stated whether the submission is voluntary or necessary for completing the desired action.
Your personal data is collected in one or several of below cases:
When you use our website Ambu.com or local Ambu websites
When you sign up for our newsletter
When we have direct interaction with you (meetings of phone calls)
When you purchase one of our products
When you exchange e-mails with us, use our online forms and services or engage with us on social media and other platforms
If you use your email address in more than one of the above cases, your personal data will only be collected and registered in one place. This way your information is already stored, and you should not receive the same marketing material from Ambu more than once.
3. Use of your personal data
Ambu process your personal data in order to:
Enable contact with regards to collaborations
Statistics
Register sign-ups for newsletter
Send out marketing material
Other marketing initiatives
Store your personal preferences
Send you service communications through email or text messages
In order to comply with quality and safety requirements
To maintain and improve our offers
Handle information about job applicants and job applications
Cookie information is processed to provide the best experience on our website, and further described below
Please note, that we will only use your personal data to send marketing material if you have given your explicit consent, unless legislation allows us to contact you without your prior consent.
Ambu keeps statistics about which areas of the site our users visit, and which products the users prefer. We use data about how our users navigate, and from that we try to improve the website. Your IP-adres will be registered in this process. We are however not able to see where you come from or where you are going on the internet after you leave our site. We do not sell or otherwise disclose information about how our user navigate and use our website. We do not sell or disclose information about your purchase history to third party.
4. Who Ambu might share your personal data with
In order to provide you with the best possible service your personal data will be shared between the group entities as listed below to the extent necessary to enable effective and personalized support, assistance, sale and contact for marketing purposes.
Ambu A/S and affiliates: Ambu A/S, Ambu branches in Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Finland, and Ambu group companies and subsidiaries: Invendo Medical GmbH (Germany), Ambu LLC (Russia), Ambu Australia Pty.Ltd., Ambu Ltd. (UK), Ambu Sarl (France), Ambu B.V. (Holland), Ambu India Private Limited, ETView Ltd. (Israel), Ambu s.r.l. (Italy), Ambu KK (Japan), Ambu Ltd. (China), Ambu (Xiamen) Trading Co. Ltd. (China), Ambu Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia), Firma Ambu S.L. (Spain), Ambu GmbH. (Germany), Ambu Inc. (USA), King Systems Corp. (USA)
Your personal data is disclosed to partners of Ambu who deliver services on behalf of Ambu (data processors), for example in relation to send-outs of newsletters, invitations to events, product information. These partners only process the personal data on behalf of Ambu and in accordance with the instructions of Ambu.
Some data relating to your purchase of a product, including your contact information and which products you have purchased or shown interest in will be shared with your local distributor. See list of Ambu distributors
In the case of a re-organization, full or partial sale of the Ambu, any disclosure in such connection will be in accordance with current legislation for the processing of personal data.
Your personal data will apart from the above mentioned situations not be sold, shared or otherwise distributed to third parties without your consent, except where Ambu is required to do so because of an applicable law, court order or governmental regulation, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in support of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding here or abroad.
5. Transfer to third countries
Your personal data will be transferred to third countries, including USA. Ambu has entered into EU standard contractual clauses in order to ensure that sufficient safeguards with respect to the protection of the privacy and fundamental rights and freedoms are applied. For more information, please contact Ambu.
6. Deletion of your personal data
Ambu will delete your personal data when we no longer need to process them in relation to one or more of the purposes set out above in section 3. However, the data may be processed and stored for a longer period in anonymized form. For example, when our personal data is used to provide you with products or services, we will keep your data for a period of 5 years (in Denmark) after your last purchase, unless applicable law requires us to delete it earlier or store it for a longer period of time. If your personal data is used to send you newsletters or other materials on the basis of your consent, we will delete your data at the time you withdraw your consent.
7. Security
We have implemented security measures to ensure that our internal procedures meet our high security policy standards. This website has security measures in place to prevent loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control. Accordingly, we strive to protect the quality and integrity of your personal data. The network is operated and maintained by Ambu outsourcing partner according to their quality procedures. Monthly reports are reviewed for status and yearly audits and penetration tests are carried out by an external auditor. Any patient information will be processed only in a pseudonymized form, with strict access controls. In addition, policies on data breach have been implemented.
8. Cookies
Ambu uses cookies. You can read more about the use of cookies in our Cookie Policy.
9. Links to other websites etc.
Ambu’s website may contain links to other websites or to integrated sites. We are not responsible for the contents of the websites of other companies or for the practices of such companies regarding the collection of personal data. When you visit other websites, you should read the owners' policies on the protection of personal data and other relevant policies. On some Ambu websites you will find forums, message boards, news groups etc. The information you may disclose in these areas becomes public, and you should always exercise caution when disclosing personal information.
10. Your rights
You are at any time entitled to be informed of the personal data about you that we process, but with certain legislative exceptions. You are entitled to get access to the data we are processing about you,  and you are entitled to  have your personal data rectified if inaccurate, erased in certain situations, or to have the processing of your data restricted so we may only use within specific restrictions.  If Ambu is processing your personal data on the basis of your explicit consent, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. You are entitled to object to our processing of your personal data, or to in certain situations entitled to receive your data in a structured and commonly used digital format and have it transferred to a third party on your request.
If you want us to update, amend or delete the personal data that we have recorded about you, wish to get access to the data being processed about you, or if you have any questions concerning the above guidelines, or if you wish to appeal against the processing of your personal data you may contact us by using e-mail: dataprotection@ambu.com
Further, you always have the right to lodge a complaint to the Danish Data Protection Agency (Datatilsynet), Borgergade 28, 5., DK-1300 Copenhagen K or similar EU data protection authority within your country/jurisdiction: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-protection-eu_en#dataprotectionauthorities
close
Add more requests
Request Quote
close
search
close
search
0 Results
keyboard_arrow_up
close
Welcome to Ambu
Please select the website you want to visit:
ambuusa.com
ambu.com
×
Find your local Ambu website
Corporate Website
ambu.com
Europe
United Kingdom
Germany
France
Spain
Italy
Americas and Asia Pacific
United States
Canada
Brasil
Australia
Japan
China
Looking for a local Ambu representative?
Go to our local distributors page on ambu.com