https://www.vsmabrasives.com/de-en/privacy-policy.html
GLOBAL
ENDE
+49 511 3526 478E-Mailinfo@vsmabrasives.com
Company
About VSMManagementHistoryInvestor RelationsVSM Worldwide
Solutions
Product RangeApplicationsOptimized Grinding Processes
Competences
Application CompetenceGrain TechnologyProduct QualityTrainings
Service
PressFairsDownloads
Career
Contact
ENDE
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains to users of our offer the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data by us. "Personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. Collection, processing and use of personal data takes place only if you have consented thereto or a law permits. We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure data protection and data security and to collect as few personal data as possible.
This privacy policy can be accessed, saved and printed at any time at URL http://www.vsmabrasives.com/de-en/privacy-policy/
We emphasise that the transfer of data on the internet (e.g. e-mail communication) can never be totally secure. Preventing access by third parties to data cannot be totally guaranteed.
Name and Address of the Controller for the Data Processing The Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in European Union Member States and other data protection-related provisions is: VSM ∑ Vereinigte Schmirgel- und Maschinen-Fabriken AG Siegmundstrasse 17 30165 Hannover Tel. +49 (0) 511 3526 0 Fax. +49 (0) 511 3521 315 info@vsmabrasives.com www.vsmabrasives.com Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer The Data Protection Officer of the Controller of the data processing is: Thomas Spaeing ds≤ Unternehmensberatung GmbH & Co. KG Berliner Straﬂe 1 49201 DissenTel. +49 (0) 5421 30 89 518 datenschutzbeauftragter@vsmabrasives.com For any questions and suggestions regarding data protection, any Data Subject can get in contact with our Data Protection Officer directly. Collection, processing and use of personal dataServer log filesYou can visit our website without needing to give any personal information. Every time you access our website, usage data is transmitted through your internet browser and stored in log data (server log files). This saved data includes IP address, date and time of download, name and URL of the downloaded file, web page from which the access takes place (referrer URL), browser information, operating system of the visiting computer, data volume transferred and the requesting provider. This data is used to ensure a smooth connection to the website, a convenient use of our website and for statistical, internal purposes.†Data collection for contract performance Further personal data are only recorded if the user agrees in accordance with the legal regulations for this data collection or if a legally-regulated permission allows this.†We use this personal data to answer enquiries from the user, to process contracts concluded with the user, and for any technical administration. Only those personal data are used whose processing is not legally excluded, unless there is an exception.Contact form If you have any questions of any kind, you can contact us by using a form provided on the website for this purpose. It is necessary to provide a valid e-mail address so that we know from whom the request originates and in order to be able to respond to it. Further information can be provided voluntarily. The data processing for the purpose of contacting us is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 item a of the GDPR based on your voluntarily consent given. The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted after conclusion of the enquiry made by you.Careers / Job OpportunitiesIn our careers section you can use our online form to apply for advertised positions or make a speculative application. In this case, it is necessary for you to provide personal information so that we can fully evaluate and assess your application and contact you during the application process. Here, the information is entered either voluntarily or, where indicated with an asterisk (*), as required information. The required information is essential for the purpose of processing the application. The data is processed exclusively for the purpose of processing the application in line with GDPR art. 6(1)(1)(a) based on your freely given consent or for making a decision to establish an employment relationship in accordance with the German Data Protection Act (BDSG) ß 26 paragraph 1 sentence 1. The personal data that we collect from the completed form as well as the other transmitted files will be stored for 6 months after completion of the application process (rejection or employment) and then deleted. Transfer of data Transfer of your personal data to third parties for purposes other than those listed below will not take place. We only share your personal information with third parties if:you have expressly consented, according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 item a of the GDPR to disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 item f of the GDPR of that which is required in order to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a predominantly legitimate interest in not disclosing your data,in the event that disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 item c of the GDPR is a legal obligation, andthis is legally permissible and is required, in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 item b of the GDPR, for the fulfilment of contractual relationships with you.Rights of the data subjectYou have the right:in accordance with Art. 15 of the GDPR, to request information about the nature and extent of the personal data collected by us, in particular its processing, planned storage duration, retention and its transfer;in accordance with Art. 16 of the GDPR, to demand the immediate correction of incorrect personal data or completion of personal data stored by us;in accordance with Art. 17 of the GDPR, to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, except where the processing is required for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfilment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims; or alternatively, in accordance with Art. 18 of the GDPR, to demand a restriction of the processing of the data;in accordance with Art. 20 of the GDPR, to receive the personal data and to request its transfer to another data controller.in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 of the GDPR, to revoke at any time the consent you have given us. As a result, we are not allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent in the future, andin accordance with Art. 77 of the GDPR, to complain to a supervisory authority. As a general rule, you can contact the supervisory authority for this.Right of objection If your personal data are processed on the basis of legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 item f of the GDPR, you have the right in accordance with Art. 21 of the GDPR to file an objection against the processing of your personal data provided that there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which will be implemented by us without having to specify any particular situation. If you would like to exercise your right of revocation or objection, please send an e-mail to info@vsmabrasives.comData security
We secure our website and other systems by means of technical and organisational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or dissemination of your data by unauthorised persons. Despite regular checks, complete protection against all risks is not possible.
The site uses industry standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption in several areas. This ensures the confidentiality of your personal information over the internet. If a single page of our website is encrypted, this will be indicated by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
CookiesOur website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored by the Internet browser on the end device (computer, tablet, smart phone, etc.) of the user. These are saved when the website is accessed. It receives information about the visit to the website and regularly accesses this information when the website is revisited. The use of cookies enables us and you to optimise our online offer. In addition, we use cookies to analyse the surfing behaviour of our site visitors as well as to enable targeted, interest-based advertising. Some features of our website cannot be provided without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognised even after a page transition.
Processing is based on Art. 6 (1) item a of the GDPR from the legitimate interest in the above-mentioned purposes. However, this does not mean that we will receive any direct knowledge of your identity as the data will not be stored with any of your specific personal data.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or that a notice always appears before a new cookie is created. However, disabling cookies completely may mean that you cannot use all the features of our website.Tracking ToolsThe tracking measures listed below and used by us are based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 item f of the GDPR. With the tracking measures to be used, we want to ensure a needs-based design and the ongoing optimisation of our website. We also use the tracking measures to statistically record the use of our website and evaluate this for the purpose of optimising our offer for you. These interests are deemed to be justified within the meaning of the aforementioned provision. The respective data processing purposes and data categories can be found in the corresponding tracking tools.Google AnalyticsOn our website, we use the Google Analytics service of the third-party vendor Google (hereinafter referred to as "Google"): Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of Use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, Overview of Data Protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, and Data Protection Statement: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
In this context, pseudonymised user profiles are created and cookies are used. The information generated by the cookie concerning your use of this website, such asbrowser type / version,operating system,referrer URL (the page previously visited),host name of the accessing computer (IP address),time of server request,is transmitted to and stored for an indefinite period by Google on a server in the USA. The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website use and internet usage for the purposes of market research and needs-based website design. This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data for us. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting the browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case not all features of this website may be able to be used in full.
You can also prevent Google from collecting and processing the data generated by the cookie relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB)
The data subject has the right to revoke their consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the time of withdrawal of consent. The data subject will be informed of this before giving their consent. The process to revoke consent must be as simple as the process to grant consent.
We point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "anonymizeIp" in order to ensure an anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). This means that an assignment of the IP address is not possible. Under no circumstances will your IP address be linked with any other data processed by Google.
Alternatively, you can click on the following link to prevent the processing of data by Google: Click here to be excluded from the Google Analytics evaluation process. Google is certified for the EU-US Privacy Shield data protection framework.For more information, please refer to the Google terms of use, and its general terms and conditions, in particular at https://www.google.de/intl/us/policies/privacy/.Google Maps
We use the Google Maps service on this website. This allows us to display interactive maps to you directly on the website and to allow you to conveniently use this map service.
By visiting the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed on the corresponding subpage of our website. This is done regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to, or if there is no user account. When you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or customised website design. Such evaluation is carried out particularly (even for users who are not logged in) in order to provide appropriate advertising and to inform other users of the social network about their activities on our website. You have a right of objection to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact Google in order to exercise this right.
For more information on the purpose and scope of the data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider, please refer to the provider's data protection statement. There you will also find further information about your rights and settings options for the protection of your data privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/us/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the United States and has subscribed to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-USFramework.
Social media servicesXingOn our website we use components of the XING network of Xing AG (hereinafter referred to as "Xing"), Dammtorstr. 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. This may include content such as images, videos, or text and function buttons that users use to notify their ëlikeí in regard to content to content creators, or subscribe to our posts. If the users are members of the Xing platform, Xing can assign the aforementioned contents and functions to the profiles of the users there.
If you wish to prevent Xing from transferring and storing data about you and your activity on our website, you must log out of Xing before you visit our site.†For more information, please refer to the Xing terms of use, and its general terms and conditions, in particular at†https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection.YouTube
We have included YouTube videos in our online offering, which are stored on http://www.YouTube.com and are directly playable from our website. These are all integrated in the "enhanced privacy mode", which means that if you do not play the video, no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube. Personal data is only transmitted when you play the videos.†We have no influence on this data transfer.
When you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or customised website design. Such evaluation is carried out particularly (even for users who are not logged in) in order to provide appropriate advertising and to inform other users of the social network about their activities on our website. You have a right of objection to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact Google in order to exercise this right.
For more information on the purpose and scope of the data collection and its processing by YouTube, please refer to the data protection statement. There you will also find further information about your rights and settings options for the protection of your data privacy: https://www.google.de/intl/us/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has subscribed to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
WORLDWIDE
Do you have questions?We will gladly help you!
+49 511 3526 478
info@vsmabrasives.com
I agree to the use of cookies by VSM for analytics purposes.For more detailed information, please refer to our Privacy Policy. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies.
OK