https://www.clovercool.com/privacy/
Home
About Us
Owner’s Corner
Service Areas
Submit Feedback
Testimonials
Events
Newsletter
Contact Us
Heating
Cold Climate Heat Pumps
Boilers
Furnaces
Heating Tune Up
Air Conditioning
AC Installation
AC Repairs
Mini-Duct Systems
Ductless Systems
Indoor Air
NY Air Cleaners
Dehumidifiers
Humidifiers
Carbon Monoxide Testing
Home Performance
iWave Air Cleaner
Virus Free Indoor Air Quality System
Plumbing
Residential Plumbing Repairs
Water Heater Repairs
Tankless Water Heaters
Leak Repair
Frozen Pipes Repair
Our Products
Air Conditioners
Insulation
Heating Products
Air Cleaners
Humidifers
Thermostats
Commercial Energy Management
Ventiation
Dehumidifiers
Zoning Systems
Geo-Thermal Systems
Energy Star
Ground Water Control
Central Air Purifier
Generators
Service Club
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For Clover Comfort
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
If you would like more information on Clover Comfort’s Privacy Policy, please call 914-631-6744 or fill out our online request form.
Share Our Services
Fill out my online form.
Sally and I thought that you should have feedback from us in the form of a testimonial after we weathered the recent huge storm that knocked[...] Read MoreWe saved big on oil bills this winter due to the insulation project in our attic and crawl space—the ROI will be even quicker than we orig[...] Read MoreThe job is really coming together and as you promised, we're feeling the difference immediately. I spoke with a friend to get a refresher on[...] Read MoreI cannot say enough about Clover Comfort and the entire team who worked on out house. Their professionalism, knowledge, and flexibility made[...] Read More
Company
©2020 CLOVER
COMFORT, All Rights Reserved
CLOVER
COMFORT
225 North BroadwaySleepy Hollow, NY 10591 Phone: 914-631-6744 Fax: 914-631-3619
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
Quick Links
Google Places
Write Review
Articles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Service Areas
Bronx, NY
| Manhattan, NY
| Rockland County, NY
| Lower Westchester, NY
| Eastchester, NY
| White Plains, NY
| Rye, NY
| Harrison, NY
| Tuckahoe, NY
| Ardsley, NY
And more
HVAC Websites by