https://www.cbankandtrust.com/privacy-policy/
479.474.1201
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Resources
Privacy Policy
FAQ
Careers
Privacy Policy
View Printable Version
What does Citizens Bank & Trust Company do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The type of personal information we collect and share depends on the product or service youhave with us.  This information includes:
Social Security Number and Account Transactions
Account Balances and Payment History
Income and Credit History
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in thisnotice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customer’s personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customer’s personal information; the reasons Citizens Bank & Trust Company chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Citizens Bank & Trust Company share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes —
to offer our products and services to you.
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
to offer our products and services to you.
NO
We Don’t Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
information about your transaction and experiences
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
information about your creditworthiness
NO
We Don’t Share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
to offer our products and services to you.
NO
We Don’t Share
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
Citizens Bank & Trust Company
What we do
How does Citizens Bank & Trust Company protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Citizens Bank & Trust Company collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or apply for a loan
Make a wire transfer or give us your contact information
Provide account information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness.
Affiliates from using your information to market to you.
Sharing nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies:
First Bank Corp. (Financial Holding Company) owns a controlling interest in the financial companies: The First National Bank of Fort Smith; Citizens Bank and Trust Company;Brown Hiller Clark Insurance Company of Arkansas; and Brown Hiller Clark Insurance Company of Oklahoma. First Bank Corp also owns controlling interest in the nonfinancial company, Realty Appraisals, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies:
Citizens Bank and Trust Company does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Citizens Bank & Trust Company does not Jointy Market
Login
X
Mortgage rates at all time low.
Contact our Mortgage Dept 479-410-5211.