http://www.grander.com.au/terms-conditions/
Home / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Grander Water Technologies (Australia) Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 91 077 684 989, Po Box 2294, Burleigh BC, QLD 4220 is referred in these terms and conditions as “GWT”, "we", "us" and "our".  Reference to "you" and "your" mean the user of this website, GWT's customer and/or purchaser of goods.
The trade marks and logos displayed on this site are trade marks of GWT and the Grander company in Austria (except where indicated)).  Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any licence or right to use any trade mark or logo displayed on this site without the written permission of GWT.
Assume that everything that you read on this website is protected by copyright unless otherwise stated.  You may only use material on this website for personal, non-commercial use.  You do not have permission to copy, reproduce, republish, up-load, post, communicate, transmit or distribute in any way any of the contents of this website for public or commercial purposes.
By using this website you agree to accept the laws in force in Queensland as governing body between GWT and yourself.  You also irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland or any other court having jurisdiction in Australia as may be nominated by GWT.  This site provides information from Grander Europe and has permission to utilise this information.  As such, information may only pertain to the conditions of Europe and may not be replicated exactly.  By accessing this website you acknowledge this information throughout Australia and overseas.  GWT makes no representation that the content of this site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia.
The Conditions of this website are subject to change from time to time and you will be subject to the Conditions in force at the time that you use the website.  We may change the prices and availability of goods without notice to ensure they are as up to date as possible.
If you find a mistake on our website please report it immediately as we do seek to make sure all the information on the website is accurate.  Please keep your computer’s virus protection software as we can’t guarantee that the website will be free from viruses.
We may suspend or terminate access to the website without notice.
GWT reserves the right to end promotions before the advertised closing date at any time.
Purchasing from the Website
You acknowledge and warrant to GWT that:
you are an Australian resident currently residing in Australia aged 18 years or over;
you will be liable for all costs, fees, charges and other amounts which may become payable to GWT as a result of your use of this website;
you are not breaching any requirement of any applicable law relating to the privacy of personal information by providing the information to GWT; and
all information (including credit card details) you provide to GWT is true and complete and is owned by you.
Your telephone order or on-line purchase order (as applicable) is an offer to buy from GWT.  All Australian orders should include a daytime delivery address and contact details including phone numbers and email address.  GWT reserves the right not to accept an order at its sole discretion.
By providing your details, you consent to receiving related communications from us, including confirmation that the order has been received by GWT.  Confirmation of the order does not constitute acceptance of your order.  GWT reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason (including stock unavailability), regardless of whether your order has been confirmed or your credit or debit card has been charged or paypal has cleared.  If your order is declined or cancelled by GWT after the payment for the purchase, GWT will promptly refund your payment to the credit or debit card or method you originally used for the purchase only.
Payment for the goods which you order must be made either by credit or debit card issued by Mastercard or Visa, or Paypal owned by you.  Your credit or debit card, or Paypal will be charged at the time of GWT receiving your order and prior to the time that the goods are dispatched and received by you.  GWT will provide you with an invoice via email as confirmation of the order.  If your payment is rejected by the card issuer your order will not be dispatched.  Payment is made at your own risk.
If you pre-order for the goods, order goods which are currently out of stock, GWT and its payment partners will authorise or reserve a charge on your credit or debit card, or Paypal for any amount up to the full value of the goods at any time between the order being placed and the goods being delivered.  If the authorisation has expired or for any reason has failed, GWT reserves the right to re-authorise up to the full amount, either before or after dispatch of the goods.  In which case, GWT will notify you via the email address provided.  If GWT does not receive re-authorisation from your credit or debit card issuer, or Paypal, then GWT will contact you so that you can provide another payment method.  If in the unlikely event that the price increases from when it was originally ordered, GWT will contact you 7 days before requesting re-authorisation from your credit or debit card issuer, or Paypal.
The price of the goods (including for parts and accessories) (inclusive of GST), the applicable delivery costs and availability of the goods displayed on this website are subject to change without notice. The title to goods will only pass following payment in full.
Delivery dates of the goods are intended to be an estimate only and GWT is in no way responsible for delivery delays or missing items.
Orders will only be accepted from and dispatched to street addresses in Australia.
Orders will be delivered by post and we aim to have the goods delivered to you within 5-7 days of the acceptance of your order, subject to availability of stock.  Delivery of the products may be totally or partially suspended by GWT during any period in which GWT may be prevented or hindered from delivery by its normal means of delivery or supply through any circumstances outside its reasonable control, including but not limited to strikes, lockouts, unavailability of stock, accidents or breakdowns of plant or machinery and national and global pandemics.  GWT will not be liable for any damages not reasonably foreseeable arising from its failure to deliver any or all of the products.
Any failed delivery attempt due to incorrect details provided by you must be paid for by you.  Subsequent delivery attempts may incur additional delivery charges.
Any missing parcels / items are not lawfully the responsibility of GWT including but not limited to parcels missing or stolen from the delivery address after delivery.  You will need to contact your own insurance company.  Parcels missing in transit are the responsibility of the courier or contract company we will provide all tracking information.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, GWT (including its employees, officers, agents and contractors) makes no representations about the materials contained on this website or any websites linked to this website.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, GWT (including its employees, officers, agents and contractors):
is not liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damage, however caused (including negligence), which may suffered be directly or indirectly, in connection with use of this website including but not limited to interference with or damage to your computer systems; and
excludes liability (whether that liability arises under contract, tort (including negligence) or statute) for any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage (including without limitation loss of revenue and loss of, or damage to, data) suffered or incurred in connection with this website.
The Australian Consumer Law provides for statutory guarantees that cannot be excluded by law.  The limitations outlined in clause 11, and anywhere else in those document, will not operate to the extent they are inconsistent with those statutory guarantees.
Any information that you disclose on this site may be used by GWT, its agents and contractors in relation to the provision of products.  GWT will comply with its privacy statement in relation to any personal information you provide to GWT.
GWT may vary these terms and conditions at any time.  Any variations become effective on posting.  By making a purchase through this site after the terms and conditions have been varied, you agree to be bound by the variation.
You may cancel your order at any time up to 14 days after receiving the goods by notifying us in writing either by:
post to:
Grander Water Technologies (Australia) Pty Ltd
or via our contact form on this website
You must return the goods, unused and sealed in their original packaging to: Grander Water Technologies (Australia) Pty Ltd Po Box 2294, Burleigh BC, QLD 4220.  Please contact us via phone on 1800 675 771 or email prior to return.  The cost of returning the product will be covered by you and any monies refunded will not include the cost of the original postage to you.  Goods must be returned via Australia Post express post, unless otherwise agreed.  Note that if you fail to take reasonable care of the goods we might not be able to accept their return.  Otherwise, we will refund the full purchase price of the product only less the cost of freight to you.
If your goods are being returned for a defect, please contact us prior to return.
Privacy Statement (Warranty Forms)
Grander Water Technologies (Australia) Pty Ltd (GWT) may collect and use your personal information to provide you updates on latest products and services, to analyze and research on customer’s choice on products, to provide products and services you have requested and for other purposes relating or incidental to warranty (e.g. warranty registration, product recalls) (“the Purposes”).
If you activate a warranty GWT may disclose your personal information to its related bodies, business partners or third parties, some of the recipients are located overseas, including Europe.  If GWT does not collect your personal information, then it may not be able to fulfil the Purposes especially when under warranty conditions.
Our privacy policy contains information about how you may access and correct your personal information held by GWT, and the privacy complaints handling process of GWT.
You may contact GWT via our contact form on this website.
If you wish to receive information and updates about GWT's products and services GWT will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the Australian Privacy Principles.
Note: If you do not provide consent, then GWT may not be able to fulfill the Purposes and please email or contact us.GRANDERWhat is GRANDER®?
The GRANDER® Effect
About GRANDER®
Water Research
ApplicationPersonal & Home
Pools
Commercial
MEDIAVideos
Brochures
CONTACTGrander Water Technologies
(Australia) Pty Ltd
2-6 Breakwater RoadRobina QLD 4226
(07) 5568 7522© 2007-2020 Grander Water Technologies (Australia) Pty LtdPrivacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
closechevron-downshopping-cartphonefacebookbarsenvelope