https://www.algatech.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Home > Terms of Use
Algatechnologies Terms of Use
Algatechnologies Ltd. (“Algatech“, “we“, “us” or “our“) produces and markets commercial-scale natural microalgae, using its state of the art proprietary technology. These Terms of Use (these “Terms“) constitute a legal agreement between Algatech and you for use of our website (“Site“) and any services available on the Site (“Services“). “You” means any adult visitor and/or user of the Site and/or Services. By accessing or using the Site and/or Services, you agree that you have read, understood, accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. Our Privacy Notice, available at https://localhost/algatech/privacy-policy/ (“Privacy Notice“) governs our collection, processing and transfer of any Personal Data (as such term is defined in the Privacy Notice).
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to revise or modify these Terms at any time, and you agree to be bound by such revisions or modifications. You are responsible for reviewing these Terms periodically. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services after a change or modification of these Terms has been made will constitute your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms do not access or use the Site and/or Services.
Services
Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, during the period these Terms are in effect, Algatech allows you to use the Site and/or Services on a non-exclusive basis. Algatech may change, modify or update the Services at any time without prior notice to you, including removing functionality. Currently, Algatech makes the Services available free-of-charge to you, but Algatech may choose at any time to charge for your future use of the Services.
As part of the Services, Algatech may make available an e-book, white paper, downloadable documents, newsletters, blogs and additional sources of information (“Algatech Material”). If you wish to receive any Algatech Material, you should register on our Site.
Use of the Services and access to the Site is void where prohibited. By using the Services you represent and warrant that (a) you are 18 years of age or older and otherwise have the ability to form a binding contract; (b) your use of the Site or Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation or any obligation you may have to a third party; (c) if you have registered to receive Algatech material, any and all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate and you will maintain the accuracy of such information, (d) your use of the Site and Services shall be in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and (e) you are aware that the Site is not directed at consumers and any products detailed on this Site should not be considered completed products.
You acknowledge that Algatech may at any time amend, cease to provide and/or terminate the provision of the Site and/or Services at its sole discretion.
No Warranties; Disclaimer
Your use of any aspect of the Site and/or Services is at your own risk. Algatech cannot and does not accept any liability in respect of any activities that you may undertake through using the Services.
the Site and Services are provided to you “AS-IS” without warranty of any kind. Without limiting the foregoing, we disclaim any implied or statutory warranties in respect of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement in respect of the Services.
Algatech does not warrant that any content and/or description provided through the Site and/or Services regarding products or otherwise is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Algatech does not endorse any products offered by any third party and cannot and does not accept any liability in respect of any product by third parties, including its ingredients that contain any of Algatech’s products or services.
The information and content contained on the Site does not constitute medical advice and should not be considered as such. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Algatech, shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms. If you choose to rely on such information, you do so solely at your own risk.
Content
Certain types of content may be made available through the Services. “Content” as used in these Terms means, collectively, all content on or made available through the Services, including any images, documents, information and any modifications or derivatives of the foregoing.
ALGATECH DOES NOT ENDORSE ANY CONTENT OR ANY OPINION, RECOMMENDATION, OR ADVICE EXPRESSED IN THE CONTENT AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTENT. WE DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, FOR THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY AND ALL USERS (INCLUDING UNAUTHORIZED USERS), WHETHER SUCH ACTS OR OMISSIONS OCCUR DURING THE USE OF THE SITE AND/OR SERVICES OR OTHERWISE.
Use Restrictions
You may not do or attempt to do or facilitate a third party in doing any of the following: (1) decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software and/or code, if and as applicable, used to provide the Site and/or Services without our prior written authorization, including framing or mirroring any part of the Site and/or Services; (2) circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site and/or Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content; (3) use the Site and/or Services or content thereon in connection with any commercial endeavors in any manner; (4) use any robot, spider, site search or retrieval application, or any other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data-mine, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site and/or Services; (5) use the Site and/or Services or content thereon in any manner not permitted by these Terms.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall we be liable to you or any third party for any damages, including but not limited to general, incidental, consequential, indirect, direct, special or punitive damages, arising out of or relating to the Services. In any case, our entire liability under any provision of these Terms shall not exceed amounts paid by you directly to us for the use of the Site or Services hereunder. As such, if you have not made any payments to us in order to use the site or Services, we shall not have any liability to you whatsoever.
In addition to the foregoing, Algatech assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission or communications line failure. Algatech is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone or cellular phone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on the Site, including any injury or damage to users or to any person’s mobile device or computer related to or resulting from participation or use of the Services. Under no circumstances shall Algatech be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of the Services, whether online or offline.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless (including our employees, directors, officers, subcontractors and agents) against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) that arise directly or indirectly from: (a) the breach of these Terms by you or anyone using your computer, mobile device, password or login information; (b) any claim, loss or damage experienced from your use or attempted use of (or inability to use) the Site or Services; (c) your violation of any law or regulation; (d) your infringement of any right of any third party, including without limitation the infringement of any third party intellectual property right, moral or publicity right; or (e) any other matter for which you are responsible hereunder or under law. You agree that your use of the Site and/or Services shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines.
Intellectual Property
Algatech and/or its licensors, as the case may be, own the Site, Services and any Algatech products and services available through the Site and/or Services, including any material or content made available through the Services, and all worldwide intellectual property rights in the foregoing. Except as expressly permitted herein, you may not copy, further develop, reproduce, republish, modify, alter, download, post, broadcast, transmit or otherwise use any material made available in the Services. You will not remove, alter or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in the Services. All trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Nothing in these Terms grants you any right to use any trademark, service mark, logo, or trade name of ours or any third party, even if such trademark, service mark, logo, or trade name is posted on your website.
Third Parties
Portions of the Site and the Services (including, without limitation, advertisements) may involve linking to or using web sites belonging to third parties. Algatech is not responsible for content or services available by means of such sites; all use of third-party sites is at your own risk. Algatech does not endorse any products or services offered by third parties.
Miscellaneous
These Terms shall be governed by the law of the State of Israel exclusive of its choice of law rules. Any action to be brought in connection with these Terms shall be brought exclusively in the court located in Tel-Aviv-Jaffa, and you irrevocably consent to their jurisdiction. Any cause of action against us must be brought within one (1) year of the date such cause of action arose. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be replaced with an enforceable provision which most closely achieves the effect of the original provision as permitted by applicable law, and the remaining terms of these Terms shall remain in full force and effect. Nothing in these Terms creates any agency, employment, joint venture, or partnership relationship between you and us or enables you to act on our behalf. Except as may be expressly stated in these Terms, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between us and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any other agreements, understandings or warranties. Nothing contained in these Terms shall be construed to limit the actions or remedies available to us with respect to any prohibited activity or conduct. Non-enforcement of any term of these Terms does not constitute consent or waiver, and we reserve the right to enforce such term at our sole discretion. No waiver of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. We may assign our rights under these terms to any third party. You may not assign your rights or obligations hereunder except as we expressly permit in writing. Any notice to be provided to you pursuant to these Terms maybe provided to the email address or other contact information you have provided to us.
Last updated: December 2018
error: Content is protected !!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok