http://www.craftbilt.com/terms.aspx
Product Websites     Careers     Special Offers     Become a Dealer
American Manufacturer
www.CraftBilt.com
Our Canadian Partner
www.Craft-Bilt.com
We help America build.
HOME
HISTORY
PRODUCTS
AFFILIATIONS
IN THE NEWS
CONTACT US
Product Websites
|
Careers
|  Special Offers
|
Become a Dealer
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
1. Introduction. Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company, including its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Craft-Bilt" or "we" or "us" or "our") provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website ("website") to visitors ("visitors") (cumulatively referred to as "you" or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions (“terms”) set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website. Your access to and use of this website signifies your agreement with these terms.
2. Information on the website. While every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither Craft-Bilt nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) ("information") and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. Craft-Bilt reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
3. Trademarks. The trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trade marks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of Craft-Bilt. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of Craft-Bilt. The contents of this website are protected from copying or distribution under national and international copyright laws and treaties throughout the world. Copyright ©2004 Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company. All rights reserved.
4. External links. External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of Craft-Bilt and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of Craft-Bilt.
5. Warranties. Craft-Bilt makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
6. Disclaimer of liability. Craft-Bilt shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither Craft-Bilt nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
7. Use of the website. Craft-Bilt does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use. By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to Craft-Bilt that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
8. General
8.1 Entire agreement. These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and Craft-Bilt in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor Craft-Bilt shall be bound by any express tacit nor implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and Craft-Bilt in respect of your use of the website.
8.2 Alteration. Craft-Bilt may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
8.3 Conflict. Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
8.4 Comments or questions. If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us at:
Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company
53 Souderton-Hatfield Pike
Souderton, PA 18964
Phone: 215-721-7700
Fax: 215-721-9338
Contact Us
First Name:
Last Name:
Address 1:
Address 2:
City:
State/Province:
Zip:
Phone:
Email:
Sunrooms:
Awnings:
Solar Shades:
Railings:
Pergolas/Canopies:
Screen Rooms:
Aluminum Decks:
Contact me for a FREE estimate:
Email me more information:
1-800-422-8577
© 2020 Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company.
Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company is a registered trademark of Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company. All rights reserved.
| Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Philadelphia Web Design by Perfexion Design