http://www.pinpoint.ltd.uk/privacy-policy
Visit our US website
This policy sets out how Pinpoint Limited uses and/or protects the information that you provide when using this website. Pinpoint Limited is committed to ensuring user privacy is protected.
Privacy Policy
Use of Personal Information
Some sections of our website such as intended contact forms allow you to provide us with personal information about yourself such as name, company name (if applicable) and other contact details. This information will allow us to provide you with further information on our products and services.
The information that is provided by you will be retained by us only for the purposes to which you have provided us. We will not pass this information to any third parties.
If you wish to opt out from receiving any information (including information that you agreed that we could provide) you can do so at any time by selecting the “opt out” button from any marketing emails or by contacting sales@pinpointlimited.com.
Data Retention - we will only hold personal data as long as we need it and we have systems in place for management and retention of data.
Data Subject Access - please contact us if you wish to know whether we hold any personal data about you, if you wish the data we hold about you to be updated or if you would like us to erase your data.
Cookies
The Pinpoint Limited website uses cookies with the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your online experience.
What Are Cookies
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your hard disk or handheld device with the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your online experience. Cookies do not present a threat to privacy and are not used to deliver any viruses to your computer or other devices. They are designed to carry information relating to a particular user and a website, helping to remember your preferences. This means that the next time you visit the site, the server will deliver a page that is tailored to you.
The below outlines what information they gather, how we use it and why we may need to store these cookies. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Most web browsers accept cookies as standard however, you can change your browser settings to disable them if you wish (please refer to your browser Help for information on how to do this). It is however, recommended that you leave on all cookies so that you do not disable any functionality or features that they add to this and subsequent websites.
The Cookies We Set
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Other Websites
The Pinpoint Limited website contains links to other third-party sites that may be of interest to you. If you choose to access these links, you will leave our website. Our Privacy Policy only covers the Pinpoint Limited website and we cannot be responsible for security or privacy elements on any other websites.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Okay