http://www.cranecare.ltd.uk/privacy-policy.html
Crane Care Ltd
Welcome, Register or Log in
“			We care about more than just cranes...		”
Call
0121 333 3995
HomeProfileIndustry SectorsProjectsProducts & ServicesNewsContact
Privacy Policy
NOTICE: Please read this privacy policy carefully. It sets out the terms under which this website (i.e., the website operated by Crane Care Ltd together with the content and any search facilities, directory services, downloads, links and other internet services provided by Crane Care Ltd from time to time) is made available to you. By accessing the website you agree to be bound by these conditions.
The following provides details of our Privacy Policy. In general, we use the personal information that we collect from you to identify personal preferences and match your needs with relevant services.
Note: This policy only applies Crane Care Ltd websites and not to the websites of other companies, individuals or organisations to which we provide links.
Consent
You signify your consent to us collecting and using this information by your use of this website. Should for any reason we elect to change our Policy, we will notify you of those changes here, so that you are always kept informed of how we collect and use the information, and when we would disclose it.
What and How Do We Collect Information about you and How Is It Used?
1. We will collect information about your tastes and preferences when you tell us what these are and by analysis of customer traffic, including the use of cookies (see below).
2. We use information collected about you to help us develop the design and layout of our website to ensure that our sites are as useful and enjoyable as possible.
3. Sometimes we might use the information to let you know about functionality changes to our website, new services or offers that you might find interesting. If you do not wish to receive this information, please send an e-mail to .
Will We Disclose the Information We Collect to Third Parties?
Your privacy is important to us. We will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third party.
Crane Care Ltd may provide aggregate statistics about our services, customers, traffic patterns and other site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you.
Crane Care Ltd reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly or to protect itself or its users.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We have strict security procedures covering the storage and disclosure of your information in order to prevent unauthorised access to comply with the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998. This means that sometimes we may ask for proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser. On revisiting Crane Care Ltd our computer server will recognise the cookie, giving us information about your last visit. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once you close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may still use most of the features of our website.
Customer Feedback and Complaints
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy issues and the design of our website. Should you have such comments or have a complaint about how we are using your personal data, please see our Contact page for our contact details.
Crane Care Ltd
50 Avenue Road,Aston,Birmingham,West Midlands B6 4DY
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
sales@cranecare.ltd.ukGeneral / Sales Tel: 0121 333 3995General / Sales Fax: 0121 333 3996Engineering Tel / Fax: 0121 333 3997
E-Newsletter
Get the latest special offers and industry
news direct to your inbox
Name
Email
Also subscribe me to:
Manufacturing
Remote Control
Lifting Supplies
© 2020 Crane Care Ltd • Home • Privacy Policy • Terms & Conditions • XML Sitemap
Valid XHTML