https://www.generalitravelinsurance.com/privacy-policy.html#digicert
MENU
Sign In / Sign Up
Purchased
Plans
Profile preferences
Claims
Sign Out
View Our Plans
Why Choose Generali
Get a Quote
Start a Claim
Reviews
Contact Us
FAQs
Travel Resources
Press
Careers
View Policy
Sign In / Sign Up
or
Sign In
Forgot Password
Create Account
Purchased
Plans
Profile preferences
Claims
Sign Out
CONTACT US
Start a Claim
Privacy Policy
What information is collected when I visit this website?
Our web server automatically recognizes the domain name, but not the email address, of each visitor to this website.
In addition, we collect overall user information about users' website navigation and information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey responses, customer inquiries and/or site registrations).
The information we collect is used to improve and customize the content and navigation of our website and to improve the overall user experience for each visitor.
Does this site utilize cookies?
Yes. Cookies are pieces of information (files) that are saved by your browser on your computer or mobile phone to help customize your experience and recognize your device. When you visit our website, we use cookies to 1) collect analytics; 2) help with registration; and 3) advertise our products to you with third parties. These third parties include, but are not limited to Google, Bing, Facebook, Zemanta and Criteo. By using our website with your cookies turned on, you consent to the use of cookies and usage data for these purposes.
Cookie collection can be disabled by you for a particular website. This is done within your Internet browser settings. You can usually find these settings in 'options' or 'preferences' within your browser. To disable third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can opt-out by visiting http://www.aboutads.info.
How is my personal information used when I purchase a Generali Global Assistance plan or join your mailing list?
After purchasing a plan, we may contact you for additional information about your trip or policy. If you have purchased a plan, created an account or joined our mailing list, we may also contact you to offer travel safety and security products, inform you of promotions/special offers, or to request customer feedback. We may contact you via phone, mail and/or email.
How does Generali Global Assistance share my personal information?
From time to time, we may provide the contact information of consumers who purchase a Generali Global Assistance plan to affiliated business partners whose products or services we think you might find interesting. You may be contacted via phone, mail, and/or email. We will never share your credit card or financial information with these companies. We do not partner with any ad server companies.
If you purchase a Generali Global Assistance plan, we make some of your private information available to those organizations that service the plan, such as the insurance carrier(s) that underwrite the coverages, as well as insurance regulators, such as state departments of insurance.
How do I access your records of my personal information?
Upon request, we can provide site visitors with their personal information we have collected. Visitors can request this information by contacting Generali Global Assistance as listed below.
Mail:
Generali Global Assistance
Attn: Customer Privacy Management Office
4181 Ruffin Road, Suite 150
San Diego, CA 92123
Email: customerservice@generalitravelinsurance.com
How can I let Generali Global Assistance know my preferences?
If you do not want to be contacted by Generali Global Assistance in the future, if you do not wish Generali Global Assistance to share your information with our affiliated business partners, or if you do not want to receive travel safety and security product offers, promotions or special offers, or requests for customer feedback, please let us know. You can contact Generali Global Assistance as listed below.
Mail:
Generali Global Assistance
Attn: Customer Privacy Management Office
4181 Ruffin Road, Suite 150
San Diego, CA 92123
Email: customerservice@generalitravelinsurance.com
How does Generali Global Assistance keep my personal information secure?
When this site transfers and receives certain types of sensitive information such as financial data, we direct visitors to a secure/encrypted url. You will know that you are in a secure area when you see "https://..." in your address bar and/or a small lock in the status bar part of your browser.
This site uses a secure DigiCert Inc certificate as our website encryption process. Your information is secure and encrypted as it travels between your computer and our webserver.
Once the information is in our computer system, we maintain appropriate security measures at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Additionally, appropriate security measures are in place to prevent information from being accessed electronically by any entity outside our facility.
New York Domestic Violence Notice
Important Information for Victims of Domestic Violence
New York Insurance Law §2612 provides important protections for victims of domestic violence. These protections prohibit insurers from taking certain actions against individuals based solely on their status as a current or former victim of domestic violence. The law also requires an insurer to protect the confidentiality of a person covered under an insurance policy when that person delivers to the insurer a valid order of protection against the policyholder or other person covered by the policy.
In the event an insurer receives from a covered person a valid order of protection against the policyholder or other person covered under the policy then the insurer is prohibited, for the duration of the order, from disclosing to the policyholder or other person the address (including street, mailing or email addresses) and telephone number of the insured, or of any person or entity providing covered services to the insured.
Any person, or the parent of a child who is a victim of domestic violence, may provide an alternative address, telephone number or other method of contact to Generali Global Assistance.
To initiate a request for confidentiality in connection with a valid order of protection, please contact us or send a copy of the valid order of protection to:
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. - U.S. Branch
7 World Trade Center
250 Greenwich Street - 33rd Floor
New York, NY 10007 USA
Tel: +1 212 602 7600
Fax: +1 212 587 9537
Email: legal@generaliusa.com
We will implement your request within three (3) business days of receipt. Once implemented we will not share your name, address, social security number or any other information (your Personal Details) from which there is a reasonable basis to believe your Personal Details could be obtained, to the policyholder or other insured covered under the same policy against whom you have a valid order of protection, without your express consent. You may revoke your request at any time by contacting GUSB's legal department at legal@generaliusa.com.
New York State Domestic Violence Hotlines
Your local hotline can provide you with information on domestic violence resources in your community. For the hotline number of your local domestic violence program, visit the Office for the Prevention of Domestic Violence at http://www.opdv.ny.gov/, or call the New York State Domestic Violence Hotlines at:
English, Español/multi-language accessibility: 1-800-942-6906
Deaf or Hard of Hearing: 711
NYC: 1-800-621-HOPE (4673) or dial 311
TTY: 1-866-604-5350
How do I report a problem or concern about this privacy statement?
If you feel that Generali Global Assistance is not following its stated information policy, you can contact us as listed below.
Mail:
Generali Global Assistance
Attn: Customer Privacy Management Office
4181 Ruffin Road, Suite 150
San Diego, CA 92123
Email: customerservice@generalitravelinsurance.com
What will happen if this Privacy Policy changes?
This Privacy Policy is subject to change. As changes are made to our Privacy Policy, we will post the updates on this website. You should check this website periodically for changes.
Last updated May 16, 2018
A5881805
Get our latest updates and travel tips in your inbox
Thank you for visiting csatravelprotection.com
As part of the worldwide Generali Group we have rebranded our travel protection plans
to Generali Global Assistance, offering the same quality travel insurance, emergency assistance and
outstanding customer service as you've come to rely on for the last 25 years. Welcome to our new
website!
Final step before you're signed up
Please verify that you're human.
Start Chat