http://www.apsgold.com/policies
Policies
Spare Parts Online Store
Home
Info Request
Quote Request [0]
PRODUCTS
SMT Equipment
Turnkey SMT Systems Stencil Printers Pick and Place Machines Reflow Ovens
Thru-hole Systems
Wave Solder Selective Solder Lead Formers Component Counters
PCB Inspection System
Custom Equipment
Spare Parts & Consumables
Product Selection Tool
Request Information
Got a question about advanced assembly systems for making PCBs?
Industries Served
File Library
Support
News & Events
About Us
Contact Us
Policies of DDM Novastar
Privacy InformationWe want to thank you for visiting the DDM Novastar, Inc website. At DDM Novastar, Inc, we respect your privacy.The following privacy statement describes our practice with respect to the collection and use of your identifiable personal information on this Web site. At DDM Novastar, we know how important your privacy is to you. Whether you are a current customer, a returning visitor or just visiting our web site for the first time, we are committed to protecting the information you provide.CookiesPer European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and regulations like this from California's CCPA and Canada, no cookie tracking leading to personally identifiable information is kept before your permission.  DDM Novastar will not attempt to identify users based on collected information. The only cookie being used is limited to Google Analytics with a shortened IP address. Default cookie functions are as follows:     Tracking use of website from page to page    Identifying platform as mobile/non-mobile in order to determine how to display content on phones    Browser detection.    Detecting repeat visitors    Detecting geographic data: City, Region, Country of Origin    Language setting    Campaign tracking visitors from online sources like e-newsletters and online ads.Survey & Form Data PrivacyVisitors have the opportunity to provide information to us through online surveys and forms.  By submitting your contact information, you are providing DDM Novastar consent to communicate with you by mail, e-mail, and/or phone and to store your information electronically. Depending on your request, DDM Novastar shares this information you provide on forms with appropriate individuals located in our marketing and sales, service, engineering, executive department departments and/or with outside sales or service representatives (see https://www.ddmnovastar.com/contact).  Also, individuals with passwords at our marketing agency and programmers may access your contact information as part of tabulations, eliminating spam submissions, and making certain the programming is working.Edit Contact InformationVisitors from the EU may edit their contact information per the GDPR or other privacy regulations using this email  with a subject line of “EDIT CONTACT” Note: If you have a prior transactional relationship with DDM Novastar we may not be required and may not be allowed to change any/all previous instances of the information as allowed in the GDPR. Also, assuming you do not have a prior transactional relationship with the company, visitors from the EU may contact DDM Novastar per the GDPR regulation to remove their own stored marketing contact information using their previously submitted business email address in a double opt-out method. Please use the following address, , with a subject line of “REMOVE CONTACT”. The contact information you provide does not get deleted after some time period as described in the EU GDPR regulations, as of current company policy, since it contains mostly business to business information used for historical research and it is often from either customers or future customers (in request for quotations) which sometimes takes years to complete as a sale in large capital goods projects.   DDM Novastar wants your visit to our web site to be informative and enjoyable. We plan to use any information we obtain from you to help us continually improve our contact with visitors, the content, functionality and overall usefulness of our web site.
Other Information
Please note that any other comments or materials sent to us, including feedback data, are deemed to be non-confidential. We have no obligation with respect to such responses, and DDM Novastar, Inc shall be free to use, reproduce, distribute and publicly display such comments and materials without reference to you personally. DDM Novastar, Inc is also free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such responses for any purpose whatsoever unless otherwise specified.DDM Novastar, Inc may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on this Web site, protect and defend the rights or property of DDM Novastar, Inc or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of DDM Novastar, Inc employees, users of DDM Novastar, Inc products or services, or members of the public. DDM Novastar, Inc reserves the right to transfer personal information to third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets. DDM Novastar, Inc does not otherwise use, sell, rent, share or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties.Use of E-MailPlease use your own best judgment when sending information via the Internet to an e-mail address. E-mail sent via the Internet may pass through private and public networks with varying levels of security. Some networks may have taken steps to secure e-mail transmissions while others have not, thereby compromising the privacy and integrity of an e-mail. An e-mail may be copied, altered or destroyed.We preserve the content of your e-mail, your e-mail address and our response so that we can efficiently respond to questions you might have. We also do this in an effort to meet legal and regulatory requirements.Website feedbackPlease report navigation errors and other website maintenance issues and/or comments to webmaster@DDM Novastar.com. We appreciate your assistance in helping us maintain an error-free website.Quality PolicyIt is the policy of DDM Novastar, Inc. to provide quality products and service in support of our Mission Statement and to be responsive to the individual and collective needs of our customers. All of our customer commitments, supporting actions, and services delivered must be recognized as an expression of quality. We pledge to monitor our performance as an ongoing activity and strive for continuous improvement.Website problemsThis website was designed and developed by Praxis Communications, Inc., a Philadelphia area BtoB marketing communications firm.  Please contact us describing any website issues at info@praxisagency.com Website Terms & Conditions
This is a legal agreement between you and DDM Novastar, Inc. Your access to and use of the DDM Novastar Internet web site is subject to this agreement. By accessing, browsing and/or using the DDM Novastar site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree without limitations or qualification to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement, do not use the DDM Novastar, Inc web site.DDM Novastar, Inc does not warrant or represent that use of materials displayed on the DDM Novastar, Inc site will not infringe the rights of third parties.DDM Novastar, Inc makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy of the contents of the DDM Novastar web site.DDM Novastar, Inc assumes no liability or responsibility for errors or omissions in the contents of the DDM Novastar, Inc web site.Neither DDM Novastar, Inc, nor its agents, partners and affiliates is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of or resulting from or relating in any way to your accessing, browsing and/or use of the DDM Novastar, Inc web site. If your use of the DDM Novastar, Inc web site results in the need for service, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any and all costs.The DDM Novastar, Inc web site is made available as is WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.DDM Novastar, Inc is not liable for any viruses or other damages to your computer equipment, software or data arising out of, resulting from, or relating in any way to your accessing, browsing, using and or downloading the DDM Novastar, Inc web site and/or its content.The content of the DDM Novastar, Inc web site is subject to RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions imposed by applicable law. Use by the Government constitutes acknowledgement of DDM Novastar, Inc’s proprietary rights therein.You may not, without DDM Novastar, Inc’s permission, mirror some or all of the content of the DDM Novastar, Inc web site on any other server.DDM Novastar, Inc, from time to time, may include on the DDM Novastar, Inc web site links, to the sites of third parties. DDM Novastar, Inc has not reviewed and is not responsible for any third-party site. Your use to any third-party site is at your own risk.DDM Novastar, Inc may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. By using the DDM Novastar, Inc web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.Copyright InformationAll material on this website is copyrighted to DDM Novastar Inc. All Rights Reserved and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, posted or transmitted in any manner, including, but not limited to, by electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means, except as provided in this agreement, without DDM Novastar's express written permission.  For permission email  with your request
Copyright © 2020, DDM Novastar Inc. All Rights Reserved
Phone: 215-485-5663  |  Fax: 215-485-5664
Privacy & Policies