http://www.opex.com/legal/california-supply-chains-act-53
Legal Documents
Home
Legal Documents
California Supply Chains Act
California Supply Chains Act
LAST MODIFIED 20 August 2019
(VERSION 1)
As a qualifying retail seller in California, OPEX Corporation (“OPEX” or the “Company”) is subject to California’s Transparency in Supply Chains Act (the “Act”). The Act requires sellers to provide information concerning their efforts to address the issues of forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking within their supply chain. The Act serves to aid purchasers of products in making more informed choices about what they buy.
ABOUT OPEX
OPEX strives to make ethical business choices when it comes to preventing forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking, and we will not knowingly support or deal with any business that engages in forced labor, slavery, or human trafficking.  Consistent with these efforts, OPEX confirms that it is not aware of any member of its company being engaged in forced labor, slavery, or human trafficking.
For over forty years, OPEX has manufactured products exclusively in the United States, and we currently employ several hundred employees at our main facilities in Moorestown and Pennsauken, New Jersey. Given that OPEX manufactures our products entirely within the United States, we are subject to United States federal, state, and local laws, including applicable labor laws.
SUPPLY CHAIN VERIFICATION
OPEX’s suppliers are expected to comply with applicable federal, state, and other laws, including those that address forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking. If OPEX is informed or otherwise becomes aware of a concern with a supplier, the Company reserves the right to request remediation of the concern, or the supplier faces the prospect of termination of its supply arrangement.
SUPPLIER AUDITS
OPEX reserves the right to audit our suppliers’ compliance with all applicable laws, including those laws relating to forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking.  On an annual basis, OPEX reviews the online statements of a select list of the Company’s suppliers regarding their prevention of forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking.  If an online statement does not exist for one or more of the selected suppliers, we review other public materials available online for possible reports of the supplier having violated forced labor, slavery, or human trafficking laws.
SUPPLIER CERTIFICATIONS
OPEX manufactures a large proportion of the parts that go into our products.  If OPEX sources parts from outside the Company, OPEX generally prefers to source such materials and parts from domestic suppliers located in the United States.  Regardless of whether OPEX sources materials or parts from domestic or international suppliers, the Company expects suppliers to abide by applicable federal, state, local, and international laws in the manufacture and distribution of materials supplied.  However, we do not presently require our suppliers to provide a specific certification that their materials or parts comply with forced labor, slavery, or human trafficking laws.
SUPPLIER ACCOUNTABILITY PROGRAM
OPEX works to develop and maintain business relationships with suppliers that share our commitment to conduct business in a responsible and legally compliant manner.  OPEX’s Corporate Principles include obligations to “conduct all business in a fair and honest manner” and to “recognize the value of the individual.”  If OPEX becomes aware of actions or conditions that are not in compliance with those principles or applicable law, including but not limited to violations of forced labor, slavery, or human trafficking laws, we reserve the right to seek remediation.
EMPLOYEE TRAINING
All OPEX employees are required to comply with our policies, employee manuals, and other similar documents.  Such documentation includes provisions addressing legally permissible and impermissible labor practices.  We also post at our facilities in the U.S. -- at various locations accessible to all U.S. employees -- posters or other statements discussing prohibitions against child labor, prohibitions against retaliating against employees who report labor law violations, the payment of proper wages, and other related topics that may bear upon forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking laws.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We will post any changes to this California Supply Chain Act Statement on opex.com.
Thank you for contacting us.
We will get back to you as soon as we can.
CLOSE
Product Permalink:
CLOSE