http://www.ral-display.co.uk/privacy-policy
home
customer services
how to order
buyer's guides
upload artwork
news
contact us
delivery
basket
Contact Us
0116 2554640
sales@ral-display.co.uk
Upload Artwork
REVIEW CENTRE
AVERAGE REVIEW SCORE 9.9
163 REVIEWS
Showroom Open
9am - 5.30pm Mon - Fri
30 Days' Credit for Council,
Government & Public Bodies
QUANTITY DISCOUNTS!
Privacy Policy
RAL Display & Marketing Ltd will be referred to as 'RAL Display', 'we', 'us' and 'our' throughout this privacy statement. Our website 'www.ral-display.co.uk' will be referred to as 'the website'.
RAL Display's Privacy Policy: A Summary
The privacy and security of your information is of the utmost importance to us.
We do not use your data for any other reason than for order processing, accountancy, internal sales and marketing analysis.
We do not share or sell your information to third parties.
Your data is hosted on secure UK web servers.
Our privacy policy is not presented as a legally binding document.
How We Gather & Hold Your Information You can navigate through our website anonymously. If you wish to place an order through the website we kindly ask you to follow the checkout procedure accessible from the basket. In order to fulfil the order we ask for your invoice and a delivery address (if different) and a contact telephone number should we or the carrier need to contact you regarding the order. The information is held on secure web servers and is accessible only to RAL Display. We will provide your delivery details to trade manufacturers and carriers which will not be used by them for any other means than to fulfil the order Information We Don't Gather or Store
We do not collect credit and debit card information. Electronic payments are handled securely by our payment gateway company PayPoint. View their details at PayPoint.com for further information.About CookiesA cookie is a small text file generated by your web browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome) at the request of a website. The file is stored on your computer and holds information about your previous visit(s) to the site. Our website provides users the opportunity to use cookies to store preferred settings and product details such as basket contents on their browser to prevent having to re-enter data when returning to the site. Cookies may be restricted or blocked and existing cookies can be deleted through your browser settings. Visit www.allaboutcookies.org for more information.
External LinksOur website may contain links to external third party websites. We advise you to check the privacy policy of these sites as they may be different to ours.
General Please contact us if you would like more information about our privacy policy at:
Postal address:RAL Display & Marketing Ltd2 Cranmer StreetLeicesterLE3 0QA
Telephone: 0116 2554640
Fax: 0116 2550572
Email: info@ral-display.co.uk
Categories
Covid 19 Protective & Distancing Products
Display Boards
Display Stands
Pop Up Stands
Exhibition Stands
Pop Up Banners
Office Dividers
Leaflet Holders
Brochure Stands
Sign Holders
Snap Frames & Poster Holders
Wall Mount Poster Pockets & Standoff Sign Fixings
Cable Display Systems
Portable Counters & Plinths
Outdoor Displays & Flags
Exhibition Stands Hire
Top Sellers
Office Screen with Clear Acrylic Panel - 1800mm High »
From £259.00
More Info »
Clear Safety Screens »
£92.00
More Info »
Titan A2 Sign Holders »
£53.00
More Info »
Blog
Trade Secrets To Successful Exhibition Marketing
World Class Display Stands from RAL Display
How To Prepare For An Exhibition
When NOT To Go To The Trade Show
Bewitching Tips for Successful Exhibition Tradeshows
How To Beat Expo Fatigue and Be At Your Best All Day
back to top
Our Showroom
Open 9am to 5.30pm,Monday - Friday
Useful Links
Home
Customer Services
Privacy Policy
Delivery Information
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Display Boards
Display Stands
Exhibition Stands
Join Us Online
Get in Touch
RAL Display & Marketing Ltd
2 Cranmer Street
Leicester
LE3 0QA
GB
Tel: 0116 2554640
Fax: 0116 2550572
sales@ral-display.co.uk
Business hours are 9am to 5:30pm, Monday to Friday
Local Time is
(GMT)
Copyright © RAL Display 2020
Registered in England No. 1978439
VAT No. GB 372 2194 60