http://www.desertschools.org/legal
NEW LOANS & ACCOUNTS: (602) 335-5003
MEMBER SERVICE: (602) 433-7000
LOGIN
OPEN AN ACCOUNT
Home
Legal
Security and Legal
Thank you for visiting the Desert Financial Credit Union ("Desert Financial") Web site. We maintain this site to provide you with general financial and educational information, as well as information about the products and services offered by Desert Financial. Desert Financial requires that all visitors to this site abide by the following Terms of Use. Please read them carefully. By accessing and/or using this site, you agree to all of the following Terms of Use. You also agree to any additional terms and conditions of use applicable to specific areas of the site that are posted on the site at any time. These Terms of Use, including the Privacy Statement, the Online Banking information and any additional terms and conditions of use applicable to specific areas of the site, as they each may be modified from time to time, are collectively referred to as the "Terms of Use."
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Online Banking
Terms of Use
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise indicated in this site, the pages, screens, text, logos, images, graphics, sound, information and materials available through this site ("the information and materials available through this site") are the property of Desert Financial, its affiliates or their respective licensors and are protected by applicable copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property laws. You may not copy, display, distribute, download, license, modify, publish, broadcast, repost, reproduce, reuse, sell, transmit, modify, use to create a derivative work, or use for any public or commercial purpose any of the information and materials available through this site without the express written permission of Desert Financial. This includes through e-mail or other electronic means. You may, however, download the information and materials available through this site to a computer or print out a hard copy for your personal reference if you do not remove any copyright or other notices contained therein. Also, we encourage you to tell others how to access the information and materials directly through this site. You should send requests for our express written permission to any exception to this rule to webmaster@desertfinancial.com.
Information and Materials Available Through This Site
Although we will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and timely information, all information and materials available through this site are provided "AS IS" and with all faults. Desert Financial does not warrant, and specifically disclaims any warranty as to, the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, noninfringement, merchantability, availability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose of the information and materials available through this site. You agree that your access to and use of this site and the information and materials available through this site are at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that in no event shall Desert Financial or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or losses whatsoever (including, without limitation, lost profits, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, or computer failure or malfunction) arising out of or resulting from: (1) your use of, or inability to use, data, documents or information made available on this site or other Web sites linked to this site; (2) content errors, omissions or infringing material; or (3) any harm caused by the transmission of a computer virus, or other computer code or programming device that might be used to access, modify, delete, damage, corrupt, deactivate, disable, disrupt or otherwise impede in any manner the operation of any of your software, hardware, data or property. You agree that Desert Financial and its affiliates shall have no such liability to you even if Desert Financial is advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, even if Desert Financial or its affiliates or information providers are negligent, and regardless of the legal or equitable theory (whether contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise) upon which the claim is based.
Desert Financial may make improvements and/or changes to any products or services described in this site, and may eliminate any products or services described in this site, at any time. Desert Financial does not guarantee that any product or service described in this site will be available at any time, or that any such product or service will be available to you (as the eligibility for particular products and services varies).
The information and materials available through this site may include information and materials about the investment process generally as well as research and commentary (not relating to specific securities) about financial planning, investments, interest rates and other economic conditions generally. Desert Financial is not providing investment advice through this site and does not provide any advice regarding the nature, potential value or suitability of any particular investment or any investment strategy. You agree to make your own independent evaluation of your financial planning needs, interest rates and other economic conditions, and any investments you make. You also agree that you will not use any of the information and materials available through this site as tax or legal advice and that you will consult with your own advisors as necessary with respect to investment, tax or legal advice. You agree that this site and the information and materials available through this site are for informational purposes only and do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security, even if a specific security is referenced in this site or in any Web site linked to this site.
Links
Our site contains links to sources outside of Desert Financial that we believe are useful to visitors to our site. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy and terms of use of the new site. Such sites are not under the control of Desert Financial, and Desert Financial is not responsible for their content. Desert Financial provides these links to you only as a convenience, and has not tested any software or verified any information found at such sites. Further, the inclusion of any link does not imply Desert Financial's endorsement of the site or its contents. You acknowledge and understand that there are inherent risks in the use of any software or information found on the Internet. Desert Financial welcomes links to its site. You are free to create a hypertext link to Desert Financial's site as long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by Desert Financial. Also, we request a courtesy notification, via e-mail to webmaster@desertfinancial.com, in advance of your link to our site.
Products or Services Obtained from Other Sites
Desert Financial does not warrant, and specifically disclaims any warranty as to, the merchantability, availability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose of any products or services you may purchase or obtain from an entity other than Desert Financial (including Desert Schools Financial Services, LLC, LPL Financial or any other entity sponsoring a Web site linked to this site). You agree that your purchase and use of any such products or services are at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that in no event shall Desert Financial or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or losses whatsoever (including, without limitation, lost profits, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, or computer failure or malfunction) arising out of or resulting from your purchase or use of any such products. You agree that Desert Financial and its affiliates shall have no such liability to you even if Desert Financial is advised of the possibility of such damages or losses and regardless of the legal or equitable theory (whether contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise) upon which the claim is based. In addition to any disclaimers or terms of use imposed by such other entity, you should note that any such investment products or services you may purchase or obtain (1) are not bank deposits and are not insured by the NCUA, (2) are not guaranteed by Desert Financial or any of its affiliates, and (3) are subject to substantial risk, including the possible loss of some or all of the principal invested.
Computer Viruses
It is possible to contract a computer virus or other malicious code by using the Internet or materials downloaded from it. Desert Financial does not guarantee that this site or any of the information and materials available through this site will be virus or problem free, and we disclaim liability (if any) for viruses and similar problems. We attempt to keep our site virus free, but cannot assure you that our efforts will be successful.
Email
Messages transmitted via electronic mail (e-mail) are not secure and any information transmitted to this site via e-mail will not be treated as confidential. Desert Financial may use e-mail or other forms of input provided by visitors to this site for any purpose without compensation to the contributor.
Revocation of Access Authorization
Desert Financial reserves the right to revoke any or all access and use authorizations granted to site visitors. If you have questions or comments about this policy, please contact webmaster@desertfinancial.com.
Loan Application and Servicing Process
Desertfinancial.com is an online financial service provider that facilitates certain credit decisions for members based on their past credit history and current financial performance. We understand that you expect privacy, confidentiality and security for your financial transactions. We collect and use information about you only when we reasonably expect it is necessary to complete and process your loan application. We ask for information such as contact information (like name, address, phone number, etc.), unique identifiers (like social security number and date of birth) and financial information (like income amount) for specific business purposes in evaluating your loan request. We request and use information obtained from national consumer credit reporting companies to further evaluate your loan application. At this time, we use information obtained from Equifax, TransUnion and Experian. We provide training to our employees, which stresses the importance of maintaining confidentiality of accounts. We maintain certain security standards to deter unauthorized access to confidential information about you. The integrity of our information is tested on a routine basis to validate and improve the protection we offer. We do not disclose specific information about your accounts to parties outside our credit union and affiliated entities for their independent use unless: (1) you ask that we provide information or authorize its release; (2) the information is necessary so we may complete a transaction you initiated; (3) the disclosure is required or permitted by law; or (4) the information is provided to an established national credit-reporting agency. At times, it may be necessary that we share information about you with a party outside our credit union or affiliated entities, such as a vendor that we hire for support services. These vendors agree to safeguard any confidential information obtained and must abide by applicable law.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction
You agree that: (1) your access to and use of this site and these Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona and applicable Federal laws; (2) any dispute relating to your access to and use of this site or these Terms of Use (a "dispute") shall be brought exclusively in the Maricopa County, Arizona Superior Court or in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona; and (3) you knowingly, voluntarily and irrevocably: (a) consent, for yourself and in respect of your property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of these courts; (b) waive any immunity or objection, including any objection to personal jurisdiction or the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens, which you may have from or to the bringing of the dispute in such jurisdiction; (c) waive any personal service of any summons, complaint or other process that may be made by any other means permitted by the State of Arizona; (d) waive any right to trial by jury; (e) agree that any such dispute shall be decided by court trial without a jury; and (f) agree that Desert Financial or its affiliates may file a printed or electronic version of the Terms of Use with any court as written evidence of your consents, waivers and agreements set forth herein.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use represent the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and Desert Financial regarding your access to this site and your use of the information and materials available through this site, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and representations regarding the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Terms of Use are in addition to, and do not nullify, any other agreement between you and Desert Financial or its affiliates governing your relationship with Desert Financial or its affiliates generally. Except as herein provided, no waiver, modification or amendment of any provision of these Terms of Use shall be effective against Desert Financial unless the same is in writing and signed by an authorized officer of Desert Financial. Desert Financial may modify these Terms of Use at any time upon written notice or posting to the site. You agree that if you access this site or use the information and materials available through this site after such notification of changes, you will be bound by all such changes. Thus, you should continue to review these Terms of Use whenever using this site. If you do not want to be bound by any changes, you must not use this site or any of the information and materials available through this site after the changes become effective. Should any term or provision of the Terms of Use be deemed or held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
Privacy Statement
Security
All of the electronic forms on this site, such as those for our loan applications, are on secure servers. This means that Desert Financial has taken reasonable steps to protect your personal information from unauthorized parties. We treat customer information given to us online with the same confidentiality that we do with customer records on paper and with information taken over the phone by Desert Financial customer service representatives. However, no technology is fail-proof. It is possible—even if remote—for an unauthorized person to gain access to this information despite the safeguard of a secure server. Consequently, visitors using forms on our site do so at their own risk.
A cookie is a way for web sites to recognize whether or not you have visited the site before. A cookie can be a piece of data such as a data file, web beacon, pixel or other technology given to a browser by a web server, so that the browser will hand it back to the server on subsequent visits. Desert Financial uses cookies in places where you need to register, such as Online Banking, or where you are able to customize the information you see or other pages of the website that you visit. Recording a cookie at such points makes your online experience easier and more personalized and helps Desert Financial to store your preferences, enhance its website and improve its advertising. Although there has been some debate over the privacy implications of cookies, they do not read your hard drive nor can they be used to reveal anything about you that you have not already explicitly revealed. Questions regarding our privacy statement can be sent to webmaster@desertfinancial.com. Our Information Service department can handle all other questions at info@desertfinancial.com.
Online Banking
General Description of Online Banking and Mobile Banking
What this Agreement Covers.
This Agreement governs the use of Online Banking and Mobile Banking Applications (“Online Banking”) provided by Desert Financial Credit Union d/b/a Desert Financial Credit Union (“Desert Financial”). By using Online Banking to conduct transactions, you agree to the terms of this Agreement.
Definitions
"Account” means the Desert Financial share or account(s) tied to your account number or username used through Online Banking to conduct banking transactions.
“Device” means your computer or electronic device with a web browser
"Loan Account" means any loan you have with Desert Financial.
“Share Agreement” means the Statements of Terms, Conditions, and Disclosures, Desert Financial Fee Schedules, any overdraft coverage agreement, any loan agreement, change in terms notices, Privacy Policy, or any other accompanying schedules applicable to any Account(s) or Loan Account you have with Desert Financial.
"You," "your," and "yours" mean the Desert Financial member using Online Banking.
"We," "our," us," and "Credit Union" refer to Desert Financial.
Relation to Other Agreements
The terms and conditions in this Agreement are in addition to any Share Agreement you have with Desert Financial. You should review those for any applicable fees, for limitations on the number of transactions you can make, liability rules for electronic fund transfers, steps to take for resolution of errors, and for other restrictions that might impact your use of an account with Online Banking services or Transfers Outside Desert Financial.
Required Equipment
In order to use the service, you need a Device (click here for Browser Requirements), an account number, and password. You may be required to furnish additional information to verify your identity. You are responsible for the installation, maintenance, operation and security of your Device.
Requirement of Account Access
To use Online Banking, you must be authorized to transact on at least one active Account or Loan Account. Through Online Banking, you will have access to any Account or Loan Account on which you are authorized to transact or to which you have access. Desert Financial reserves the right to deny access to an Account or Loan Account or to deny transactions under certain circumstances.
Description of Services
Online Banking
Online Banking allows you to perform the following functions from your Device.
Some functions may not be available on mobile Devices.
Transfer funds between your Desert Financial Accounts (subject to restrictions imposed by federal law and the Share Agreement. Transfers made using Online Banking are counted against the permissible number of transfers described in the Share Agreement)
Obtain Account balances
Obtain transaction information for your Accounts
Obtain Loan Account balance information
Update your contact information and account preferences, including statement receipt methods and alerts
Perform stop payment requests (The Credit Union must receive your stop payment order in a manner and at a time that gives the Credit Union a reasonable opportunity to act on it before paying, accepting, cashing or otherwise becoming obligated to pay your check or ACH item as provided by law. Refer to the Statements of Terms, Conditions, and Disclosures on desertschools.org for further information)
Initiate transaction disputes.
Utilize our Bill Pay Service (subject to separate terms and conditions)
Utilize our peer-to-peer transfer service, Pay Anyone (subject to separate terms and conditions)
Access e-Statements, if selected
Transfer funds to or from accounts at other financial institutions (subject to account verification, dollar and frequency limitations, and any restrictions imposed by other financial institutions)
Mobile deposit services (subject to separate terms and conditions)
Additional services may be provided at our discretion and subject to additional terms and conditions.
Mobile Banking Service
The Mobile Banking Service allows you to access your Credit Union account information and conduct banking transactions through the Credit Union’s online banking services using compatible mobile phones or other mobile devices (“Mobile Device”). To use the Mobile Banking Service, you must download and install a third-party software application (the “Software”) on your Mobile Device and follow the procedures for activating the Mobile Banking Service.
The Credit Union reserves the right to modify the scope of the Mobile Banking Service at any time.
You agree not to use the Mobile Banking Service or the content or information delivered through the Mobile Banking Service in any way that would: (a) infringe any third-party copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy, including any rights in the Software; (b) be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items, including, but not limited to, use of the Mobile Banking Service to impersonate another person or entity; (c) violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); (d) be false, misleading, inaccurate, defamatory or unlawfully harassing; or (h) interfere with, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Mobile Banking Service.
Exclusion of Warranties
This Service and related documentation are provided "as is" without any warranty of any particular kind either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Password and Security
Enrollment into Online Banking requires successful validation of user information and the creation of a password. You agree not to give or make available your password to any unauthorized individual. If you believe your password has been lost or stolen, someone has attempted to use the Online Banking without your consent, your account(s) or loan accounts have been accessed, or someone has transferred money without your permission, you must notify Desert Financial immediately (see Contact Information below). Desert Financial does not maintain a record of your password. If you lose or forget your password, follow the link to automatically reset your password from the login screen.
You have the option of uploading a photograph to your Online Banking profile.
Any inappropriate, offensive, or explicit images, or images that may violate the intellectual property rights of any third party, may be removed.
Your Liability For Unauthorized Transactions and Payments
Unauthorized use of your Online Banking profile could cause you to lose all the money in your Account(s) plus your maximum overdraft line of credit, linked shares, and available Privilege Pay funds, if any. If you believe your account(s) has been accessed and/or someone has performed an unauthorized transaction from your account. Notifying Desert Financial immediately could minimize your possible losses.
If you notify Desert Financial within two (2) business days of an unauthorized transaction, your maximum liability will be $50. If you do not tell us within two (2) business days after you learn of the loss or theft of your password and/or account number(s), and the unauthorized access could have been prevented if you had notified us, then you could lose as much as $500.
Should your statement show banking transactions that you did not make or authorize, please tell us immediately. If you do not tell us within 60 days after the statement was mailed, you may not get back any of the money you lost if the unauthorized banking transaction(s) or payment(s) could have been stopped if you had notified us in time.
You agree to assist Desert Financial in its efforts to recover any funds that were transferred or paid without your permission or consent. Refer to the Statements of Terms, Conditions, and Disclosures.
Cookies, Browser Information and Related Issues
When you visit the Site, the Service Provider may receive certain standard information that your browser sends to any website you visit, such as the originating IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses, and other information generated from “cookies.” This data may be used, among other uses, to improve the operation of the Site and to improve the security of the Site and Service by assisting in "authenticating" who you are when you access the Site or Service, particularly if you register for the Service and are issued or create a username and password.
We do not take any special action upon receipt of ‘Do Not Track’ notices.”
Additional Text Banking Service Terms and Conditions
Your use of Desert Financial’ Text Banking Service (“Text Service”) constitutes your agreement to the following terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions are in addition to and do not supersede or replace any other agreements applicable to your accounts or use of other Desert Financial services.
You are responsible for any and all charges, including but not limited to fees associated with text messaging imposed by your communication service provider.
Standard message and data rates may apply.
You agree to provide Desert Financial with a valid mobile number so that Desert Financial may send you information about your applicable account.
You agree that Desert Financial may send you text messages through your wireless provider.
You agree to notify us immediately of any changes to your registered device.
Desert Financial will never send a text message that asks you to supply sensitive, personal or financial information such as your social security number or your account number.
If you receive such a request, do not respond and contact Desert Financial immediately.
The Text Service may not be encrypted and may include personal or confidential information about you such as your account activity or status.
You acknowledge that account information may not include recent or pending transactions or other information subject to restrictions.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Desert Financial from any claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from your use of the Text Service or providing a mobile phone number that is not your own.
You further agree that Desert Financial will not be liable for any failed, delayed or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Text Service, any errors in information and any action you may or may not take in reliance on this information.
Disclosure of Account Information to Third Parties
Desert Financial will only disclose information to third parties about your Account, Loan Account, or banking transactions in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Charges
Online Banking may be subject to service charges in accordance with the Fee Schedule and/or Business Fee Schedule adopted by the Credit Union from time to time. You will be notified of the implementation of newly assessed fees, as required by law. NOTE: Your Accounts and Loan Accounts are still subject to the fees, charges, balance requirements, etc. articulated in the Share Agreement.
Warranty and Limited Liability. The Online Banking Service is provided AS IS and AS AVAILABLE.
You acknowledge that the Online Banking Service may be interrupted, may be limited or may not be accessible over some mobile networks.
You further acknowledge that, from time to time, the Online Banking Service may be delayed, disrupted or interrupted, and that such could result in inaccuracy, delay, mis-delivery, or error in transmission of data or information.
Information available through Online Banking may not be current or may differ from the information that is available directly through the Credit Union website.
THE CREDIT UNION AND ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ONLINE BANKING SERVICE OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS ADDENDUM, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER THE CREDIT UNION NOR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS, OR DATA, WHETHER BASED IN STATUTE, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE CREDIT UNION OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, AS APPLICABLE, HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF, OR HAD REASON TO KNOW OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF THE CREDIT UNION OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE ONLINE BANKING SERVICES OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS ADDENDUM EXCEED $50.
Alterations and Amendments
The terms of this Agreement, applicable fees, and service charges may be altered or amended by Desert Financial from time to time. This Agreement, including any changes hereto, is on the Online Banking website, and any use of the Service constitutes your agreement that such use is subject to the then-current version of this Agreement.
Disputes
This Agreement, along with any other terms and conditions applicable to particular services, is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and Desert Financial with regard to Online Banking, which supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and any other communications between you and Desert Financial relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.
Assignment
You may not assign this Agreement to any other party. Desert Financial may assign this Agreement to any present or future affiliated company. Desert Financial may also assign or delegate certain of its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement to independent contractors or other third parties.
No Waiver
Desert Financial shall not be deemed to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder unless such waiver is in writing and signed by Desert Financial. No delay or omission on the part of Desert Financial in exercising any right or remedy shall operate as a waiver of such right or remedy or any other rights or remedies. A waiver on any particular occasion shall not be construed as a bar or waiver of any rights or remedies on future occasions.
Captions
The captions of sections hereof are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to its conflict of law rules, and in the event of any dispute arising out of this Agreement, the parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona.
Contact Information:
Write to:
Desert Financial Credit Union
Attn: Operations Resolutions
P.O. Box 2945
Phoenix, AZ 85062-2945
Or Call:
(602) 433-7000
(800) 456-9171
Monday – Saturday, 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m.
Or e-mail:
info@desertfinancial.com