http://www.designbyfeel.com/privacy-security-policy/
http://sexopornvideos.com
Home
About
Our Company
Our Mission
Affiliations
FAQs
Library
Paper & Publications
Videos
Glossary
Ergonomic Training
Basic Training
Advanced Training
pd Design Consultation
Purchase pd Components
pd Instruments
Dental Units
pd Handpieces
Ergonomic Magnification
Educational Aids
Supplies
Contact
Privacy & Security Policy
Designbyfeel Inc. Â is committed to fair information practices.Â Â  WeÂ respect the privacy and security of our users. Â Our goal is to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers information, resources, and services that are relevant and helpful. In order to achieve this goal, we sometimes collect information during your visits to understand what differentiates you from other users. We will not disclose the information we gather to any person or organization outside of Designbyfeel Inc.Â except as described in this Privacy Policy.
This notice describes our privacy practices.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Web server logs: When you visit our Web sites, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
– your Internet Protocol address
– what kind of browser or computer you use
– the number of links you click within the site
– the state or country from which you accessed the site
– the date and time of your visit
– the name of your Internet service provider
– the Web page you linked to our site from
– the pages you viewed on the site
Personal information users give us
On our internet site, visitors can register to purchase products or services, receive personalized content and participate in surveys. When you register, we will ask you for some personal information. If you’re purchasing a product, we’ll request financial information such as a credit card number. Â Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the products and services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. Credit Card information is NOT stored on our systems.
Finally, you may be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For example, we may collect personal information from you (such as an e-mail address, system information and problem descriptions) in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
Cookies
WeÂ use technical security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. Our Web sites use cookies (i.e., small bits of text that our servers place into a file on your computer’s hard drive). ThisÂ is used to maintain your session while logged into your account, and provide personalized functionality. This information is used to close your session after a period of inactivity to protect your privacy. You can reject cookies by changing your browser settings, but be aware that this will disable some of the functionality on this website.
Information about subscribers and their usage is maintained in a secure environment. This information is not shared with third parties for marketing purposes.Â We do not disclose any information about any subscriber’s usage of our website, except as required by law.
Privacy Policy Changes or Questions
We will post and highlight the policy changes if our information practices change in a significant way.Â  Please send an e-mail message through our contact page regarding questions about our privacy policy or call 1-303-369-1069. We collect certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from the user, from our Web server logs and with cookies.
Follow
Work-related pain left 2 options.
Quit dentistry
Find a new ergonomic way to practice dentistry
Now, 32 years later, I still work without pain and credit my success to the pd method. - Michael Dougherty, DDS
Attend a 2-day balance Workshop!
Mar 14 & 15, 2019
May 24 & 25, 2019
Sep 20 & 21, 2019
“The pd awareness of how I am doing a procedure and the principles taught to me have been extremely valuable.”
-Alan Green, DDS
Boulder, Colorado, USA
Approved PACE Program Provider FAGD/MAGD Credit
Approval does not imply acceptance by a state or provincial board of dentistry or AGD endorsement. 4/1/2017 to 3/31/2019
1550 So. Potomac St., #220    |    Aurora, CO 80112 USA    |    DesignByFeel.com
Privacy & Security Policy
Cancellation & Refund Policy
Contact
Attend a 2-day balance workshop!