http://www.protuffdecals.com/privacy-policy
Home >> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
(Last Updated: August, 2015)
This Privacy Statement explains our views and practices concerning privacy, and how they may pertain to you as a user of our website.
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover all visitors to this website, all subscribers to lists or newsletters whether paid or unpaid, all members or affiliates whether paid or unpaid, and all customers. Persons who visit or view this website or a participant in or as a user of the Pro-Tuff Decals website, whether intentionally or unintentionally, whether solicited or unsolicited, are described herein as "Visitors" or "You" or "Your" and are parties to this Privacy Policy. Subscribers to lists or Newsletters are referred to herein as "Subscribers" and are also parties to the Privacy Policy. Persons who join an organization or marketing endeavor (e.g. "affiliates") promoted by this website are called "Members" herein and are covered by this Privacy Policy. Finally, anyone who orders, attempts to order, or receives a product sold (recipients) or advertised on or delivered from this website, even at no cost, is called a "Customer" herein and is subject to this Privacy Policy not only by passive acceptance, but by virtue of the Purchase Agreement contract. The website, its agents, owners, operators, and employees are referred to collectively herein as "Website," "Site," "We," "our", "Us", and/or "Seller" which refers to Pro-Tuff Decals. In the event that a person excluded from this website because of the Terms of Use or from denial of service by the website, who nonetheless unlawfully views this site, that person remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and is in violation of the Terms of Use.
This website is not lawfully accessible to persons under the age of 18 or who are otherwise covered by the provisions of the Child Online Privacy Act of 1998 (COPA). If you are under the age of 18 you must leave this site immediately. Fraudulent use of this website may make you subject to civil or criminal sanctions.
Acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy is a portion of the consideration required for your right to visit the website. If you do not accept these terms, you have no right to visit this site and you are fraudulently using this site.
This site contains links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
All information transmitted, printed or otherwise submitted to Pro-Tuff Decals via this website shall be deemed to be the property of Pro-Tuff Decals, and Pro-Tuff Decals shall be free to use such information for any lawful purpose as detailed herein.
We reserve the right to release such information to law enforcement or other governmental officials as we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem necessary to comply with the law.
It is the intent of the Privacy Policy to comply with the Illinois Act. Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Act. In summary, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. This is not usually personally identifiable. If you purchase a product or service via this website (and thereby become covered by the Act), the purchase agreement you electronically sign prior to purchase allows the website to collect and archive all the personal information you provide and to transmit and/or transfer that personal information to third parties. There is no way you can modify this information and you have no right to do so. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, you have no right to view or receive any information about our database. In the event that the website, under advice of counsel agrees to divulge information, the requesting party must submit whatever information is demanded by the website in insure that the website is releasing information to the correct party. Other provisions of the OPPA may exempt this website from complying. While we take measures to ensure that outside parties do not have access to any information we have about you, we do not warranty that outside parties will not breach our system and thus have access to your information. (You should know that merchant service providers do not allow us access to your credit card information.) This Privacy Policy also is subject to change without notice. You are required to read it prior to using the website. By interacting with the website you agree to the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy. By using the website or purchasing a product through this website, you waive the right to use state or federal court systems to address complaints and, instead, agree to use the American Arbitration Association located in Orange County, California as specified by the website owners.
Article 1
Information Collected
This website routinely collects information about its visitors, subscribers, members, and customers. We automatically collect and/or track the following:
Web page http headers (home server domain names, IP address, type of client computer, and type of Web browser);
Information knowingly provided by you through on-line forms, registration forms, surveys, and/or other entries, such as email addresses, personal, financial or demographic information;
Information, user specific or aggregate, on what pages our visitors access; and E-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with Pro-Tuff Decals via e-mail.
Visitors clicking on banners or pop-ups or hyperlinked advertising or opt-ins, appearing on this website must assume that information is being collected about them. This site is not responsible for the use of information collected in such a fashion. Visitors must assume that (1) information will be collected, (2) that 'cookies' will usually be placed on their hard drive, (3) that website does not have any control over what happens with this information, (4) that website takes no responsibility over the accuracy or content of advertisers, (5) that website is not responsible for downloads from third party advertisers that contain viruses or worms or other computer code that causes their computer or software harm, and (6) that website assumes no responsibility for the data that is garnered from the click itself or that the advertiser collects.
Article 2
Use of Data Collected from this site
We use your personal, demographic and profile data to enhance your experience at our site and to enable us to present content we think you might be interested in. We use your contact information to send you information about our company, its websites and promotional material from our partners. We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data to improve our site, for statistical analysis, for marketing and promotional purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes for our advertisers. Information collected by us may be added to our databases and used for future telemarketing, SMS text-messaging, e-mails or postal mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and/or status of orders placed online. By using this site, you agree that you may be contacted in any manner contemplated in this section even if your number is found on a do not call registry, in-house list or similar registry. While actual use of any information collected may be used quite conservatively, you must assume that it is not. You must assume that information collected is shared with other persons or entities for commercial purposes. While this is uncommon in practice, you must assume that it is as you make your decision whether or not to view or interact with this website. This type of shared information may include your name, address, phone number, email address and buying habits, as well as other information. This information may be used for general commercial solicitation by this website or other persons it is sold to, rented to, or shared with.
Article 3
Disclosure of Data
If you choose to provide personal information, it will be used for the following purposes:
considering you for a Pro-Tuff Decals service;
as required by law; and
for marketing products and services which we determine, in our sole judgment, that you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share, rent, sell, or otherwise disclose data we collect to third parties. Any third party we share, rent, sell, or otherwise disclose data to will be prescreened by us, determined by us to be reputable, and will use the personal data for marketing products and services which we determine, in our sole judgment, that you might find of interest.
Article 4
Opt-Out Rights
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us and/or our partners by not submitting your information. We also allow you to remove your information from our marketing lists. If you remove your information from our marketing lists it will no longer be used by us to send promotional correspondence to you. You can remove your information from our marketing lists by clicking on the unsubscribe links at the bottoms of emails or sending your request in writing via email to: office@protuffdecals.com
Article 5
We Have NO Intention to Collect Data from Children
The information and services provided to us or our affiliates, sponsors, and advertisers are not intended to collect data from children (under 18 years old). No information collected from children is knowingly used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Pro-Tuff Decals. No part of Pro-Tuff Decals’ web site is structured to collect information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18 you must have a parent or guardian present or leave this site immediately. Fraudulent use of this website may make you subject to civil or criminal sanctions.
Article 6
Our Right to Contact You
We reserve the right to contact you regarding your account status and changes to subscriber agreements, Privacy Policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to you.
Article 7
Our Right to Change This Policy
This Privacy Policy is dynamic. It will continually change. You may not assume that it remains the same and you agree to check the policy each time you visit the site for changes. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the changes online at our site or by notifying you of the existence and location of the new or revised Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to check online for any changes to our policy. Unless, in the sole opinion of the website, this policy changes so drastically as to suggest a posted notification on the site or via email, you will receive no notification of changes to this Privacy Policy nor, under any circumstances, does this site promise notification. Your continued use of this site always evidences your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy or any modifications thereof.
Article 8
Our Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us via email at: office@protuffdecals.com
Article 9
Anti Spam Policy (Can-Spam Act)
By providing to this website information that forms the basis of communication with you, such as an email address, you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited email or spam from this website since, by providing such information, you agree to receive communication from us or other marketing organizations with which we have relationships. If you are a customer or interact with this website by sending an email to the website, or if you communicate with the site by phone or mail, the website collects information about your communication and by communicating with this site you give your permission to collect, archive, retrieve, and otherwise use any information collected as the site sees fit. Any communication which, in its sole discretion, the site deems to be a testimonial, may be publicized for commercial purposes.
Pro-Tuff Decals is dedicated to ensuring compliance with the 'Can-Spam Act', which took effect January 1, 2004. You may receive email from Pro-Tuff Decals in the following circumstances:
Acknowledging your email or purchase or contest entry has been received and requesting additional action:
Requests for additional information to support your request(s) or purchase
Response to your inquiries regarding the status of your transactional requests
Thanking you for your valued business
Advertisements for our products, services, changes in services, new product availability
Advertisements for third party products and services where we have determined that such product or service may be of interest to our customers
To ensure compliance with the Can-Spam Act, Pro-Tuff Decals has implemented the following guidelines for email delivery:
All emails sent to you by Pro-Tuff Decals will clearly identify Pro-Tuff Decals as the sender. The most common form is: FROM / SENDER: someone@ProTuffDecals.com (NOTE: The actual sender will alter from department to department and the FROM field will usually include a relevant name abbreviation, but all from addresses will end with @ProTuffDecals.com
The Subject Line of any email you receive will always accurately describe the subject matter of the email.
Any email from Pro-Tuff Decals will include the ability to unsubscribe from future email messages, excluding customer service emails.
Unsubscribing will ensure the customer is removed from ALL lists at Pro-Tuff Decals; this excludes customer service emails regarding the processing and status of a current product.
Except for customer service emails, all emails sent to you directly by Pro-Tuff Decals include valid postal address information in the footer.
All third party marketing partners are required to comply with the Can-Spam Act.
Except for customer service emails, emails sent to you directly by Pro-Tuff Decals will include an email address and physical address where you can send suggestions, complaints or other correspondence.
In brief, most but not all email communication with you shall contain an 'unsubscribe' link where you may notify the website that you no longer wish to receive solicitations or information from the website and your name will be removed from the general solicitation database.
Article 10
Information Obtained (Electronic Means and "Cookies")
Many websites, including this one, collect information about your computer, your email address, your IP address. You must assume that your web-viewing or web-use activity is monitored, tracked, and information collected. This information is not usually of a personal nature, but it may help define your viewing habits and product preferences even though the website may or may not have any idea who you are.
"Cookies" is web jargon for bits of computer code placed on your hard drive. Websites use this to keep you 'logged in', to keep track of search criteria, to monitor use, to password protect use of the site or use of products sold by the site. Cookies can also be used to obtain information about your computer configuration or your use of your computer.
Cookies can be used to electronically gather information about you. Again, it may or may not be personal information, but it is information and by using this site you are expressly giving permission to use 'cookies' and to use the information gathered from their use to benefit you. You also give permission to collect, archive, retrieve, and use any information collected for product design, product offers to you, and general commercial solicitation purposes by this site or joint venture partners, affiliates, and marketing organizations.
Article 11
Information for Internet Service Providers
Web site: Pro-Tuff Decals
Email Address: office@protuffdecals.com
We understand consumers' concerns over the use of their personal information. We hope this information will relieve any concerns your company may have regarding our email policies. Pro-Tuff Decals and its affiliated sites use only an "opt-in or opt out" method of obtaining customer information, and it is not our policy or desire to send unsolicited email. We obtain email addresses and personal information from third parties that usually follow the same set of policies. Pro-Tuff Decals email messages sent always include information about the origin of the emails and instructions on how recipients can unsubscribe from receiving future email messages.
From time to time, Pro-Tuff Decals will enter into an arrangement with a third party website to allow individuals to opt into our marketing program on those third party websites. In each case the third party websites have represented and warranted to us, among other things,
that the data was collected voluntarily from individuals on website registrations and co-registrations,
that the sellers have a right, under any applicable privacy statements, to transfer the data to us, and
that Pro-Tuff Decals has the right to send marketing offers to the individuals.
We hope this information satisfies any questions or concerns you may have regarding the email practices of Pro-Tuff Decals. If you have additional questions or wish to discuss this matter further, please contact us at: office@protuffdecals.com