http://www.lewishickey.com/legals
Twitter
LinkedIn
Legals
Terms Of Use
Welcome to the Lewis & Hickey website. Before using our website www.lewishickey.com .
we would ask that you read these terms carefully.  We operate this site to promote services supplied by our company. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Website Disclaimer
Lewis & Hickey are committed to ensuring the content of this website is current and correct, however we can not be held responsible for any mistakes or omissions. Your use of this site and its content is at your own risk.
The materials contained on our site are provided for general information purposes only and do not claim to be or constitute legal or other professional advice and shall not be relied upon as such.
We do not accept any responsibility for any loss which may arise from accessing or reliance on the information on this site and to the fullest extent permitted by English law, we exclude all liability for loss or damages direct or indirect arising from use of this site.
Trade Marks
L&H, Lewis & Hickey and L&H Studio are UK registered trade marks of Lewis & Hickey Limited.
Information About Lewis & Hickey
www.lewishickey.com is a site operated by Lewis and Hickey Ltd. registered in England and Wales number 2007297; our registered office is 18 Farnham Road, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 4XA. Our GB VAT number is 440618076. We have UK offices  in Edinburgh, Guildford, Manchester and Nottingham, with two international offices located in Prague Czech Republic  and Mumbai, India. Lewis and Hickey (PRAHA) is registered in the Czech Republic company  number 25053035; the registered address Jecna 1 (2nd Floor) 120 00 Praha 2, Ceská Republika.
Lewis & Hickey Mumbai  is a company registrated in India U74210TN2007PTC065542: the  registered address 52 Janaki Devi Public School Rd SVP Nagar, RSC 2 Andheri West Mumbai 400053, India
Accessing Our Site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Intellectual Property Rights
Lewis & Hickey are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights of this website www.lewishickey.com , and in the material published on it. The copyright in some individual terms, primarily photos and visuals belongs to other parties who have licensed Lewis & Hickey to use them.    Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Privacy Policy
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy.  By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our Liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
• All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
• Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for: loss of income or revenue; loss of business; loss of profits or contracts;
• loss of anticipated savings; loss of data; loss of goodwill; wasted management or office time; and for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Viruses, Hacking And Other Services
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
E-mail Conditions
The information in or attached to emails sent from Lewis and Hickey Ltd is confidential and may be legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, any use, disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken in reliance on it is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received an email communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by return email and delete the email and any copies from your computer and network.
Lewis and Hickey Ltd does not warrant that emails and any attachments are free from viruses and accepts no liability for any loss resulting from infected email transmissions.
No employee or agent is authorised to conclude any binding agreement on behalf of Lewis and Hickey Ltd with another party by email without express written confirmation by a director.
The views and comments within all email communications are those of the sender and not necessarily those of Lewis and Hickey Ltd. Employees of the company are obliged not to make any defamatory statements and not to infringe or authorize any infringement of copyright or any other legal right. The company will not accept any liability in respect of such communication and the employee responsible will be personally liable for any damages or other liability arising.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Links From Our Site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  Lewis and Hickey have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.  When accessing a site via our website we advise you check their terms of use and privacy policies to ensure compliance and determine how they may use your information.
Jurisdiction And Applicable Law
The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Our Site Changes Regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Your Concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact guildford@lewishickey.com
Thank you for visiting our site.