http://www.kuraray.us.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Request more information about Kuraray’s products or services.Contact Us
Kuraray America, Inc.
Privacy Policy for this website: https://www.kuraray.us.com
Updated: November 25, 2019
The following Privacy Policy is available below as well as via pdf (link).
Introduction
Kuraray America, Inc., (“we”, “us”, “our”, or “Kuraray America”) appreciates its clients are concerned about their privacy interests; Kuraray America takes those concerns seriously. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) makes available Kuraray America’s practices regarding the collection and policies regarding the use of your personal information. We use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with you and can be used to identify you. Personal information may include, but is not limited to, the following: name, address, date of birth, gender and contact data (i.e. e-mail address, telephone number and employer name). We urge you to read this Privacy Policy so that you understand our commitment to you and your privacy, and how you can participate in that commitment.
Kuraray America’s Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
We receive and store the information you provide on our website or by other means, like e-mail. You provide and control the personal information Kuraray America collects about you. Your consent, for example, providing personal information through the opt-in forms on this website, creates the legal basis for the collection and processing of your personal information. We conduct our website business, collect, and use (process) your information in the following ways:
Kuraray America collects the information you provide through this website. You provide personal information to Kuraray America by entering information into the “Contact Us” web form on this site. We use the information you submit via our web form to reply to any questions or comments you have about Kuraray America’s products or provide samples.
Kuraray America collects the information you provide in your interactions with us. For example, if you send us an e-mail asking about a product, we will collect your name and contact information so that we can respond to your inquiry. Similarly, if you call us to ask about a product, or submit a purchase order for a product via FAX, or submit a payment, or submit an invoice for a service you provided to Kuraray America, Kuraray America captures, works with, and stores the information you provide to us via these different modes of business communications.
Information collected by the form on Kuraray America’s contact web page, and via the other modes of business communication described above, is similar to the type of personal information that can be found on a business card, for example, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We also ask you to provide information to better direct your request to the correct department within Kuraray America. For example, Kuraray America asks which products you are interest in.
Kuraray America only uses the personal information you provide for internal purposes—we do not sell or rent your personal information. For example, we use your personal information to respond to your request to “Request a Sample” or “Request More Information” about a Kuraray America product or service, sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you provided with the requested information, or contacting you over the telephone using the telephone number you provided, to discuss your request and answer question(s).
Kuraray America reserves the right to share your personal information with its affiliates or its subsidiaries. For example, if a customer calls Kuraray America with a question, but actually was seeking information about a product by an affiliated company to Kuraray America, the customer’s information will be transferred by Kuraray America to the company so that the company can properly address the customer’s question or request.
Personal information is released in circumstances where Kuraray America is required to conform to legal obligations, assist law enforcement, comply with legal process, evaluate violations of Kuraray America’s agreements, to protect Kuraray America from legal action, or to assert Kuraray America’s legal rights.
If Kuraray America is sold, merges with another entity, or enters receivership and sells its assets, Kuraray America retains the right to transfer your personal information for use by the purchasing individual or entity, or to transfer your personal information for use by the new corporate entity created by the merger.
Kuraray America uses data from Google Analytics including information about web pages visited, age, gender, and interests, to better understand the behavior and interests of our customers. Google gathers this information using website cookies (see below for information about cookies). You can opt out of allowing Google to use tracking cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings page (available at https://adssettings.google.com/).You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on (available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).
In addition to the uses described above for the information you provide to us, we may use your personal information to contact you for additional information necessary to respond to your inquiries or fulfill your order; determine if you are satisfied with our service; or communicate information or special offers about our products.
Disclosure of Personal Information Via Links to Third-Party Websites, Services, and Applications
Using our website or services may link to third-party websites, services, and applications. Kuraray America is not responsible for any personal information collected through these means. Information collected is governed through that website’s privacy policy. Any interactions you have with these websites, services, or applications are beyond the control of Kuraray America.
Website Cookies
Our use of cookies and other data collection methods are limited. Cookies are small pieces of information a website transfers to your computer for record-keeping.
We use cookies to facilitate your experience on our website, for example to display website content properly (necessary cookies), to analyze website performance and understand which Kuraray America web pages users visited the most (performance cookies or media cookies), and to remember user preferences or choices between visits to our website (persistent cookies).
Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet, or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all features available through our website. For more information, visit the help page for your web browser or see http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Website Maintenance and Security
Kuraray America’s website employs security measures that are standard in the industry to protect our company assets and your personal information. Because of the ever-changing nature of the Internet and web technologies, security measures can quickly become obsolete and thus we are unable to guarantee that the personal information you provide will never be exfiltrated by malicious actors. We use both internal and external resources to maintain our website, and to provide the technical and physical security that protects company assets and your personal information.
Data Protection and Kuraray America
Your first point of contact if you have questions about our data protection practices or policy is:
Attn: Data Protection
Kuraray America, Inc.
2625 Bay Area Blvd., Suite 600
Houston, Texas 77058
You can also e-mail your request to: KAI.DataPrivacy@Kuraray.com
In your communications, please be clear that you are trying to contact Kuraray America about a data protection concern.
User or “Data Subject” Access Requests
Kuraray America supports your ability to find out what personal information or data we hold about you and how we use it. This ability is called a Subject Access Request. If you (the “Data Subject”) would like a copy of the personal information we maintain about you, please write to:
Attn: Data Subject Access Request
Kuraray America, Inc.
2625 Bay Area Blvd., Suite 600
Houston, Texas 77058
You can also e-mail your request to: KAI.DataPrivacy@Kuraray.com
In your communications please be clear that you are making a Subject Access Request (i.e., address your correspondence to the attention of “Subject Access Request” as indicated above, and include your name and contact information so that we can verify your identity).
You should also contact us at one of the addresses above if you believe there are updates or corrections to your personal information (for example, an address or phone number change request), if you want to restrict Kuraray America’s use of your personal information (for example, a request to stop sending product information e-mails), or a request to delete your information if there is no appropriate reason for Kuraray America to retain your information (for example, requesting the removal of your personal information that you entered via our web form).
Kuraray America also facilitates, at the request of a user, personal information “transfer” or “porting” in structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format like the World Wide Web Consortium’s Extensible Markup Language (XML). This is called data portability, the ability for you to obtain and reuse personal information you have provided to Kuraray America for your own purposes across different services. You can request a portable version of your personal information be sent to yourself, or to a third party.
You can make a portable personal information or data request by writing to:
Attn: Portable Data Subject Access Request
Kuraray America, Inc.
2625 Bay Area Blvd., Suite 600
Houston, Texas 77058
You can also e-mail your request to: KAI.DataPrivacy@Kuraray.com
If you are requesting the transfer of the portable version of your personal information to a third party (e.g., another company), please provide the company name and address to which the personal information should be sent. Please note, a third party cannot make a data transfer request on behalf of a person. The data transfer request must come from you.
Prior to disbursing any personal information in response to a Subject Access Request, we will confirm the identity of the individual making the request. Kuraray America will not disburse personal information until it can confirm the identity of the requestor through reasonable means (for example, identity confirmation by using government issued identification). Kuraray America will work with the requestor to confirm their identity. Personal information is not disbursed until the identity of the requestor is confirmed by Kuraray America.
California User Rights
If you are located in California, you have the following rights with respect to how Kuraray America processes your personal information (as defined under CCPA – California Civil Code Section 1798.140).
(1) You have the right to know what personal information is being collected about you.
(2) You have the right to know the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
(3) You have the right to know whether your personal information is sold or disclosed to third parties and which third parties your personal information is sold and disclosed to.
(4) You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
(5) You have the right to request that Kuraray America erase or refrain from using your personal information.
(6) You have the right to access your personal information.
(7) You have the right to equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rights.
California residents who wish to exercise any of these rights or have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy should contact us using the Data Protection contact information provided above.
EU User Rights
If you are located in the EU, you have the following rights with respect to how Kuraray America processes your personal information.
(1) You have the right to request a copy of the personal information that Kuraray America has about you.
(2) You have the right to request that Kuraray America correct information about you if you believe it to be inaccurate.
(3) You have the right to request that Kuraray America erase or refrain from using your personal information.
EU residents who wish to exercise any of these rights or have concerns or objections about the processing of their personal information should contact us using the Data Protection contact information provided above.
This Is Not a Children’s Website
Kuraray America does not knowingly solicit data from children, and we do not knowingly market to children.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Information privacy and the secure management of data is an evolving area. To meet our ongoing responsibilities, Kuraray America may adjust this Privacy Policy to address new regulations, to reflect improved data management practices, or to adopt new policies related to the privacy of your personal information.
It is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. If we make any material changes a notice will be posted on this page along with the updated Privacy Policy prior to the change becoming effective.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our products, or our website, please contact us by using the contact information provided above.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and this Privacy Policy and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Texas. You waive any objection or defenses to this venue including forum non conveniens.
Miscellaneous
Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the website, the collection, storage, use of your personal information or this Privacy Policy must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Kuraray America’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Privacy Policy shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Kuraray America may assign its rights and duties under this Privacy Policy to any party at any time without notice to you. Kuraray America is entitled to recover all costs and expenses in enforcing this Privacy Policy, including attorneys’ fees.
English
English Portuguese Spanish