http://www.altobollards.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Bollards
Other Products
Recent Projects
Alto Recommends
In the Spotlight
FAQs
Contact
Login
Plastic
Steel
Stainless Steel
Flexible
Telescopic
Timber
Rubber
Polyurethane
Concrete
All Bollards
Our Products
Bollards
Gantries
Sign Posts
Heritage Posts & Rails
Hoop Barriers
Bespoke & Other
Recent Projects
Alto Recommends
In the Spotlight
FAQs
Contact Us
For the Best in Bollards, Barriers, Signs and other Street Furniture.
Privacy Policy
At AltoBollards.com we take your right to privacy very seriously. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
We will deal with any personal information that you provide to us when you use our Web Site in accordance with the provisions of UK data protection laws and GDPR.
When you browse the AltoBollards.com, we may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of Internet browser you use or the web site from which you linked to our web site. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on the Web Site and to improve our search engine ratings.
Cookies
The only persistent cookie we use is the one that tells us that you have seen and closed the cookie warning banner, that links to this page. (Persistent cookies are the types of cookie that remain stored until you manually delete them.)
We do use Session cookies to help you navigate the website but these are temporary and are erased when you close your browser.
Your Personal Information
When you use AltoBollards.com, you may choose to contact us by sending us an e-mail, using one of the forms located on our website. We will use your e-mail address to respond to your query. We may also keep a note of your query to help us answer further questions you may have.
We would also like to retain your e-mail address in order that we can provide you with details from time to time of products and services, which we think, may be of interest to you. If at any time you wish to be removed from our e-mail list please contact us by phone, letter to the address shown below or by e-mail (use the e-mail address sales@AltoBollards.com), simply put unsubscribe in the subject of your e-mail. And any emailshots that we do send will include an unsubscribe link to allow you to do this quickly and easily.
3rd Party Websites
AltoBollards.com may contains links to other sites. These are to provide useful links and information for our visitors and customers. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other web sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the AltoBollards.com and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information from them. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this Web Site.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this web page so our customers and users are always aware of what information we collect from them, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose this information to third parties.
If at any point we decide that we wish to use personally identifiable information collected from our users in a manner that differs from that stated at the time this information was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice whether or not to consent to our using their personal information in accordance with our updated privacy policy.
Unit 23CNorth Tyneside Industrial EstateBentonNewcastle Upon TyneNE12 9SZUnited Kingdom
Sales Telephone:  08000 32 62 92
Email:  sales@altobollards.com
Privacy Policy   |   © Copyright 2020 | Alto Bollards Newcastle Ltd
Website Design Newcastle
Content
Your Questions Answered
We know it's not always obvious which bollard is the right one for your project.
So if you've got any questions at all, please call one of our Sales Team today on:
08000 32 62 92
And we'll talk you thorugh the options
Content
Request Call Back
Simply enter your name and telephone number
below and one of our team will get in touch at a time convenient to you.
Name
Telephone
Time to Call