https://www.batbox.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2020-02-19T15:51:52+00:00
We do not sell or disclose personally identifiable information about our website visitors or clients to any third party. Any personal or private information you supply to us is held in strict confidence. We take all reasonable steps to protect your privacy. No information about visitors or clients will be disclosed unless required by law.
Further details on the Batbox Privacy Policy is available on request via the Contact Us page from the company’s Managing Director.
Get in touch
CONTACT INFO
ADDRESS: Scott Bader Innovation Centre, Wollaston, Wellingborough, Northants, NN29 7RL, UK
PHONE: 01903 816298
EMAIL: sales@batbox.com
WORKING DAYS/HOURS: Mon - Fri / 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Subscribe Newsletter
Get all the latest information on Events, Sales and Offers.
Sign up for newsletter today.
Batbox - Website by Eighty Eight Digital
Home
Products
About Bats
Bat Surveys
Returns And Terms
About Us
News
Contact
Log In
All Categories
Batbox
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about our privacy policy here.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings