http://www.fortbraggfcu.org/privacy-policy
Become a Member
|
Apply for a Loan
|
Make a Loan Payment |
Hours and Locations
×
You have clicked on a link that will take you off the
website. Please note that
has no control of the accuracy of the information nor of the security of the site you are about to visit, and makes no warranty thereof. Thank you for visiting the
website.
CONTINUE
Accounts
Loans
Services
Resources
About Us
Membership
FAQ
Back
Checking
Savings
Investments
MEMBERS Financial Services
Visa Cards
Savings Rates
Back
Vehicle Loans
Home Loans
Credit Building Loans
Other Loans
Business Loans
Payment Center
Loan Rates
Back
Membership Services
Online Services
CU Cars For Sale
Shop For A Car
Insurance
Check Reordering
CO-OP Shared Branching
Utility Deposit Waiver Program
Back
Forms & Disclosures
Welcome
Calculators
Security Center
Military Programs/Life
Transitioning Out of the Military
Back
Contact Us
Message from the CEO
Hours and Locations
About FBFCU
Membership
The Credit Union Difference
Promotions
Newsletter
FAQ
Careers
Online Banking
Login
First Time Logging In?
I can't access my account
Online Banking
Login
First Time Logging In?
I can't access my account
Privacy Policy
FACTS
What does Fort Bragg Federal Credit Union do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
At Fort Bragg FCU, we respect the privacy of our members. We recognize the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of your personal financial information. This notice describes the privacy policy and practices followed by Fort Bragg FCU. This notice explains what types of member information we collect and under what circumstances we may share it.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number, and income
Account balances, transaction history, and credit information
Payment history, assets and investment experience
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Fort Bragg FCU chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Fort Bragg FCU share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions? Call 1(800) 793-2328, send us an e-mail at info@FortBraggFCU.org or write to us at:
1638 Skibo Rd
Fayetteville, NC  28303
What we do
How does Fort Bragg FCU protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also maintain other physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does Fort Bragg FCU collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
•	Open an account • Apply for any for a loan• Use your credit or debit card• Pay your bills• Make deposits to or withdrawals from your accounts• Show your government-issued ID
We also collect your personal information from others, including credit bureaus or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law only gives you the right to limit information sharing as follows:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness Affiliates from using your information to market to youSharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Fort Bragg FCU has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Fort Bragg FCU does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include insurance companies, investment companies and direct marketing companies.
Other Important Information
Notices and “Joint Relationships." Except where expressly required by applicable law, we will provide all notices to the person (member) listed first on any application, agreement or other relevant document with us.
The notice will be mailed to the address noted for said person on the application, agreement or other document.
If this person (member) has agreed to receive notices and disclosures electronically, then we can send all such notices and notifications, to the e-mail or Internet address provided by said person; or we shall post or otherwise give notice by posting a notice, providing a link or using such other electronic methods authorized under applicable laws and/or regulations.
All joint owners, borrowers and guarantors agree to the receipt and sufficiency of any notice or notification sent according to this paragraph.
Modification. The Credit Union reserves the right to modify, change or amend this Privacy Policy and Agreement at any time without notice other than as expressly required by applicable law.
What members can do to help. Protect your account numbers, card numbers, PINs (personal identification numbers), and passwords. In particular, never keep your PIN with your debit card or credit card, as that makes you vulnerable in the event you lose your card or your card is stolen. Use caution in revealing account numbers, social security numbers, etc. to other persons. In particular, if a caller tells you he/she is calling you on behalf of the credit union and asks for your account number, you should beware. Legitimate credit union staff would already have access to that information.
It’s important that the credit union has current information about how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent use of your account, we will attempt to contact you immediately. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know.
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Members. We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For California Members. We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Members. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For Vermont Members. We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing without your authorization, and we will not share personal information with affiliates about your creditworthiness without your authorization.