https://www.bgfoods.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last modified:
August 30, 2017
The site you have entered is operated by B&G Foods, Inc. or one or more of its subsidiaries (collectively,
“B&G Foods”).
We have adopted this online privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) to explain the types of personal information we collect on our websites, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it.
This Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect your personal information.
The use of our websites is subject to this Privacy Policy, the Terms & Conditions posted on this site and applicable laws and regulations.
Your Consent to this Privacy Policy
By accessing our websites, you indicate your informed consent to this Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions posted on this site.
If you do not agree to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy or the Terms & Conditions, please do not use our websites or any services offered by our websites or provide any personal information to us.
Personally identifiable Information and How We Collect It
Personally identifiable information is any information that would reveal specific information about you as an individual.
Examples of personally identifiable information include, without limitation, your name, street address, e-mail address and phone number. B&G Foods only collects this type of information when voluntarily supplied by users. Below are a few examples of how we collect personally identifiable information.
Sweepstakes, Contests, Etc.
We may operate sweepstakes, contests, raffles and similar promotions through our websites that may require online registration. We typically ask you for certain personally identifiable information when you enter and, if applicable, win a sweepstakes, contest, raffle or similar promotion.
We may share this personally identifiable information with third party sponsors of such sweepstakes, contests, raffles and promotions (irrespective of whether it is hosted by us), with service providers
who may assist us with administering the promotions, or otherwise in accordance with the rules applicable to such sweepstakes, contests, raffles or promotions. You should carefully review the rules of each sweepstakes, contest, raffle and promotion in which you participate through one of our websites, as they may contain additional important information about B&G Foods’ or a sponsor’s use of your personally identifiable information.
Insofar as the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of your personally identifiable information conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of such rules shall control.
Recipe Club and Newsletter Registration.
If you choose to register for one of B&G Foods’ recipe clubs or newsletters, you will be asked to submit an e-mail address and other personally identifiable information.
B&G Foods will use this information in conjunction with activities of the recipe club or newsletter, including, but not limited to, e-mailing recipes and newsletters. If, upon registration, you select to receive offers extended to recipe club or newsletter members by B&G Foods and other third parties, your personally identifiable information may also be used by B&G Foods and third parties to provide you with such offers.
E-mails from the recipe club or newsletters will routinely offer you the opportunity to remove your e-mail address from our recipe and newsletter distribution list and/or the distribution list for related offers.
Questionnaires and Surveys.
We occasionally ask visitors to our websites to complete online surveys and opinion polls about their activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us understand the needs of our visitors.
We do not keep any personally identifiable information about you in connection with your participation in a website questionnaire or survey unless you specifically agree to provide this information.
Other Site Features.
We offer visitors to our website various features for their enjoyment, which we change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain personally identifiable information so we can provide you with these features
Cookies and Web Beacons.
Like many companies, B&G Foods uses “cookie” technology and similar devices on and off of our websites to facilitate site-navigation.
"Cookies" are pieces of information that are sent to your browser from a web server and may be stored on your computer's hard drive until removed.
Cookies make it possible for users to avoid logging into websites upon each visit, and their use by commercial websites is common.
Your browser may be reconfigured to either signal the receipt of a cookie or to refuse the acceptance of cookies; however, reconfiguration may affect your ability to properly access and/or use this and many other sites.
B&G Foods uses cookies and similar devices, such as web beacons, to collect non-personal information about users of B&G Foods’ websites, such as (1) a user's IP address, the type of web browser and operating system being used, (2) the pages of the website a user visits and (3) other websites visited after a user leaves our site.
Cookies enabled by B&G Foods do not contain or collect any personally identifiable information.
B&G Foods collects non-personal information in order to monitor usage of and to improve our websites. Accordingly, B&G Foods reserves the right to share information obtained from cookies, web beacons and other similar devices with third parties compiling such information for B&G Foods’ internal use.
How We Use Personally Identifiable Information
When you supply personal information at a B&G Foods website, we will consolidate such personally identifiable information and use it for the purpose for which it was collected (for example, to enter you in a sweepstakes or to fulfill the delivery of a sweepstakes prize or product order) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We may also use it to contact you regarding B&G Foods’ products or promotions as well as other products and services, which may be requested by or otherwise of interest to you (including those we may offer jointly with other companies).
We also use personally identifiable information to keep track of a user's activities on our websites, to improve our marketing, promotional and product development efforts, to statistically analyze website usage, to improve our website features, design and content and to refine our business and marketing strategies.
We may also use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
We may also enhance your personally identifiable information by linking it to data obtained from third parties, such as non-personally identifiable information (e.g., demographic and geographic characteristics) as well as other publicly available data such as census information.
Such enhanced information allows us to provide our users with a more customized experience.
B&G Foods’ primary goal in collecting and using personally identifiable information is to give you a meaningful and customized experience while you are using our websites and to promote our products in a cost effective and efficient manner.
How We Share Personally Identifiable Information
Except as described below, we don’t sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to third parties the personally identifiable information we collect on our websites without your prior consent.
We disclose information where we think it is necessary to investigate or prevent an actual or suspected crime or injury to ourselves or others or where disclosure is required by law.
We also may disclose information in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. We also disclose information to third parties we retain to perform services on our behalf. For example, we hire service providers to help us run promotions, analyze data, fulfill orders you may place and provide customer or consumer service.
These service providers may have access to personally identifiable information about our website visitors if it is needed to perform their functions for B&G Foods, but they are not authorized by B&G Foods to use the information for their own marketing purposes.
On our website, we may conduct joint promotions with other companies. If we conduct joint promotions, all of the co-sponsors may receive the personally identifiable information you submit to participate, and such collection of personally identifiable information will be subject to each co-sponsor’s privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy governs only B&G Foods’ data collection and privacy practices, not those of any co-sponsor.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
If such a sale or transfer occurs, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally identifiable information provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Choice/Opt-Out
We offer you certain choices about what personal information we collect from you, how we use that information, and how we communicate with you. Some areas of our websites provide features that allow you to access and update personal information you have provided there.
Some areas contain features that permit you to register your communications preferences, such as by indicating your preference to receive information about particular types of products.
You may visit the areas of websites where you provided personal information to learn if they provides these features. If they do not, you can contact us as described below in the How To Contact Us section to update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request.
Children’s Privacy
Our websites are intended for the use of visitors of all ages.
We intend to comply with federal laws and regulations that address children’s online privacy, as well as by the guidelines of the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU), a part of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 on our website, except as permitted by legal requirements and the CARU guidelines.
Upon proper identification, a parent may review any personal information we have collected from his or her child if we still have the information in our database.
The parent also may request that the child’s information be deleted from our database and may refuse to permit further collection or use of the child’s information.
If you are a parent and wish to exercise these rights, please contact us as described below.
We encourage parents to monitor, supervise and join their children in online activities.
User Submissions
All comments, ideas, recipes or other food-related information submitted to B&G Foods by users of our websites ("User Submissions") shall be made with the understanding that B&G Foods and/or its agents may have developed or may develop identical or similar items and that User Submissions are not made in confidence.
Upon receipt, User Submissions are to become the sole property of B&G Foods, who shall be entitled to the unrestricted use of same without any compensation due the provider.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites may contain links to other websites that are owned and operated by third parties.
We provide these links solely for your convenience and information.
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of each site you visit.
B&G Foods does not endorse and makes no representation as to the sufficiency, accuracy or completeness of the content or privacy policy of any third-party website to which you may be linked from our websites.
Security
Our websites have security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personally identifiable information under our control.
B&G Foods employs security measures consistent with standard industry practice to help protect against public access to personally identifiable and account activity information collected on and used by B&G Foods at our websites. If you register with one of our websites, personally identifiable information and account activity are also protected through the use of a user name and password.
In order to help maintain the security of your information, you should protect the confidentiality of your user name and password.
Applicable Websites
This Privacy Policy applies to the websites operated and managed by B&G Foods, including but not limited to
www.bgfoods.com; www.accentflavor.com; www.bakersjoy.com; www.bgpickles.com; www.bmbeans.com; www.bearcreekcountrykitchens.com; www.brerrabbit.com; www.creamofwheat.com; www.donpepino.com; www.durkee.com; www.grandmasmolasses.com; www.greengiant.com; www.joanofarc.com; www.laspalmassauce.com; www.lesueurvegetables.com; www.maplegrove.com; www.mamamarys.com; www.mollymcbutter.com; www.mrsdash.com; www.mystaticguard.com; www.ortega.com; www.polanerspreads.com; www.piratebrands.com; www.reginavinegar.com; www.skinnygirldressings.com; www.spiceislands.com; www.sugartwin.com; www.tones.com; www.trappeys.com; www.truenorthsnacks.com; www.underwoodspreads.com; www.vermontmaid.com; www.victoriafinefoods.com; www.weberseasonings.com; www.wrightsmoke.com; and others that may be added in the future.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
B&G Foods reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time.
Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, USA, without regard to its choice of law provisions.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of our websites or would like to access, correct or delete any of your personally identifiable information, you may contact us at:
B&G Foods, Inc.4 Gatehall DriveParsippany, NJ 07054Attn: Consumer AffairsPhone: 1.800.811.8975Or, to contact us electronically, please use this link:
Contact Us