https://www.pccmarkets.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
Welcome to our Web site (Site). Please review this Terms of Use Agreement (the “Agreement”) fully before you continue to use this Site. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. Please also review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices; it also governs your use of the Site. If you do not agree with any of the terms of our Privacy Policy or this Agreement, please discontinue using this Site.
Acceptance of Agreement. You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Agreement with respect to the Site. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior agreements with respect to the Site, the content, and the products or services provided by or through the Site.
Limited License. You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Site for personal, non-commercial purposes, strictly in accordance with this Agreement.
Copyright. This Site and the information contained in it are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other proprietary rights and U.S. and international laws. You may print or download one copy of information from this Site for your noncommercial personal use only, and may not otherwise copy, distribute, modify reuse, repost or use such information without the express written permission of Puget Consumers’ Co-op (“PCC Community Markets”).
This Site is owned by PCC Community Markets. All of the content featured or displayed on this Site, including, but not limited to, still images, text, pictorial works, video images, still images of video, graphic designs, audio recordings, multimedia combinations, and computer programs, including web-based programs (“Content”) is owned or licensed by PCC Community Markets.
Pursuant to the copyright and trademark laws of the United States, you agree:
That you may only download Content that PCC Community Markets designates as offered for download to any single computer a single copy of any Content for personal and noncommercial use.
To not reproduce, distribute, modify, re-post on another Web site (regardless of the server on which the Content is stored), or sell any Content without specific written authorization from PCC Community Markets.
To maintain any and all copyright or other proprietary notices embedded in or attached to any Content.
To refrain from framing or mirroring any portion of the Site.
Content used for any purpose must always maintain unaltered copyright and other proprietary notices. Content may not be re-posted, framed, or mirrored on any other Web sites or computer networks.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THIS SITE, AND ALL INFORMATION ON IT, INCLUDING PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS, ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITH NO GUARANTEES OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. THE INFORMATION AND CONTENT ON THE SITE AND/OR LINKED SITES MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS, AND WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 7.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT ON THE SITE. IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR THE LIKE). THIS SITE AND THE PRODUCTS, INFORMATION AND CONTENT PRESENTED HEREIN WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY.
Registration. In order to utilize certain functionality of the Site, you must complete a registration process. As a registered user of the Site, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as requested by the Site registration form (such information being the “Registration Data”). Upon completing the registration process, you shall receive confirmation of a password and user name. You are not permitted to allow any other person to use your password or user name. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and user name, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or user name. You agree to (a) immediately notify PCC Community Markets of any unauthorized use of your password or user name or any other such breach of security; (b) exit from your account at the end of each session; and (c) defend, indemnify, and hold harmless PCC Community Markets from any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your password or user name.
By registering, you consent to the collection of your data, including, without limitation, Registration Data, by PCC Community Markets and processing of such data by PCC Community Markets in connection with your use of the Site. You consent to the technical processing and transmission involved in your use of the Site, including, without limitation, Registration Data, and you acknowledge that such process may involve (a) transmission of such data over various networks; and (b) modifying such data to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You may post comments and communicate with us, provided the information you post or submit is not illegal, injurious, or objectionable. PCC Community Markets assumes no responsibility for comments posted by our Site users. If you submit any information to or through this Site, such as comments on our recipes, videos or blogs, email communications, or the like, you grant us the right and license to use, copy, modify, and distribute that information in any format, media, or manner we choose. Please see User Conduct and Comment Policy below.
Products and Prices. Prices and promotions posted on this Site, or those sent to customers by personalized email, are good only for the dates and only in the particular store or stores indicated. The promotional information and prices listed on our Site should be accurate, but occasionally we make mistakes. If we do make a mistake, we will correct it as soon as it’s brought to our attention. Occasionally, we run out of a featured item. If that happens, our store will gladly issue a rain check so you can purchase the item at the sale price when it is back in stock.
While we work to ensure that product information is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists. Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our Site. For these reasons you should not rely on the information presented, but should always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product. For additional information about a product, please contact the manufacturer.
Content on this Site is for reference purposes and is not intended to substitute for advice given by a physician, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional. You should not use this information as self-diagnosis or for treating a health problem or disease. Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition. Neither PCC Community Markets nor the manufacturer assumes any liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products.
Linking. This Site links to other Web sites on the Internet. PCC Community Markets is not responsible for and assumes no liability for any mistakes, omissions, falsehood, obscenity, or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content on linked sites. If you believe that we have linked to an offensive Web site, please contact us at
webmaster@pccmarkets.com
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a hypertext link to this Site, provided it is a text-only link which points to one of our domain names, and which displays the Site “full-screen” and not within a “frame” on the linking Web site. Further, the appearance, position and other aspects of any link to this Site must not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with our name, trademarks, and service marks, create the false appearance that we are associated with or sponsor the linking Web site, or present PCC Community Markets in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time in our sole discretion.
Personal Information. Any information you disclose to us (through an online form, email response, etc.) becomes the sole property of PCC Community Markets. For questions about how we use this information, please review our privacy policy.
Registration and commenting on this Site is accessed using email address and password. Keeping your email address and password safe aids in maintaining the security of this system and of your personal information.
User Conduct and Comment Policy. PCC Community Markets wants to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas on the Site. You can expect the Site to include information and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than PCC Community Markets. PCC Community Markets neither endorses nor guarantees the accuracy of any User Content. PCC Community Markets does not preview, censor, approve, edit, or endorse User Content and cannot guarantee that inappropriate material will not be posted. PCC Community Markets may review User Content from time to time and may take steps to remove inappropriate User Content that comes to its attention; however, it engages in no routine monitoring of the Site. There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.
Your reading or posting comments on this Site constitutes your acceptance of the terms of PCC’s User Comment and Conduct Policy outlined below.
Caution: any attempt by any person to deliberately damage the Site is a violation of criminal and civil laws. Should such an attempt be made, PCC Community Markets reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You agree to assume full and sole responsibility for any User Content you post to the Site, and you agree to:
Abide by this Agreement in all respects.
Post User Content that is relevant to and appropriate for the specific topic and designed to help people share information and supports PCC Community Markets’ mission of inspiring people to care about food, wellness, cooperation, education and the environment.
Represent that you are the owner of the User Content, or are making your submission with express consent of the owner, that you have obtained all third party releases and permissions necessary for PCC Community Markets’ use of any User Content that you post, and that nothing you post will infringe on the rights of others.
Neither post nor transmit any unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive User Content, or User Content that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or any other User Content that infringes on the ability of others to enjoy the Site, or is otherwise inappropriate. If you find offensive content, please contact us at webmaster@pccmarkets.com and we will take appropriate action. All information is provided “as-is” with no guarantees or warranties, expressed or implied.
Refrain from posting any personal information of your own such as your email address, phone number, address, etc., and refrain from soliciting personal information from any user.
Neither post nor transmit through the Site any User Content that constitutes advertising or solicitation of your personal business or service.
Not post anonymously or impersonate any other person; and
(i) Make no use that would interfere with or disrupt the Site or servers or networks connected to the Site, (ii) make no User Content available (whether through upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise) that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, and (iii) neither circumvent nor disable any security or data-protection measures implemented by PCC Community Markets.
Changes to this Site. The information on this Site may change at any time without notice. To ensure that you are receiving the most accurate information, please check back here frequently.
PCC Community Markets Terms of Use Agreement last updated: February 17, 2010.