https://www.cleanproguttercleaning.com/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
HOME
GET A QUOTE
GUTTER CLEANING
GUTTER REPAIR
GUTTER GUARDS
GUTTER INSTALLATION
LOCATIONS
QUESTIONS?
BLOG
WORK WITH US
Last updated: March 10, 2020
(“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the
website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://www.cleanproguttercleaning.com
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning
Hours:
Mon-Fri: 830am to 430pm
Saturday: 830am to 230pm
Sunday: Closed
Payments Accepted:
Credit-Debit Cards, PayPal, Check
Why Choose Clean Pro? » Easy Quotes & Scheduling
» Fast & Friendly Service
» Pet & Landscape Safe
» No Need to Be Home for Service*
» Safe & Secure Online Payments
» $2 Million Liability Insurance
» Written 30 Day No-Clog Warranty
» 100% Satisfaction Guarantee
*Not available in all areas.
Helpful InfoGutter Guards – Are They Worth It?
Gutters – Everything You Need To Know
Best Gutter Guards
The Best Way To Clean Gutters
Top 5 Problems Caused by Clogged Gutters
Gutter Repair Cost
Don’t Skip Gutter Cleaning
Reviews
Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning
4.3
Jane Doughty 01:56 18 Dec 19
Absolutely great experience with Clean Pro! Ive been using them for a couple years and they always go above and beyond, their work always comes out looking great and their prices are some of the best. The employees are all very nice people and do outstanding work. I would highly recommend themread more
Jon Peterson 23:41 14 Dec 19
I had the best experience with a service industry you could hope for. Friendly phone people, prompt arrival, quickly cleaned the gutters and the price was very reasonable. Overall I am very happy with the work that was done.read more
Gary Gralak 21:30 11 Dec 19
Love the automation and ease of use! The work performed was top notch as well. We have a LOT of landscaping right next to the perimeter of our house and there was zero evidence that our debris filled gutters were just cleaned! I will definitely be a repeat customer.read more
Randy Norris 02:07 08 Dec 19
They were great!
Showed up on scheduled day while I was out, and he was hard at work when I got home.
Spent quite a bit of time, and took before and after photos of gutters to show me what had been done. Very nice and polite ... couldn’t be more pleased.read more
Amanda Tonelli 15:36 12 Nov 19
Easiest service I have ever set up. Responded quickly. Great price. Showed up and completed the work on time. I would recommend and will be using them again in the future.read more
Michelle Jones 17:49 07 Nov 19
Insanely easy and reasonably priced.
I particularly appreciated having the price quote match the cost exactly and not having to be home during the service. They cleaned up after the job. Very happy!read more
Abbie Peraza 16:50 07 Nov 19
Super easy to set up online. They showed up when they said they would and did a great job! The whole process was seamless and easy! Very good price too.read more
Edward Betts 23:43 06 Nov 19
Excellent job! Very professional in work detail and the customer service was well beyond expectations.
The technician took before and after photos and all I could say was "Job well done." I know where we are looking the next time we need our gutter cleaning.
Job well done guys!read more
Linda Blaylock 14:02 25 Oct 19
I will use Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning for all my gutter repair and cleaning needs!
The technician arrived at the promised time, well-equipped with all that was needed to clean, repair, and flush my gutters.
He even took all debris off my property to dispose!
I will share their information with all my friends, family, and business peeps!
This company knows how to deliver GREAT customer service!read more
Donna 16:32 14 Oct 19
Well, this is most certainly the way to get your gutters all spruced-up! Fabulous, user friendly process for a quote, appointment, service, and payment. Extremely professional team that keeps you in the loop if a schedule change occurs.
They use modern technology with old fashioned politeness to communicate and do business.
A win-win!read more
Brenda Yamen 16:22 26 Sep 19
Fast and easy quote and scheduling, very reasonable price. Their tech showed up on time, did a great job, and was very nice. Will definitely use again.read more
Lauren Schulz 23:24 30 Aug 19
Two technicians came. Very friendly.
My gutters were very full with pine needles.
Even had little trees growing.
They cleaned and flushed out the gutters.
They took six bags of debris away.
I could barely tell that they were there, they did a great job. I was very pleased.
I will have them come back next year.read more
Amber Gibson 14:33 16 Aug 19
Excellent customer service from start to finish! This is one of the best, and easiest, services I have ever used.
I am absolutely amazed at how quick and easy it was to request, schedule, receive and pay for the service.
A job very well done!
Thank you so much!read more
Andrew Wright 15:53 08 Aug 19
My experience with Clean Pro was nothing short of perfect, their phone reps are very knowledgeable, they work with you to get you scheduled at a time that works well for you, and their techs do an amazing job. Our gutters were gross, with years of build up on them, Clean Pro got them looking new again.read more
Josh Burgan 01:36 02 Aug 19
I was working on selling my home in order to upgrade to a bigger one as we have another baby on the way. We called around to a few different places in order to get quotes and ETA on doing the job. Clean Pro had the kindest, easiest to get along with staff, were able to get to us the quickest and were able to get us setup with an appointment. The day of the service they showed up right on time, got the job done quickly, and did an absolutely amazing job.read more
Robert Wolfinger 22:35 18 Jul 19
I engaged this company due to its excellent reviews and lack of response from other companies. They were very easy to work with, scheduling was quick and they kept informed on a couple delays. The technicians did a great job cleaning and getting the gutters flowing again. Price was excellent. I cannot give them 5 stars because they did not do a very good job cleaning up the leaves and such that they cleared from the gutters. They just threw it down into the yard and I had to clean it up after they were gone.read more
Tracy Rausch McDowell 14:35 03 Jul 19
What a great service! Scheduling and paying online was super easy. They were able to come out quickly and when they did I felt they went above and beyond. The gutters were cleaned and inspected, the nice gentleman cleaned off the random leaves and branches that had fallen on our roof after a recent storm. I was really pleased and will use them for our annual cleaning.read more
Carla Estell 12:50 29 Jun 19
The gentleman arrived at a great time.
He answered my questions and completed the job in a timely manner.
Scheduling the appointment was easy, they even changed the original appointment to meet my needs.
Great work, very reasonable prices, customer service is great.
I would use them again.read more
Scott Olander 16:03 27 Jun 19
Very convenient booking and payment options. All online . Also responded very quickly and performed above standards. Considering the size of the job it was reasonably priced. Highly recommend!read more
John Lee 21:03 25 Jun 19
What an easy and efficient service! I have a difficult home that is three-stories tall, so cleaning the gutters is for professionals only. I have hired folks before, but Clean Pro is the best. They even got the really hard parts the other guys skipped over. I loved the efficiency of booking online, too. Excellent!!!read more
Lin Keyes 20:57 07 Jun 19
Super fast scheduling, and wonderful service!! Also, it wasn't an issue for me, but they came out 1.5 weeks early...which was nice. Also, also, they totally went the "extra mile" and cleaned off my front porch that was full of debris from the previous season!! Thanks all for the wonderful service!read more
cj poulos 23:54 06 Jun 19
Representative was courteous and did the work quickly.
The price was great as well.
I will NEVER manually clean my gutters again and will instead use this company.
Excellent!read more
Leo Whaley 17:17 22 May 19
The entire process was done on the net.
They replied quickly to my request and returned an estimate after answering a few questions.
Weather made reschedules possible and the company kept me informed at every step. The two gentlemen arrived at the appointed time and began working.
When completed, they
pointed out other items which warranted
attention not knowing I already had them scheduled.
Most professional.
I will surely give them a call in the future.read more
Sharon Jones 17:32 20 May 19
The response was quick and easy.
It appears that the
gutters were cleaned thoroughly as we got
a quick rain storm and there was no leaking.
My only concern was there was no notification to say they were there.
My home security system caught the activity.
I would have given 5 stars otherwise.
I will use this service again. Thank you!read more
Benjamin Powell 15:19 20 May 19
The actual work was outstanding. Our gutters were visibly cleaner from my perspective, and I'm happy with the pricing. Scheduling, however, leaves much to be desired. They do not provide a time-frame of service, rather just the date. Then, they had to reschedule twice before finally coming out. The rescheduled appointments were only told to us the day of the original appointment, so it was hard to plan around their arrival. If the scheduling system was better serviced, this would be a five-star experience.read more
Heather Jones 20:06 15 May 19
Clean Pro did a great job! they're efficient and friendly. Clean up was great. Didn't even know they'd come until I realized the gutters were clean!Ill be using them from now on.read more
steve botelho 03:08 11 May 19
Professional, straightforward and honest staff. Excellent quality of work from the technician that came out to my house. My gutters look brand new after years of build up. I'd use them again for sure.read more
Doug Stimson 23:40 01 May 19
Technician on time. Well spoken. courteous. Knowledgeable of gutter cleaning and roofing.
Good cleanup.
Took before and after pictures
Job well done. Pricing competitive and quality of work seems to be above the gutter guys we have used in the past.read more
JJJK Poteat-Smith 15:26 30 Apr 19
Appreciated the ease and convenience of online quote, scheduling and payment.
A great time-saver and
we did not have to be at home for estimate or service.
We came home and all the gutters were clean with no gutter crud laying around or landscaping disturbed.
Excellent service.read more
Julie Grove 14:52 30 Apr 19
The service was great, and they did an awesome job. My only complaint is that the crew performed the service a day later that originally scheduled. However, I would use this company again because of the quality of service and also the ease of scheduling.read more
Matthew McMahon 19:41 24 Apr 19
Excellent job and very happy. The technician was polite and professional. Great customer service at a reasonable price and responded quickly via email. Definitely highly recommend and will be using them again.read more
Les Nichols 15:50 16 Apr 19
I've been using Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning for several years.
They provide a quote, schedule the work and most of the time are able to complete the job ahead of their scheduled time (weather permitting).
Great service at a reasonable price.read more
Rob Kerfoot 21:09 13 Apr 19
They were there when they said they would be. Cleaned my messy gutters and cleaned up after themselves. Fast and reliable service, and a really fair price. Will certainly use their services again next year! Payment system online is a little wonky, but great service at a fair price. Highly recommend them!read more
Dixie Harrison 13:31 10 Apr 19
I am a happy customer.
I have used this service several times.
All quotes, scheduling, and payment takes place online. assigned workers have been polite and efficient. I have special requests because my dogs cannot be let out of the backyard fence.
As long as I mention this in the special notes section of the schedule confirmation, they are very conscientious!
I can highly recommend Clean Pro.read more
Gunner Girl 15:23 04 Apr 19
Great customer service and quick replies to questions before service. Quickly received a quote. Basically did it all online, they crew came out and did the job fast. They sent an invoice after, paid online...bingo bango...done! Best gutter cleaning experience ever! Quality work!read more
Brad Goodman 20:47 03 Apr 19
Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning responded promptly to my request.
They had someone out the next day to clean my gutters.
They did an excellent job.
I will definitely contact them again for future gutter needs.read more
Tom Karalis 22:04 01 Apr 19
Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning did an outstanding job.
They were able to come out a few days early and were very competitive in their pricing.
When they left - everything was clean and picked up.
No traces of leaves or anything from the cleaning.
We had a huge storm a few days ago and had zero over-flooding from my gutters.
Will definitely use them again in the Fall.read more
Mark Perou 14:24 26 Mar 19
The on-line estimate provided and the cleaning service that followed were both handled easily and quickly. The worker that performed the work was polite and professional. Before and after photos were provided to assure the gutters were properly cleaned. I would definitely recommend the company for this service and I will use again when necessary.read more
Nichole Haar 14:29 25 Mar 19
Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning was fantastic to work with.
I was able to get a quote quickly, and I was able to make my appointment for service online.
They arrived exactly when promised, and they were very friendly and efficient.
They did a great job.
I highly recommend Clean Pro!read more
Jonathan Bame 15:23 22 Mar 19
Everything was really easy to do online, it was scheduled and taken care of quickly.
Overall, this was an excellent customer experience, and the price was very reasonable.
I thought that getting my gutters cleaned would be more involved.
But i didn't even have to make a single phone call!read more
George Jury 03:36 13 Mar 19
Showed up 1 day earlier then scheduled. Did a great job of cleaning my gutters. Would recommend to anyone. Very happy.read more
Jamie 21:58 06 Mar 19
Quote, schedule and clean were completed in less than a day. Pictures were provided so I can see the results remotely. It was excellent.read more
Anne R 15:07 26 Feb 19
Great service.
A very competitive quote was provided and once accepted, service was very quick.
Roger came out to clean the gutters and did a very thorough job - he even took before and after pictures to show us that the job was done properly.
Very impressed.
Payment was made online after service was completed and was exactly per quote.
Would definitely use again!read more
Suzi Parron 14:26 25 Feb 19
I have used them twice now for my rental property.
They do a great job--excellent pricing and quick service and easy to pay online.
I highly recommend this company!read more
Raymond Merrithew 19:44 21 Feb 19
Loved that all arrangements could be done online. Estimate, scheduling and payment. Price was reasonable, didn't have to be home for work to be done they did a great job. They came earlier than originally scheduled because they had an opening. Everything completed after just three days from starting online inquiry.read more
Karl Fisher 19:48 25 Jan 19
First, I loved that this was all done by email.
I didn't have to get on the phone with anyone.
They responded quickly and even came out a few days earlier than they were scheduled.
I didn't have to be home, either.
Marvin did our gutter cleaning and he was so nice and very professional.
Will definitely call them next time I need gutter cleaning!read more
Brooke Johnson 01:44 25 Jan 19
Extremely pleased with ease of booking and cleaning of my gutters. This company is focused on customer service and I will definitely use them in the future! Arrived home to perfect gutters and zero mess was left behind. Thank you!!read more
Melody 14:41 23 Jan 19
Fast, efficient service. I booked easily online and had a technician at my house in less than two hours (though it was in the middle of winter, so a less busy time of year). They do a great job at a reasonable price. Highly recommended!read more
Steve Vega 14:20 11 Jan 19
Outstanding customer service and timely response!!! They went above and beyond with their work. Highly professional and reasonably priced! They even brought to my attention two issues with my roof, ultimately saving me a lot of money.read more
Lesley Jordan 14:34 07 Jan 19
Scheduling was smooth, the appointment time was maintained and the cleaning was done quickly and thoroughly. The quoted price was honored and paying the online invoice made for a very streamlined process from start to finish. Very kind, observant and skilled technicians. Will look forward to working with CPGC again!read more
Matthew Robertson 19:26 03 Jan 19
Very easy to deal with. Gave a reasonable quote on-line quickly and honored it. Guy came a day earlier than scheduled and diligently finished the job. Everything looks clean and professional.read more
E Reynoso 13:25 23 Dec 18
Responded quickly via email.
Honored price quote provided and completed service as scheduled.
Great work!read more
William J Hayden 16:07 20 Dec 18
The crew arrived and cleaned out all of the gutters and also cleaned up the debris from the yard.
And, they did it at a fair price.
Additionally, it was easy to get a free quote on-line using their service.
I will hire this company again.read more
Richard Meshell 14:53 20 Dec 18
I've used this company a few times now. Compared to the people I've had clean our gutters in the past, these guys have done the best job of any and know what they are doing. I've had people in the past that come out and blow out the gutters but do a ton of damage to the roof, so it is worth it to get the right people out there.
Scheduling is super easy,
they've always arrived in their date range, and work very quick. They also do a great job to cleaning up afterwards, which is appreciated.read more
Terri Bowers 20:55 13 Dec 18
Super easy and convenient. Used the company in Knoxville twice. Easy scheduling online and payment also. Gutters done and no mess.read more
will gregory 17:34 12 Dec 18
This was a perfect experience. Entered my home info online got a quote very quickly. Job was scheduled a week out but was completed in less than two days. Got an invoice and was able to pay online. Very pleased and I will use them again!read more
Soo Lee 16:26 02 Dec 18
I have used Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning services twice now and each time they have provided great service.
They are extremely prompt and timely in getting the gutters cleaned.
I wasn't home the second time they sent out workers, but they were able to provide "before and after" photos confirming the work was done.
Pricing is reasonable.
They base the pricing on the sq footage of the house, so I feel the pricing is not outrageous.
Give them a try....you won't be disappointed! =)read more
Kwasi Denkyira 11:44 30 Nov 18
The technician came a day before the scheduled date. Did a thorough cleaning. I am going to use them forever. Highly pleased with the jobread more
Lilian Bürgler 13:35 10 Oct 18
I used their online form and got an immediate quote, which they honored. They took there time and did the job right. My gutters look brand new. The techs were very personable and responsive. I will definitely want a service contract with these people.read more
Suzi Smith 20:36 11 Jul 18
This company is amazing!
Quick to respond to my request, service was completed immediately and they did a great job.
I just wish I had found these folks sooner, as getting the gutters done has always been a hassle.
Best customer service I have experienced in a while--from any company!read more
Rosemary S. 10:18 28 Jun 18
I used the Clean Pro Gutter Cleaning in Charlotte, NC.
The appointment was booked online and they were prompt in confirming.
They were able to give me an accurate estimate without visiting the house first.
We did not have to be home for their visit and an invoice was sent via email.
The gutters were cleaned and they cleaned up and disposed of the waste afterwards - they did not simply just throw it on the ground. We are very happy with their service and will use them again in the future.read more
Courtney Centner 18:37 27 Jun 18
Your online quote tool, email scheduling, and web-based payment processing made everything so easy—thank you! And I really appreciated the guys who came to clean the gutters, too. They did a thorough job and ensured they cleaned up the debris that fell on our deck after. Thank you!read more
James O'Keefe 00:04 13 Jun 18
"I thought the entire process was efficient in getting the quote and getting the scheduling. A friend had told me about the company and that they do the cleaning by hand which is much safer and complete compared to other companies who use pressure washer. Very satisfied and will use Cleanproguttercleaning in the future.".read more
Brenda Hay 20:22 12 Jun 18
"I was very happy with your process for scheduling, notification of completion, and billing. It rained heavily last evening. I took an umbrella and walked around the house and was happy to see the water rushing out the spouts instead of off the sides! Thank you so much. Also, had you not sent me a notice that the work had been done, I would not have been the wiser. There was absolutely no mess on or around the house. --bhay"read more
Chadd Fuemmeler 19:20 12 Jun 18
So far so good. Need a good rain to verify but I am sure they did what they said. Very easy to work with.read more
Deborah Painter 13:32 12 Jun 18
"I thought the service
provided was very good, fast and timely. The man who cleaned the gutters was very thorough, conscientious
and very courteous." I was able to get a quote online and there was no bait and switch, no talking you up to getting a whole new gutter system.
I paid for cleaning and that is what was provided.
Will definitely use their services again.read more
Maggie Adkins 20:48 05 Jun 18
The person who cleaned the gutter did a great job. He even cleaned off the roof which was covered in branches. Incredible service. Also scheduling was very simple and straightforward. Thank you.read more
Evan Joslin 20:18 28 May 18
They were fantastic. They came on-time, did a nice job and charged us the price they quoted. I would definitely use them again and recommend them to a friend.read more
Ritchie Huffaker 19:37 20 Apr 18
"The team came a few days before the scheduled date which was great. Was present when work order was completed. Only took them 20-30 mins to complete all the gutters. Upon completion, went around the home to inspect the work. They did a PERFECT job and didn't leave any debris from the gutters anywhere on the grass or gardens. Really worth every penny! Will defiantly use your service again in the fall. Thank you for outstanding service!!!".read more
Matthew Campisi 14:13 13 Mar 18
I've used this company several times, and have almost always had a great experience. The one time I had a problem with the service, the company responded immediately with a full credit on the invoice. I was very impressed with the response and good attitude shown by this company when one contractor didn't live up to expectations. Every other time I have used Clean Pro, the service has been fast, very clean, and done at a reasonable price. I highly recommend them.read more
Jean Coffey 04:51 19 Feb 18
I am a first time user of your service and was pleased how smoothly and quickly it went.
Michael the Technician called as requested before arrival, was polite, and spent an hour cleaning the gutters.
He did a good job.
The price for this service was reasonable too.read more
Lana Lockhart-Ezzeir 01:47 31 Jan 18
"I love the online communication. I have a busy day and loved that everything was done online. I was charged what the quote stated. I also thought it was a good idea to leave the leaves that were in the gutter so that I could see what is up there. I never had any idea that that many leaves get in the gutters. I would also like to say that the evaluation of our gutters and rooftop were an added bonus. Emails and even a text were sent with important information due to unexpected sub-freezing temps with snow that delayed service. Once the weather was better - I received prompt service. Thank you for your excellent communication and service. Lana".read more
Marion Broglie 18:37 27 Jan 18
Frances was very patient with me. She communicated expertly, answering all of my questions and keeping me informed throughout the process. Octavius worked very hard for three straight hours and did an excellent job. He was also pleasant and provided superb customer service. Based upon my experience with these two wonderful representatives of your company, I will happily hire you again. This has been one of the best experiences I have had in the 20+ years of owning my home.read more
Tom Cosgrove 17:44 12 Dec 17
Work was done very well and within 2-3 hours of my contacting CleanPro. I was very satisfied with the work done and the price was well worth the effort to clean our roof & gutters. I will definitely use CleanPro again next year. I highly recommend the company.
Tom Cosgroveread more
Damon Sacra 01:07 23 Nov 17
Very prompt scheduling. Always do an excellent job. Highly recommended.
Isela Ramirez 13:09 17 Nov 17
I submitted a request for a quote/estimate online, and sure enough, I got a response within 15 minutes. The price was extremely fair and competitive so I went ahead and submitted a request for service. I needed my gutters to be cleaned as soon as possible and they made it happen. They were at my residence (Richmond, VA) that same day, no extra fees, just efficient and convenient service. Their online request system and payment is very user friendly. I would definitely recommend them without reservation and will be using them in the future.read more
Michael Tuckness 17:40 21 Oct 17
Fantastic job! Very professional and completed in a short time. The payment/invoice process is fast and the 30 day warrantee is a nice add-on.read more
Blizzard Lin 19:07 29 Sep 17
I'm very satisfied with the service and efficiency. The cleaning person shows up 3 days early but since I don't need to be home. It work out perfect for me. Thank you.read more
Andrew Vandeventer 15:48 13 Sep 17
One of the best service experiences I have had.
These guys do great work at a great price!
Highly recommend to anyone!read more
Steve Roberts 15:09 04 Sep 17
Great job all around! Easy to order, technician got job done earlier than scheduled, pictures were provided (upon request) showing gutters had been cleaned. Thank you for your excellent service - I will definitely use you again.read more
Steve A 10:39 04 Sep 17
James Rosenbaum did a fantastic job cleaning out my gutters I have to admit, they were in desperate need of cleaning and he cleaned them better than any others that have done it in the past. He was very nice and very professional. I appreciate his hard work and dedication to doing a thorough job!read more
Lisa Palese 21:34 05 Jul 17
"Simply excellent- easy to schedule, easy to pay- great communication! And the gutters are sparkling clean without one tiny piece of debris.".read more
Paul Gray 19:21 09 Jun 17
Quick and easy quote, good price, prompt reply, great service!
Very professional and courteous technicians!
Highly recommend!read more
Sydney Stinson 22:17 08 Jun 17
I just had my gutters cleaned today by Clean Pro in Folly Beach, SC.
The service provided was excellent.
I went on line to schedule the cleaning - got a quick return quote (excellent) and an appointment was scheduled.
They showed up a day EARLY to get the job done.
While cleaning the gutters the serviceman (Randy Claudio) noticed that I had a damaged roof shingle presumably from the hurricane that came through here last October; I had not previously noticed the damage.
After pointing it out I said something about having a roofer come by to fix it - Randy took care of it while on the ladder.
Now THAT is service.
I will tell everyone I know who needs their gutters cleaned in the Charleston, SC area about Clean Pro.read more
Angela Kelly 19:37 25 May 17
Very easy to obtain a quote online. Very reasonable. The gentleman who clean ed our gutters worked so hard. He was so nice. He deserves a raise!
We will recommend to everyone in our neighborhood!read more
amelda butler 12:13 19 May 17
"I was surprised at how quickly I got the online estimate and then scheduled for the work. There really is no way for me to make sure all the gutters were cleaned properly since I wasn't at home at the time but the tech did leave me a note explaining some issues he found & was quick to call me back to explain."
I would use this service again.read more
David Wilson 01:44 06 May 17
"Our technician did a great job. I think his name is Jesus. He spent a good amount of time on each side of the house and when he was finished he showed me the before and after pictures he took with his cell phone. Nice touch as it's good to get visual confirmation of what the gutters actually look like. Thanks!".read more
See All Reviews
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy