http://www.robbinsinstruments.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for our website - at https://www.robbinsinstruments.com
Collection –
We are the sole owners of the information that you voluntarily give us via email or direct contact with you.
Use –
We will not share your information with any third party other than processing and shipping your order. We may contact you via email to inform you about our specials, new products or services.
Information Control –You can contact us via email or phone to see what data we have to change, correct or delete.
Security – When we collect sensitive information (credit card data) it is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. Our computers and servers are kept in a secure environment. Employees who need the information for billing, shipping or customer service have access to this information.
Orders – You must provide your name, billing and shipping address and financial information (credit card number, expiration date and cvv code) to process your order.
Browser – A browser is an application that operates over the Internet, interpreting information files and web sites so that we can read it. The most popular browsers are Internet Explorer and Firefox.To best view our website, we suggest you to update your browser frequently. A pop-up window for updates will appear every once in a while or you can update by downloading the latest version of your browser by clicking on the link that is seen on your browser's main page.
Cookies – We use “cookies on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a visitor’s hard drive to help us improve their access to our site and identify repeat visitors. We use a cookie to identify you, so you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
How do I change the settings to be able to shop on Robbins Instruments, Inc.? – The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to set your browser to accept new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can modify the settings for similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
Sharing – We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond processing your order.