https://www.hifisystemcomponents.com/about/privacy-policy.html
Where To Buy
| View Basket:
items
Need Help? Click hereCall (UK) 01909 568739
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
To comply with GDPR, the Data Protection Act, and privacy laws around the
world we have compiled the following privacy policy to reassure our
visitors and customers that their data is not being used by us other
than as shown below...
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter,
respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail
address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
We will only send periodic emails if you have double opted-in to our news and info letters as required by GDPR.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, but will not now be used to send occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails (not replies to your enquiries), we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each newsletter or info letter email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
Our online transactions are handled via Secure Roman Cart and PayPal via their secure server.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
We advise you do not leave more information than necessary on your membership profile to log-in on our forum
Although your log-in information is only accessible by our own administration staff, there is always the possibility it could be hacked into. Therefore we advise your password should be unique to the forum.
Any data collected from submission/s of website form/s are transmitted in encoded form and will be stored offline and taken off our online computers at the earliest opportunity.
Do we use cookies?
See our Cookie Policy
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of United States COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
Online As Well As Offline Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website and to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also see our Terms and Conditions (available on request) section establishing the use, disclaimers,
and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may wish contact us using the contact form.
Copyright © 1998
HiFi System Components Ltd