https://www.accent.ac/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
FOR ACCENT SERVICES LIMITED
UPDATED – 23 MAY 2018
We take your privacy very seriously and under no circumstances will we share your details with any third parties. That’s a promise.
Overview
Accent Services Limited is committed to keeping personal information accurate and secure. This Privacy Statement details what happens to personal information we collect directly from you, through our website or through any other form of communication with us.
What choices do I have about how my data is used?
You may opt out of receiving information from us by e-mail, telephone, fax or post.
To exercise your choices, indicate your wishes on the registration form, unsubscribe using the link in our emails, call 01932 765648, or email us at info@accent.ac
You may request a copy of the information held about you by writing to: Accent Services Limited, Unit 17, Shepperton Business Park, Govett Ave, Shepperton, Middlesex, TW17 8BA.
Where do you process data?
We process data at our office: Unit 17, Shepperton Business Park, Govett Ave, Shepperton, Middlesex, TW17 8BA. We apply UK data protection law to our processing.
Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) is responsible for ensuring compliance with the Regulations and with this policy.
That post is held by Ian Marriott (Managing Director)
Email: ian.marriott@accent.ac
Telephone: 01932 765648
Any questions or concerns about the operation of this policy should be referred in the first instance to the Data Protection Officer.
About this policy
The types of information that we may be required to handle include details of current, past and prospective employees, subcontractors, suppliers, customers, and others that we communicate with. The information, which may be held on paper or on a computer or other media, is subject to certain legal safeguards specified in the General Data Protection Regulations 2018 and other regulations. The Regulation imposes restrictions on how we may use that information.
This policy sets out our rules on data protection and the legal conditions that must be satisfied in relation to the obtaining, handling, processing, storage, transportation and destruction of personal information.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
How you can reach us
Telephone: 01932 765648
Email: info@accent.ac
OR SEND US A MESSAGE
Copyright Accent Services 2020. All rights reserved.
Unit 17, Shepperton Business Park, Govett Ave, Shepperton, Middlesex, TW17 8BA
01932 765648 / info@accent.ac
Website Design by clevercowdigital.uk
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Statement