https://www.abstractionrecords.co.uk/privacy
Abstraction Records, LLC - Data Protection and Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 24, 2018
1. Introduction
This policy covers all personal data collected and retained both directly by Abstraction Records, LLC and on behalf of Abstraction Records, LLCs clients.
The Purpose of this policy is to make sure the company complies with all current US and European data protection laws, as well as to ensure sensitive information provided to the company by it's clients and other third parties is protected to the best of our abilities.
As part of this policy Abstraction Records, LLC is committed to the following:
Abide by all current US and European data protection laws
Inform relevant parties within 72 hours of any data breach becoming known to the company
As far as possible collect only that data which is required to carry out the company's business and that of its clients
Note that this policy covers the rights of individuals and relates to their personal data that we process. The rights of companies and other non individuals, and
data which is not classed as personal may differ, as governed under current US and European law.
In many cases Abstraction Records, LLC will be acting as a data processor on behalf of it's clients, who will be the data controller, and as such many of the legal rights and obligations relating to
your personal data will ultimately lay with that third party data controller.
2. Who we are
Company name: Abstraction Records, LLC
Address: 32456 Crown Valley Parkway, Unit 206, Dana Point, California 92629, United States of America
Phone: +13104671951
Through out this document we may use the terms "we", "us" and "Abstraction Records" to refer to Abstraction Records, LLC, the company.
3. Collecting data
When collecting personal data that we control we rely on the following legal basis:
Consent: We will specifically ask you if we can use your data, and explain to you how it will be used e.g. promo or newsletter opt in consent.
Contractual obligations: If we need to use your data in order to carry out business relating to an existing contract or business relationship we have with you e.g. collecting payment details in order to pay artists.
Legal Compliance: We may need to collect and pass on certain details to meet legal obligations e.g. your country of residence for tax purposes.
Legitimate interest: In some situations we collect data in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. e.g. storing your IP addresses to prevent fraud.
4. Security
We take the security or all data we hold seriously, the following outlines some of the precautions taken to ensure the security of data held by the company, it is not an exhaustive list:
All client systems are protected by SSL encryption.
Sensitive data (such as passwords and payment details) stored on Abstraction Records, LLC servers is encrypted before storage.
Client data will not be transferred to 3rd parties unless prior written consent is given by the client, it is required by law, or is required to undertake business activities as previously agreed with by the client.
Data should only be accessible to those who are authorised to view it, in most cases this is achieved via username and password access restrictions e.g. to databases and client systems.
All data used as part of the operation of client Abstraction Records, LLC systems is stored on servers hosted within the EU and operated by companies who comply with current US and European data protection laws.
5. What data we process and how
The below lists the types of personal data we may process, why we process them, the legal basis for processing them, and how long the data will be stored for.
Note that where Abstraction Records, LLC is acting as the data processor for a third party data controller, the third party controller may chose to process your data differently in each case, please
refer to their own privacy and data protection policies to confirm this.
Use Case
Data Collected
Legal Basis
Retention
Demos
Email Address, Name, IP Address, Contact Details (e.g. Phone number, Skype, etc), Address, Online / Social Media presence (e.g. Website, Facebook, YouTube channel, etc)
Consent
Until Consent is removed (unless requested otherwise)
Promos
Email Address, Name, IP Address
Consent
Until Consent is removed (unless requested otherwise)
Accounting
Email Address, Name, Address, Payment Details
Contract
Until requested by individual only if Abstraction Records, LLC terminates the contract
Artists
Email Address, Name, Gender, Biography, Images, IP Address, Contract Details (e.g. Phone Number, Skype, etc)
Contract / Legitimate interest
Until requested by individual only if Abstraction Records, LLC terminates the contract
Website System Users (Employee Portal)
Email Address, Name, IP Address
Contract
6 months after Employment contract is terminated
Newsletters
Email Address, Name, IP Address
Consent
Until Consent is removed (unless requested otherwise)
Client Details
Email Address, Name, IP Address, Payment Details, Contact Details (e.g. Phone Number, Skype)
Contract / Legitimate interest
Until requested by individual if they are no longer in a contract
Store Purchases
Email Address, IP Address, Name, Address
Legitimate interest
Until requested by the individual
6. Your rights
As an individual you have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing.
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
Note that in very few cases Abstraction Records, LLC will be acting as a data processor on behalf of its clients, who will be the data controller. In these cases while Abstraction Records, LLC will do it's best to facilitate
the access to as well as removal and correction of your personal data, final legal responsibility for this may lie with the data controller.
Note that in some cases we may be allowed to continue to store and processes your data if we have a legitimate requirement to do so, in such cases we will only keep as much data as is required to carry out those requirements.
Note that even after un-subscribing from some services, we may keep your details on record to enable us to identify past relationships where there is a legitimate interest to do so e.g. if you unsubscribe from a news letter we may store your email address so we know not to re-add you in future. In these cases you can request full removal of your data (other than where a legitimate requirement to store it remains) by emailing us at info@abstractionrecords.co.uk
7. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns relating to how we handle your data, please feel free to email us at info@abstractionrecords.co.uk
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. To learn more, please have a look at our Cookies Policy and our Privacy Policy.
I agree