http://www.agfirst.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Marketing Bringing your campaigns to life
Customer Relationship Management Tracking and managing the deal
Loan Origination Providing lending solutions
Credit Analysis Solutions for lending decisions and compliance
Loan Servicing Loan accounting and servicing solutions
Financial Reporting and Analysis Accurate, consistent reports
Online Banking and Cash Management Easy, on-the-go banking
Enterprise Platforms Supporting business functions
Security Keeping sensitive data secure
Infrastructure and Network Reliable network built to grow
Human Resources Staffing for success
Association Relationship Management Bridging the gap
Welcome to AgFirst careers Overview of working at AgFirst
Find a job Search for a career at AgFirst
Our brand and culture Dedicated to agriculture -- and you!
Our benefits and rewards Striving for balance and well-being
Browse
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NOTICE: This is AgFirst Farm Credit Bank's general privacy policy. Click here for information specific to the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Commitment to Privacy
At AgFirst, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Your privacy is a top priority in all aspects of our business. We have taken great care in establishing, implementing, and reviewing policies, procedures, systems and controls designed to safeguard private information and prevent its disclosure to unauthorized parties. Our employees are trained on their responsibilities to protect confidential information.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
AgFirst does not collect any personal information about you when you visit our website unless you give us that information directly. AgFirst will never send email messages that request confidential information, such as account numbers, passwords or PINs.
Similar to other websites, the AgFirst website utilizes “cookies.” A cookie is a small amount of text maintained by your Web browser and may be stored on your computer. The use of cookies is to track navigation through our site to gather and provide statistical information about viewed pages. This information helps AgFirst determine areas of interest and serves as a source for possible future enhancements. AgFirst only automatically gathers and stores the following information about your visit to our website:
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
Uniform Resource Locator (URL) visitor connected from
Browser type
Page(s) visited
Authenticated username
If you are concerned about cookies, you can set your Web browser to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer.
Information Collected from Emails and Web Forms
If you complete one of our interactive forms or submit an email through our website, your information will be used as described at the point of collection. It will be seen and used only by the appropriate AgFirst personnel and will not be provided to anyone or company outside of the AgFirst Farm Credit System. If you choose not to provide any requested information to AgFirst via the online capabilities provided (email or Web forms), please contact us by calling 803-799-5000, ext. 2611, or by writing to us at AgFirst PO Box 1499, Columbia, SC 29202.
Third Parties
AgFirst may use third party suppliers and/or service providers to facilitate our services. For example, we may outsource one or more aspects of our website to a supplier or service provider who performs services according to our requirements. In all cases, AgFirst does not permit any suppliers or service providers to disclose or sell your information to third parties.
Legal Requirements
Federal or State law, or regulations, may require us to disclose confidential information in certain situations. Such situations include requests from law enforcement agencies or criminal or civil legal proceedings. We reserve the right to disclose any information we deem necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including personally identifiable information.
Security and Intrusion Detection
For website security purposes and to ensure that this site remains available to all users, traffic on the site is monitored to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or cause disruptions or damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the law.
External Links - Weblinking
AgFirst may provide links to independent websites maintained by various federal agencies or other organizations, solely as a benefit to our customers. These other sites may have their own policies, which AgFirst does not control, and thus are not addressed by our policy. While we do our best to provide you with helpful, trustworthy resources, we do not endorse, approve or guarantee information, products, services or recommendations provided at any of the sites to which we have provided links.
AgFirst is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any of these linked sites, nor are we responsible for any loss or damage resulting from the use of any linked websites. We are not liable for any failure of products or services advertised or provided on these linked sites. We offer these links on an "as is" basis.
When you visit a linked website provided through our site, you will no longer be protected by our privacy policy or security practices. You should always familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and security practices of any website you visit.
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding the links provided on our website, please call 803-799-5000, ext. 2611, or send an email to customersupport@agfirst.com.
Suspicious Activity
Email and internet-related fraudulent schemes, such as “phishing,” are being perpetrated with increasing frequency, creativity and intensity. You should promptly report suspicious activity or email communications to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Send the actual email you received to uce@ftc.gov. If you believe you have been scammed, file your complaint at ftc.gov, and then visit the FTC's Identity Theft website ftc.gov/idtheft to learn how to minimize your risk associated from identity theft.
If you receive a suspicious message that appears to be coming from AgFirst, or discover a potentially phony AgFirst website, please let us know by calling 803-799-5000, ext. 2611, or by sending e-mail to  customersupport@agfirst.com so that we may take appropriate action.
Effective Date
This policy was last modified in December 2012. When we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy.