http://www.zincworld.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
The International Zinc Association (“We”) have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. Your right to privacy and data security is a primary concern. This privacy statement sets out the basis on which any information we collect from you, or that is provided to us, will be processed by us.
Please find below further information regarding the data you provide us and your rights in relation to the provision of such data.
Information Gathering And Usage
Your Rights
Security
Opting Out
Contact Details
Changes In This Privacy Statement
INFORMATION GATHERING AND USAGE
Your personal data
We intend to give you as much control as reasonably possible over your personal data (information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, telephone numbers, postal address, etc.). There are times when we may need to collect and process personal data from you in order to service your needs. Set out below is a list of the types of personal data we might collect from you and the purposes for which we would use it.
Types of Information
Purpose
Name, company, title, phone, address and email address
Activate your role within the Membership of your company in IZA
Join one or more of IZA Committees/ Working groups
Receive IZA materials and communications: meetings invitations; meetings documents; IZA and industry reports; conferences announcements and registrations;  newsletters and Highlights from IZA activities.
We will only collect personal information from you when we need this information in order to provide a service to you.  In such instances, failure to provide your personal data may mean that we are not able to provide services you requested.
Where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, please be aware that you may object to our processing your personal data in this way at any time. If you do so, we will log your objection, stop processing your data for direct marketing purposes, and we will not contact you again.
Your consent
Before collecting any personal information from you, we will generally ask you for your consent.  We may request this consent in varying forms, such as, by asking you to tick a box on a form (or when visiting our website) or by asking you to provide a written or oral statement.
You may update your contact details and preferences or unsubscribe from any of the communications indicated above at any time by contacting Mrs Randa Chart (email: gdpr@zinc.org; phone: +32 2 776 0078).
Please note, however, that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on the consent you grave prior to withdrawal.
Processing your data for our legitimate interests
In some cases, we will process your personal data for our legitimate interests, rather than seeking your consent. This is largely so that we can efficiently provide you with services without having to seek individual consent for everything we do (or where in some cases it might not be possible for us to seek your consent). We will, however, always provide you with information on our data processing activities on request and from time to time. For example, we may process your personal data:
In order to provide you with the service you have requested;
Where we want to market a new service to you; or
Where a new form of processing would be more efficient.
Before undertaking such processing, we will consider your rights and freedoms and will only commence such processing where we do not think your rights will be .
Information sharing
We may share the personal data that you provide us to our service providers, to the extent necessary for the purpose of providing services to you. This may include the provision of your personal data to IT service providers, marketing platforms and legal advisors. We may also provide your personal data to any successor to our business.
We will not otherwise use, share, disseminate, publish or disclose your personal data (except as may be required in response to litigation, investigations or other legally required disclosures).
Where we store your personal data
We may transfer your personal data to, or store it in, a destination outside of Belgium. This is because IZA is globally active, with activities located in various jurisdictions, which uses service providers based in a number of locations worldwide. In some cases, your personal data will be stored in or transferred to jurisdictions outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) (a third country), where data protection laws are not as stringent as the applicable laws under the EEA regime.
Where we have to transfer your personal data to third countries, we will use appropriate approved safeguards or we will seek your explicit consent.
For further information please do not hesitate to contact us using the details below.
Period for which we store your personal data
We will ensure that the period for which we store your personal data is limited to a strict minimum.  We will store your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes of providing the services you have requested and for legal compliance purposes. For further information on how long we will store your personal data in any particular case, please do not hesitate to contact us using the details below.
Links to third-party websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Message boards/forums
This website may make forums and message boards available to you. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal data.
Electronic newsletters
We offer various free electronic newsletters. We do not spam, sell or rent email addresses, and there’s an easy unsubscribe in every email you’ll receive. Alternately you may remove your address from our mailing lists by sending an email to gdpr@zinc.org
YOUR RIGHTS
Access.  You may contact us at any time in order to request access to the personal information we hold about you. We will confirm whether we are processing your personal data, provide details of the categories of personal data concerned and the reasons for our processing. We can also provide you with a copy of your personal information on request.
Rectification.  If the information we hold appears to be inaccurate we will not use it, and not allow others to use it, until it is verified. You can ask us to correct or complete your personal data by contacting us at any time.  To the extent possible, we will inform anyone who has received your personal data of any corrections we make to it.
Restriction. In certain circumstances, it may be possible to require us to limit the way in which we process your personal information (i.e., require us to continue to store your personal data, but not otherwise process it without your consent). Such circumstances include:
where you think the data we hold about you is inaccurate, processing can be restricted while it is being rectified;
where you object to our processing, (which is being carried out on the grounds that it is necessary in the public interest or for our legitimate interests) processing can be restricted while we determine whether such grounds override your interests
where processing is unlawful but you oppose the erasure and request restriction of your data instead; and
where we no longer need the personal data but you require the data in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim, our processing can be restricted.
Erasure.  You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed.  We will try to do so promptly, and, to the extent possible, we will inform anyone who has received your personal information of your request. However, we must keep track of certain transaction information, such as past purchases and similar information, for legal compliance purposes, so we may not be able to fully delete your information in certain circumstances.
Receiving/transferring your personal data. You may also ask us to send you the personal data we hold on you in an electronic, structured and user-friendly format, or you may ask us to send this data to another person.  Please note that if you choose to ask us to send your personal data to you or another party, this may impact our ability to provide the products and services you requested.
Object.  Where we are processing your personal information without your consent to pursue our legitimate interests, you may object to us processing your personal data. In particular, where we are using your personal data to contact you for marketing purposes, you may object to such processing at any time.
Automated decision-making. You have the right to be informed of any automated decision-making, including profiling, used in connection with your personal data, and we will provide information about the logic we apply, as well as the significance and consequences of such processing.
Complaints. If you are located in the EEA and you believe that our processing of your personal data is in breach of data protection law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based or any place in the EEA where you believe the infringement has occurred. You may also contact us at any time if you wish to complain about our processing of your personal data.
For any of the requests listed above, please contact us at gdpr@zinc.org or using the contact details below. We will make reasonable efforts to respond promptly and at the latest within one month. Our response to such requests may be limited to information under our direct control.
SECURITY
Security measures
We limit access to personal data that we collect about you to our employees and third-party agents, who we reasonably believe need to have access to your information to provide you with the information or services you request from us. We have security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we ensure that our systems adhere to market security standard so as to help safeguard against such occurrences.
Where information is provide to us via our website, in certain areas the information passed between your browser and our system is encrypted with secure sockets layer (“SSL”) technology to create a protected connection between you and our Site to ensure confidentiality. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We will use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, but we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about our security, you can email us at gdpr@zinc.org
Children’s privacy protection
IZA does not target and its websites are not intended for children under the age of 16.  IZA will not knowingly collect personal data from children, and will delete such data upon discovery. Where IZA requires personal data pertaining to children for the purpose of providing a service, the consent of an adult with parental responsibility for that child will be required.
OPTING OUT
If you do not wish to receive certain communications from us you may opt out by: (1) declining the service offered, (2) informing us at gdpr@zinc.org that you no longer wish to receive such communications, or (3) following the opt out instructions that we include in each of our communications with you. We will comply with such requests unless such communications from us are required by law or do not require your consent under applicable laws. Your opting out may restrict our ability to provide you with the full extent of our services.
CONTACT DETAILS
If you would like to get in touch with us with regards to your personal data, contact us at:
International Zinc Association
Attention: Chief Privacy Officer
2530 Meridian Parkway, Suite 115
Durham, North Carolina 27713
USA
Email: gdpr@zinc.org
TEL: +32 2 776 0078
CHANGES IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
This statement was last updated on April, 2018. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement on our website and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, or by means of a notice on our website home page.
Learn the latest about Zinc. Sign Up.
Email*
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Thank you for joining the list!