http://www.recognitionsource.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offering based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in additional to receiving occasional company news, updates, related or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information information when you place an order.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer(SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security number, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser(if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remmeber certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shipping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic, site interaction, and 3rd party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) with Google Analytics so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.