http://www.winnebagoind.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | Winnebago Industries
Skip to Header
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Winnebago Industries
Brands
Winnebago
Grand Design RV
Chris-Craft
Newmar
Specialty Vehicles
Lifestyle
Merchandise
RV Insurance
Winnebago RV Insurance
You've earned it – the chance to relax and get away from it all. Keep your peace and quiet safe with Winnebago's new RV Insurance. Our trusted brand will be there for you, so all you have to do is park and play.
VISIT SITE
Company
About Us
Investor Relations
Careers
Responsibility
Visit Us
About Us
Learn the history of Winnebago Industries.
LEARN MORE
Investor Relations
Detailed company information for shareholders.
VISIT SITE
Careers
Opportunities at Winnebago Industries.
LEARN MORE
Responsibility
Engaging stakeholders and supporting solutions in communities where we operate.
LEARN MORE
Visit Us
Take an inside look at how we build our RVs and boats.
LEARN MORE
Four Simple Questions
Learn how to identify your ideal motorhome.
VISIT SITE
Contact
Contact Us
Our goal is to provide you with years of carefree and enjoyable ownership of your outdoor recreation product. If you own a Winnebago Industries product and have a question about it, we encourage you to contact us by phone, email or using the form below. For inquiries related to your current RV or boat, service or dealer inquiries, please have the serial number, date of purchase and selling dealer’s name available.
LEARN MORE
Submit
Home
Privacy Policy
Winnebago Industries, Inc. Privacy Policy
At Winnebago Industries, we are very sensitive to the privacy concerns of visitors to our websites. Though we do not obtain any personal information that individually identifies you (e.g., your name, address, phone number, e­mail address, etc.) unless you affirmatively provide it to us, many visitors do choose to provide us with such information. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you, as a visitor to this site, can make about the collection and use of your information.
What personal information might we ask you for and how do we use it?
We collect personal information from you (such as your name, address, phone number, e­ mail address, etc.) only when you voluntarily provide it to us. Depending on the purpose for which the information was provided, we may use the information to communicate with you regarding our products, services, and promotions, to provide you with other information that you request, and/or to improve our product and service offerings. If you do choose to receive any such e­mail communication from us, you will always have the opportunity to “unsubscribe” from receiving the e­mail at any time.
How do we use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies?
We may employ cookie technology, web beacons, and similar devices on our site to facilitate site administration and navigation and to provide an enhanced online experience for our visitors. Information tracked through these mechanisms includes but is not limited to (1) a user’s IP address (e.g., yahoo.com ­- 192.168.1.1), (2) the type of web browser (e.g., Microsoft Explorer) and operating system (e.g., Windows or Linux) being used, (3) the pages of the site a user visits, and (4) other websites a user visited before visiting our site.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some customized features on our site. Cookies do not collect or contain your name or e-mail address.
We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity. We also may disclose personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Use of our site.
United States only
This website is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to this site are governed by the laws of the State of Iowa in the United States of America. If you are located outside of the United States of America and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States of America and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize its transfer.
Changes in our online Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this Privacy Policy.
Your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy
Your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy By using this website, you signify your assent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, please do not use this site or submit any personally identifiable information.
How to contact us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about our collection or use of information, please email us at info@winnebagoind.com. You may also reach us by telephone at 641/585-3535.
Website Terms of Use
This Website is owned and provided by Winnebago Industries, Inc. and is provided for your personal entertainment, information, and education. Your use of this Website is subject to the following terms and conditions. Your use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions and your agreement to be bound by them. If you do not agree to these terms or if you do not agree with our Privacy Policy posted on this site, please do not use this Website or any services offered by this Website.
Please review this Terms of Use page often. We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time without notice. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any updates or changes to these terms.
United States only
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in this Website are presented solely for the purpose of promoting products or programs available in the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates. We make no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you access the site from locations other than the United States, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
Intellectual property
All names, logos, service marks, and trademarks appearing in this Website, including the trademarks, service marks, brand identities, trade names, graphics, designs, copyrights, trade dress, and all other intellectual property ("Content"), except as otherwise noted, are protected intellectual property of, or used with permission or under license by, Winnebago Industries, Inc. This includes the entire Content of the Website, copyrighted and protected as a collective work.
The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other content on this site, except as provided in these Terms of Use or in the site content, is strictly prohibited. You may print copies of the information on this site for your personal use, store the files on your computer for personal use, or reference this server from your own documents. However, you may not distribute text or graphics to others without our express written consent. In addition, you may not, without our permission, copy and distribute this information on any other server, or modify or re­use text or graphics on this system or another system. We reserve all other rights.
Your use of the Website is limited to personal and non­commercial use only unless other uses are granted expressly to you. You may not copy, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re­post, or otherwise display the Website Content for public or commercial purposes without our written permission for such use of Content.
Disclaimer
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Website is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR TITLE AND NON­INFRINGEMENT. ADDITIONALLY, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE(S) OR THE SERVERS MAKING THE SITE(S) AVAILABLE ARE VIRUS FREE. We do not warrant that the functions contained in these materials will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the result of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
Your use of the Website is at your risk. Winnebago Industries, Inc. will not be liable for any damages including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, arising out of your access to or use of the Website and however caused, whether in contract or tort. If you become dissatisfied in any way with this Website or its Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, your sole and exclusive remedy is to stop using this Website and its services. (Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages, so these provisions may not apply to you. If any portion of these limitations on liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then the aggregate liability of Winnebago Industries, Inc. shall not exceed one hundred dollars ($100).)
Links
This Website may contain Links allowing you to leave this Website for other sites that are not under our control. We are not endorsing any such Linked sites. We are not responsible for the contents or transmission of any Linked Site or any Link contained in a Linked Site or for ensuring that the Linked Sites are error and virus free. Nor are we responsible for the terms of use or privacy practices of such sites. We encourage you to carefully read the policies of each site you visit.
Submitted ideas
All comments, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information disclosed or offered to us by you through this Website or in response to solicitations in this Website shall be deemed and shall remain our property. You understand and acknowledge that we have both internal resources and other external resources, which may have developed or may in the future, develop ideas identical to or similar to the suggestion or comments to suggestions and that we are only willing to consider the suggestion on these terms. In any event, any suggestion is not submitted in confidence and we assume no obligation, express or implied by considering it. Without limitation, we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to the suggestions of every kind and nature throughout the Universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the comments for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise without compensation to the provider of the suggestions.
Winnebago Industries, Inc. Online Privacy Policy
We take your privacy and your privacy concerns very seriously. That is why we have adopted our Privacy Policy explaining our online information collection practices and the choices you can make about the way information is collected and used. Please read and understand our Privacy Policy.
Choice of Law and Enforcement
Your access to the Website as well as the terms and conditions and the agreement they create are governed and interpreted by the laws of the State of Iowa without regard for conflict of laws provisions.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy posted on the Website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site. We reserve the right to make changes in these Terms of Use. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any updates or changes in this policy. Your use of our site indicates acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Contact Information
You may send your comments to us at:
Winnebago Industries, Inc.
605 West Crystal Lake Road
Forest City, IA 50436
You may also contact us at 641/585-3535 or email us at info@winnebagoind.com.
Home
Employees
Careers
Media
Accessibility
Contact
Privacy Policy
Investor Relations
Please fill out the form below to sign up for our newsletter:
Your Contact Information
First Name
Last Name
Email
By entering your email, you are opting in to receive future information from Winnebago Industries. You can opt out at any time.
Submit
Cancel
Close
© 2020 Winnebago Industries, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Winnebago's® continuing program of product improvement makes
specifications, equipment, model availability, and prices subject to change without notice. Published content reflects the most current
product information at time of printing. Please consult your dealer for individual vehicle features and specifications.