http://www.usedlighting.com/help/returns
Browse
Sell your Gear
Help Sign In / Register
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
Cart (0)
Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items More
Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
MY ACCOUNT
Sell your Gear
Sign In
Help
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
BROWSE BY CATEGORY Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
0
Menu
About Us Certified Reviews Contact Us Buying and Returns Selling Your Gear Tax Exempt Terms Privacy GDPR
Buying and Returns Frequently Asked Questions
1. Where does the inventory come from?
Glad you asked! A few places actually. Our parent company, 4Wall Entertainment, is an entertainment rental company with locations in the US and the UK. Items marked as 'UsedLighting.com Owned' are items that have been professionally maintained in one of 4Wall's locations. These items are constantly tested, cleaned, and updated to ensure the best performance for your events! We also carry items from our global community of site members. We broker quality items from production houses, churches, theatres and more. These items are listed as 'Sold by: Site Member'. Purchasing a brokered item is a great way to save, and we guarantee your purchase with a 48 hour inspection window.
2. Can I add items from both UsedLighting.com and NewLighting.com to my cart?
Yes! Feel free to add items from either site to your cart as you browse, you can purchase all your items in one single checkout process.
3. How will I be charged for shipping if my cart contains both new and used items?
Shipping on items from Newlighting.com inventory is a once per order $10 charge as long as the items are shipped in the continental United States. This applies no matter how many new items you purchase!
Shipping for UsedLighting.com items is calculated one of two ways:
Some items are available for immediate purchase, those items will calculate a shipping cost in your shopping cart Other items, such as large items and brokered items from our site members, are not available for immediate purchase. When you 'submit a quote' for these items, you will not be charged for them. A member of our team will contact you with a shipping estimate, and you can complete your purchase at that time.
We will make every effort to ensure your order ships in as few shipments as possible and at the best possible rates!
4. Do you ship to P.O. boxes or APO/FPO/DPO addresses?
No, we do not ship to P.O. boxes or AFO/FPO/DPO addresses. All items must be shipped to a physical street address.
5. What forms of payment are accepted?
We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, PayPal, and eCheck (Checking/Bank Account). We also accept personal or company checks as well as wire transfers. For eCheck, wire transfers or company checks, orders will not be shipped until the funds are cleared. Please note that for international orders, we only accept PayPal and wire transfers as forms of payment. Orders paid by eCheck may take from 3 to 6 business days (excluding bank holidays) for funds to clear.
6. When will I be charged state tax?
In the US, we collect tax on orders shipping to California, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, and Washington DC. Have a re-sale certificate for one of those states? Upload your form to your member account to be approved for tax-exempt purchases. Already placed your order? Just let us know and we'll credit the tax charged on your order. In Europe, we collect the Value Added Tax (VAT) depending on the location that the order is shipping to.
7. What if I’m tax exempt?
If you are tax exempt, please follow these instructions:
Log in or become a member of UsedLighting.com or NewLighting.com Go to ‘My Account’ and select ‘Settings’ Upload your form We will approve it within one business day Once approved, any orders you place when logged into your account will not be charged tax
8. What if I’m purchasing from a location outside of the USA or the UK?
No problem! Go ahead and complete the checkout process, and your entire order will be submitted as a 'quote'. You won't be charged for anything right now! One of our agents will get in touch with you with a shipping estimate, and you will be able to complete your purchase at that time. (You will however be responsible for any taxes, duties, or fees associated with your purchase.)
9. What is the return policy?
UsedLighting.com and NewLighting.com guarantee your purchase against any incorrect shipments or defective items. To report an issue or schedule a return, please contact us or call our toll free number, 877-789-8167, during business hours (8 AM to 5 PM Pacific Time, M-F). If you need to return an item, please notify us within 48 hours of the receipt of the item. Please make sure the item has not been installed or modified, or we won't be able to accept it! Items must be returned to UsedLighting.com (or the site member, in the case of brokered items) in the original shipping container and with sufficient packing materials. In all cases, if we don't hear from you within 48 hours of receiving your item, we will be unable to provide a replacement or refund.
10. Could I be charged a re-stocking fee?
If you're returning a product for reasons other than damage or defect, you may be subject to a re-stocking fee.
OUR HOTTEST DEALS SELL OUT QUICKLY! Subscribe and See Them First in Your Inbox
Subscribe
Call Toll Free 1.877.789.8167 Currency: ($) USD
information About Us Contact Us Reviews Lighting Lounge Sell on UsedLighting Rather Rent?
customer service Help Center Track Your Order Appraisals Financing Buying and Returns FAQ Selling FAQ
products Weekly Specials Clearance Last Few Available Packages Tools & Apparel New Stage Lighting
connect with us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
© 2020 UsedLighting.com - A service mark of 4Wall Entertainment, Inc.
Terms | Privacy | GDPR | Do Not Sell My Information
E-Commerce Experts Las Vegas
Lighting Equipment Rentals Rigging Equipment Rentals Warehouse Storage Las VegasConstruction Equipment Rentals Las VegasVideo Equipment RentalsStage Lighting EquipmentBest Locksmith Las Vegas
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to enhance and personalize your experience across the 4Wall portfolio of brands, including UsedLighting.com and NewLighting.com. Learn more, including how to manage your privacy settings.
Accept