http://www.scabetti.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Terms + Conditions
Scabetti trade on the trust and the goodwill of our Clients and Suppliers, however as everyone knows, somewhere there has to be some small print, so here is ours.WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONSWelcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Scabetti’s relationship with you in relation to this website. Intellectual Property RightsScabetti owns all copyright and related intellectual property rights in and relation to this website unless expressed otherwise.No contents of this website (including but not limited to text, images, audio, graphics, photographs, underlying source code and software) can be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without our prior written consent.Any unauthorised use of the material of Scabetti may infringe copyright laws, trade mark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Please email us at info@scabetti.co.uk with any queries around this issue.LinksNo liability whatsoever will be incurred by Scabetti in respect of any links to anything contained in this website.From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Scabetti’s prior written consent.LiabilityThe use of this website is at your own risk. Scabetti is not liable for any damage or loss whatsoever caused by the Internet or this website or any related information technology.Scabetti does not warrant that this website will be free from computer viruses or other malicious programs etc which may cause direct, indirect, consequential, incidental or any other damages to you or any other party. Scabetti shall not be liable to you or any other party for any loss or damage whatsoever or howsoever caused due to any use of this website or reliance on it or its contents.VariationThe content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.TRADING TERMS AND CONDITIONSThis is a link to our Trading Terms and Conditions.
This is a pdf document that will open in another browser window.Our IdentityScabetti Limited
St George’s Works 44 Britannia Street Leek, Staffordshire. UK. ST13 5EL +44 (0) 1538 371471info@scabetti.co.uk VAT registration number: GB 697 9310 78
Company registration number: 8007370VariationThese Terms and Conditions may be changed by Scabetti at any time at its sole discretion. Such changes will be made without prior notice.LawThese conditions and all other express terms of contract shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England.PRIVACY POLICYYour privacy is important to us. We, Scabetti Ltd, are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of anyone using our websites and the confidentiality of any information that you provide us with.This is a link to our Privacy Policy This is a pdf document that will open in another browser window.Cookie PolicyThis is a link to our Cookies PolicyThis is a link to another page on the Scabetti website.SecurityWe endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or willful intent.We store any personal data within a password protected database that is only accessible by our small team who are fully aware of GDPR compliance.Your rightsYou have the right to ask us not to use your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent this happening by letting us know via an unsubscribe link featured at the bottom of any newsletter, via email to info@scabetti.co.uk or telephoning +44 (0)1538 371471.You have the right to see personal data that we keep about you upon receipt of a written or verbal request via email, letter or telephone. Any request should be sent to:info@scabetti.co.ukorScabetti Ltd.St George’s Works, 44 Britannia Street,Leek, Staffordshire. United Kingdom.ST13 5ELorBy calling: +44 (0)1538 371471We have an obligation to honour your request regarding your personal information within one calendar month.GeneralYou have the right to see personal data (as defined under the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee of £10. Any request should be sent to:Scabetti Ltd.
St George’s Works, 44 Britannia Street, Leek, Staffordshire. United Kingdom. ST13 5EL  Directors D.J & F.A Bromley Shoal, Scabetti and the Scabetti roundel are Registered Trademarks of Scabetti Ltd. ©2020 Scabetti LtdThese terms and conditions were last updated on the 27th January 2020.