http://www.capsnap.com/privacy-policy/
CSI Business Diagnostics » Privacy Policy
Website Privacy
This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics, and iPerceptions) and other measurement tools to help analyze how users use the site.
Some of these tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for
We will not knowingly allow any third party to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will ensure that the Web Analytics vendors used by us do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Disabling and enabling cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser. Please check your browser’s help menu for the latest guidance. You can also typically set your cookie preferences under Tools -> Options -> Privacy. You can choose Exceptions and type in website URL’s whose cookies you want to block,or allow them just for the session etc.
Organization Optimizer Privacy
All information arising from the use of a diagnostic remains confidential and shall not be communicated to any third party in any form whatsoever unless prior written permission is given.
CSI reserves the right to use all data from a diagnostic with other data from other diagnostics to create aggregated information (all sectors/individual sectors/organization type/industry type/country/region/and other common groupings). Unless permission is granted in advance, the user organizations name will not be used in any of these reports.
Unless otherwise notified, the user organization name can be used by CSI in its general marketing unless requested not to do so.