http://www.colchester.co.uk/privacy/
Contact Us
Home
Privacy
Skip navigation
Privacy
Colchester Machine Tool Solutions endeavours to ensure that the material contained in this website is up to date and correct, but does not represent that the information contained on the website is accurate, comprehensive, verified or complete.
1) Colchester Machine Tool Solutions will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
2) You are legally entitled to request details of the personal information which we hold about you, under the UK's Data Protection Act 1998.
Colchester Machine Tool Solutions shall have no liability for any error made or omission or delay of information from this website or for any reliance placed by any person on the information.
Colchester Machine Tool Solutions shall not be liable for any claims or any direct, indirect or consequential loss of any nature arising indirectly or directly from the use of the information contained in this website or otherwise howsoever arising except to the extent required by law.
Links from this website to other sites are for information only and Colchester Machine Tool Solutions does not make any representations or warranties, express or implied, about the information provided through this website, including any hypertext links or any other items used either directly or indirectly from this website.
Colchester Machine Tool Solutions accepts no responsibility or liability arising from accessing any website which is linked from or to this site or from the information contained within such sites or for enabling the reader to link to another website or any other site.
By accessing this website you are confirming that you have understood and accepted these terms.
The reader must be satisfied that he or she may lawfully access the Colchester Machine Tool Solutions website, read the pages and/or act upon the material contained in the pages. Colchester Machine Tool Solutions accepts no responsibility for unauthorised access or actions of the reader in respect of these matters.
Colchester Machine Tool Solutions may revise this legal information by updating this page. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore visit this page periodically to view the then current legal information by which you are bound.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
© Colchester Machine Tool Solutions - a trading name of 600 UK Limited
Reproduction of part or all of the contents of any of these pages is prohibited except to the extent permitted below.
These pages may be downloaded on to a hard disk or printed for your personal use provided that you include this copyright notice on each copy and that you make no alterations to any of the pages and do not use any of the pages in any other work or publication in whatever medium stored.
In reading this copyright notice, you acknowledge and agree that all proprietary rights in the information received shall remain the property of Colchester Machine Tool Solutions.
No part of Colchester Machine Tool Solutions pages may be distributed or copied for any commercial purpose.
GOVERNING LAW
This legal information and use of this website is governed by and is to be interpreted in accordance with English law.
Company Name: Colchester Machine Tool SolutionsA trading name of 600 UK Limited
Registered in England & Wales No. 144979
Registered Office: Union Street, Heckmondwike, West Yorkshire, WF16 OHL