http://www.dwfritz.com/legal/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Legal Terms and Conditions of Use
By accessing and using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions. DWFritz Automation and its subsidiaries, hereinafter collectively referred to as “DWFritz”, is the owner of this website and, unless otherwise indicated, of all contents contained herein. DWFritz may update and revise these Terms of Use at any time. By accessing and using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions explained in these Terms of Use (the “Terms”). Note that DWFritz may at any time, and at its own sole discretion, change the Terms and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Terms. DWFritz therefore recommends you to review them regularly. If any of these terms are found to be unlawful, invalid or void, the validity and the enforceability of the remaining terms shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby.
Use
The contents of this website may be used for personal information purposes only. This means that you may view, copy, print and distribute any document published herein by DWFritz, provided that:
It is not for purposes of commercialization of the contents as such;
Reference is made to DWFritz as the source of the documents in connection with distribution of documents;
All DWFritz copyright and proprietary notices contained in the contents are retained.
No content on this website may be stored, modified, transmitted, reproduced, published, licensed, transferred or sold without prior written consent from DWFritz. You may not create derivative works of any of the content on this website, or frame, or otherwise use the content in any other website without prior written consent from DWFritz.
Copyright and Trademarks
All trademarks, brands, logos, texts, sound, images and software that appear on this website are, unless otherwise indicated, the property of DWFritz or its subsidiaries, and protected under Intellectual Property Rights laws.
All use of trademarks, brands, logos, texts, sound, images and software that appear on this website is prohibited, unless permissible already in accordance with these Terms. Title to any trademark, brand, logo, text, sound, image or software shall not pass to you or to any other user of this website.
Unauthorized use or distribution of any material from this website may be subject to civil as well as criminal sanctions under the applicable laws. DWFritz will enforce its Intellectual Property Rights to the fullest extent.
Information Policy
DWFritz does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information on this website.
DWFritz makes no commitment to update the information or materials on this website. Changes may, at any time without notice, be made to the information and will be incorporated in new editions of this website.
Disclaimer
The information on this website is provided “AS IS” without any warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties or mechantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non infringement. DWFritz shall, in no event, be liable for any damages, direct or indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or other damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of, reference to, reliance on or inability to use this website or its content or any other hyperlinked web sites, including without limitation, any loss of profits, business interruption, loss of or damage to programs or other data on your information handling system and whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of any such damages. DWFritz does not warrant that the website is free from viruses, worms, trojan horses or other harmful elements and you are responsible for taking all precautions necessary to ensure that any content you may obtain from this website is free of such elements.
Other Websites
This website may contain links to websites owned by third parties. Linking to websites owned by third parties is for the convenience of the website visitors, and DWFritz assumes no responsibility for and makes no representations regarding the contents, information accuracy or privacy compliance of the websites concerned.
If you decide to access linked third-party websites from this website, you do so at your own risk. Your use of third-party websites is subject to the respective Terms and Conditions of Use for those third-party websites, including the respective Privacy Policies of those websites.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about DWFritz’s Terms, feel free to contact us at the mailing address below or through the contact form at the bottom of the page:
DWFritz AutomationATTN: Marketing Dept. (Terms of Use)9600 SW Boeckman Rd., Wilsonville, OR 97070USA
Contact Us
With manufacturing facilities located in the U.S. and China, DWFritz provides exceptional global support services.