http://www.sasinc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
S. Abraham & Sons
Convenience Retailing+
Our Programs
What’s On Tap
Industry Trends
Partner Programs
Nutritional Information
Category Management
Events
Retail Technology+
Technology
Electronic Data Interchange
Our Story+
History
News
Delivering Solutions
Mission Statement
Careers+
Driver Careers
General Application
Join Our Team
Contact Us+
Contact SAS
Vendor Information
Sales Team
TooSmart
Synergy
SOLO
Outlook 365
ZiiZii Web Portal
SAS OnBase
Privacy Policy
S. Abraham and Sons, Inc. is committed to honoring the privacy of our visitors. The following privacy policy discloses our policies for information gathering and dissemination for SAS’s web site, http://www.sasinc.com/.
What Information is Collected
SAS collects a limited amount of contact information from visitors through various contact forms. The forms are entirely voluntary and ask only for limited information, including first name, last name, company and email address.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. As part of the protocol of the Internet, web servers can identify your computer by its IP address. In addition, web servers may be able to identify the type of browser you are using or even the type of computer.
SAS collects IP addresses and related information for the purposes of system administration, to assess the traffic to our site. We do not link IP addresses to your personally identifiable information.
What Happens to the Information We Collect
SAS will not sell or share collected information with anyone. The information collected through the contact forms is used only to better service inquiries.
What Kind of Security Is Used to Protect My Information
We store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls. This data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this privacy statement.
If you have questions or concerns regarding SAS’s Privacy Policy, please see our contact page.