https://www.dakequipment.com/contact/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy -
630-516-1115
About
K3 Werks
Order Fulfillment
Services
Equipment & Systems
Contact
Careers
Supplier Information
Resources
About
K3 Werks
Order Fulfillment
Services
Equipment & Systems
Contact
Careers
Supplier Information
Resources
Privacy Policy
DAK Equipment & Engineering Warehouse Solutions » Contact Us For Warehouse Equipment & More » Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the policies of DAK Equipment & Engineering Company regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of the following types of information:
Information obtained when you and other users visit the https://www.dakequipment.com web site and its network sites (the ‘Site’).
Information obtained through e-mail communications with you related to the Site.
This privacy policy does not apply to information that we may collect from you by other means (including offline) or from other sources. Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of all of the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and your consent to any action we take with respect to your information that is in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy please do not visit this Site.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We require you to provide us with certain information about yourself when you register with this Site and when you request products and services. We also collect information from you when you respond to requests for feedback.
The information we collect may include information from which you may be personally identified (‘Personally Identifiable Information’), such as name, postal address, telephone number, fax number and e-mail address, and also may include certain business information, such as employer name, occupation, job function, job title and buying information (e.g., preferences or history). We also will collect credit card and related information when you request a product or service for which there is a charge. This Site only collects Personally Identifiable Information with your knowledge.
Automatic Data Collection
When you visit this Site, we may collect the IP address of your computer.
We also automatically record other information that identifies your computer to this Site and tracks your behavior on the Site. For example, we may record how many times you visit this Site and your navigation within the Site. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information in this manner; however, if you provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, we may associate that information with the information that is collected automatically.
Methods used to collect this information may include ‘cookies’ and ‘clear GIFs’ (also known as ‘pixel tags’ or ‘beacons’). A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most browsers allow Users to block the receipt of cookies, but doing so may compromise your ability to use certain features of this Site. A clear GIF is a small graphic image, typically used in connection with cookies, that is placed on a web site or in an email message. A clear GIF can monitor certain user behavior, such as your usage of the web site, whether you opened an email message or whether you clicked on a URL in an email message.
Some of the materials included on this Site may be served by third parties. These third parties, in the course of serving such materials, may collect information regarding your use of this Site and how you respond to e-mail communications, using methods that may include those described in the preceding paragraph. Collection, use, disclosure and security of information collected by third parties are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties.
How We Use Your Information
We use Personally Identifiable Information that we collect on this Site for the following purposes:
To provide you with this Site and other products and services.
To respond to your inquiries and contact you about changes regarding the Site.
To provide you with e-mail, fax and other notices and inquiries regarding your account and the products or services that you are receiving, and for billing and collection purposes.
For any other purpose disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which you consent.
As otherwise specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
We also may use your information to better understand the needs of our Users and to improve our Site. For example, we may use this information to determine what portions of the Site are most popular and the demographics of our Users generally. Cookies and other User information also enable us to customize your experience on the Site.
We may use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers or to administer our Site. We may also use IP addresses to help identify a User during a particular session and to gather data regarding use of the Site.
Newsletters and Offers
We may use the information you provide us to send you e-mail, fax and other communications. These communications may include e-mail newsletters that are relevant to this Site, as well as offers for other services. All of these communications will include instructions explaining how you can request that we not send you (‘opt out’ of) future communications of the same type.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We will not disclose your information to anyone outside of DAK Equipment & Engineering, except as described in this section.
We may disclose aggregated anonymous statistics about many Users to advertisers, content and service providers and other affiliated and unaffiliated companies.
We sometimes engage third parties to perform services for us, including in connection with this Site, that require us to disclose Users’ Personally Identifiable Information to them. If we make any such disclosure, we will require such parties to keep the information confidential and to use it only to perform the services.
The only other times we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information collected on this Site are as follows:
In the event of an asset sale, merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization, liquidation or other similar transaction involving DAK or this Site, we may transfer some or all User information, including Personally Identifiable Information, to the successor company.
We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe such disclosure is required by law or for the protection of persons or property.
Security
We use reasonable security safeguards to protect Personally Identifiable Information we collect on this Site from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure. However, due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
Links
This Site contains content, services, and other materials that link to Web sites operated by third parties. We have no control over those other sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them. We encourage you to refer to the privacy policies, if any, of those sites.
Google Analytics and Remarketing
Regarding Google Analytics:
Please be aware that we have implemented and use Google Display Advertising.
The Google Analytics features you’ve implemented based on Displayed Advertising (e.g., Remarketing).
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager. Ads Preferences Manager
Regarding Remarketing with Google Analytics:
Please be aware that we use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Please be aware that third-party vendors, including Google, show your ads on sites across the Internet.
Please be aware that we and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to your website.
This Site is operated by:
DAK Equipment & Engineering Company
857 N. Larch Avenue
Elmhurst, Illinois 60126
E-Mail: info@dakequipment.com
Get A Free Quote!
Call Today (630) 516-1115
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Recent Posts
How to Use Modular Offices in Your Facility
September 25, 2020
5 Advantages of Starrco Modular Offices
September 25, 2020
The Value of Working with a Systems Integrator
September 14, 2020
How to Determine In-rack Sprinkler Guard Size
September 11, 2020
Warehouse Cleaning Tips, Part 2
August 31, 2020
Home
Dealers
Used Rack
About
Company
Testimonials
Clients Served
Careers
Services
Strategic Planning
Intralogistics Design
Inspections
Other Services
Equipment & Systems
In Stock Products at Dak Equipment
Selective Rack
K3 Werks
Double Deep Rack
Push Back Rack
Drive-In/Thru Rack
Pallet Flow Rack
Cantilever Rack
Carton Flow Rack
Pick Modules
Equipment & Systems
Conveyor Systems
Shelving
Mezzanines
Pre-Engineered Offices
Lockers
Wire Partitions
Green Systems
Everything Else
Online Catalog
Resources
Case Studies
Photos
Videos
How-To
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Careers
Supplier Information
Receive Email Updates
Want to stay in touch? Sign up for our monthly email newsletter to receive informative articles about material handling, DAK Equipment, and tools to store and move your product.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email Address*
Company Name*
Privacy by SafeUnsubscribe
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Google Plus
Youtube
Contact Us
630-516-1115
info@dakequipment.com
857 N. Larch Avenue
Elmhurst, Illinois 60126
© 2019 DAK Equipment. all rights reserved.
Built by Clique Studios