https://www.budelpack.com/about+budelpack/privacy+statement
Menu
Innovative packaging
Home
Locations
Innovations
Packaging formats
Blisters
Bottles and jars
Boxes
Cups
Sachets
Stand pouches
Stick packs
Transwraps
Edgestand® stand pouch
Comfort Lid® dosing lid
Snapsil® dispensing pack
Twist
Jiggle
Cases
About Budelpack
Board of Directors
Strategy
Corporate Social Responsibility
History
Quality
Innovation
News
Vacancies
Machines for sale
Privacy statement
Contact
Home |
About Budelpack |
Privacy statement
Read more about food packing
Read more about food packing
Read more about food packing
Read more about pet food packing
Read more about pet food packing
Read more about pet food packing
Read more about fresh food packing
Read more about fresh food packing
Food packing
Pet food packing
Fresh food packing
Privacy statement
Budelpack is strongly committed to protecting your personal data. Your personal data will be handled and secured with utmost care. This privacy statement informs you how Budelpack protects your personal data.
The use of personal data
If you have voluntarily provided personal data to Budelpack to, for example, developing a commercial relationship or for any other reason, you give consent to Budelpack to include your personal data in its administration. You also give consent to Budelpack to contact you or to inform you by using your personal data. All your personal data is stored onto secured servers. Budelpack is committed to comply with Europe’s new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The collection and use of your data is limited to what is necessary to provide the desired level of service. In addition, your data will be used to keep you up-to-date about news and developments at Budelpack through a newsletter. Each newsletter contains a link through which you can unsubscribe at any time.Budelpack processes personal data of visitors who leave data on the Budelpack website, such as name, company name, e-mail address and telephone number. This data is used for:
Customer relationship management
Sending out newsletters
Tracking and analyzing the use of the website
By using our website you declare that you agree with the provisions in this privacy statement. The Budelpack website uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. The use of cookies makes a website easier to use. Budelpack can use cookies to see how often the website is viewed and which specific pages. Cookies are unique per user.
Security of your personal data
Budelpack has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against any form of unlawful processing. Your personal data will not be given to third parties without your explicit permission, unless this is necessary to execute a certain agreement, to provide a certain service or when this is legally required. Our employees are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your data.
Accessing or rectifying your personal data
You have the right to access your personal data. If your personal data contain inaccuracies, or when they are incomplete or irrelevant for the purpose of them being processing for, or are in violation with the law, you can submit a request to Budelpack at any time, free of charge, to rectify, to complete, to shield or to remove your personal data.
How long does Budelpack store your personal data?
We will store your personal data no longer than necessary for the realization of the purposes for which they are collected or subsequently processed.  Poortvliet, May 2018