http://www.expert-access.com/about/privacy-policy
Logo
HomeContact us
GO
HomeAbout UsAbout Expert AccessAbout The PresidentClient ListTestimonialsPrivacy PolicyProgram OfferingsAssessments/Self-AwarenessCommunications ServicesDiversity and InclusionLeadership DevelopmentLearning SimulationsOnline & Blended LearningSalesGlobal CapabilitiesInternational FacilitiesInternational ServicesBenefitsWhy Select Expert AccessOur ConsultantsProject DevelopmentOur ProcessGetting StartedFAQsClient FAQsConsultant FAQsContact Us
Featured Services
Blended LearningExecutive CoachingExecutive AssessmentInnovationLeadership DevelopmentTeam Development
Sign Up for our Newsletter
Sign Up Now
View Our Newsletter Archive
Contact us
Expert Access LLC 42 Francis Lane Little Compton, RI 02837 phone 401-635-0180 email info@expert-access.com
Testimonials
Sue Mullen, Vice President Human Resources, The Torrington Company
When our Division needed synergy, creativity, and collaboration within the organization to meet our corporate growth objectives, Expert Access was able to provide us with the organizational-effectiveness consulting we needed.  From her network of true professionals, Pat brought in a specialist in strategy implementation, organizational effectiveness, and senior leadership development. This has had a significantly positive impact on our Division.”
Read More...
Testimonials
Director, ConEdison
“Thanks to the resource you provided, the workshop on Building Employee, Customer and Brand Loyalty not only met, but exceeded our expectations!  The feedback from the 300 people who attended was outstanding.  I’ll look forward to working with you in future projects.”
Read More...
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Print
Email
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by Expert Access, LLC. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At Expert Access, LLC, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Definition of the Information Expert Access, LLC gathers and keeps track of.
Expert Access, LLC gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys.
Information Expert Access, LLC gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Under no circumstances does Expert Access, LLC divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
Expert Access, LLC Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
1. Electronic newsletters (Dispatches)
We will offer a free electronic newsletter to users. Expert Access, LLC gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration.
2. Membership Area
Users of the site's Membership Area must register separately for these services. During registration the user is required to supply a username, password, and email address.
3. "E-mail this to a friend" Service
Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking "e-mail this to a friend". The user must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
4. Polling
We may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. Expert Access, LLC may use a system to "tag" users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual users.
5. Surveys
Expert Access, LLC may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
6. Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent.
USAGE TRACKING
Expert Access, LLC tracks user traffic patterns through our site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Expert Access, LLC does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser).
Expert Access, LLC sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
COOKIES
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Expert Access, LLC uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in polling and surveys.
USE OF INFORMATION
Expert Access, LLC uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience on our of site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls or survey. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule, and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are doing. Expert Access, LLC never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our site users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track which terms a particular user enters.
SECURITY
Expert Access, LLC operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters. Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Expert Access, LLC. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at:
Expert Access LLC42 Francis Lane Little Compton, RI 02837
by phone at 401-635-0180by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.or fill out our "Contact Us" form.
© 2016 Expert Access LLC. All Rights Reserved.