http://www.adamsbank.com/privacy.html
- BANK ONLINE - Business Banking Personal Banking Order Checks
You provide important information about yourself to a variety of businesses and organizations. The same is true when you do business with our financial institution. You're asked to provide us with certain personal information that helps us give you better service and complete your transactions more effectively.
We work diligently to safeguard the information you give to us. In fact, we developed the following policies to ensure your confidentiality and maintain your confidence in our institution. These policies detail the strict standards we have in place. For this reason, we ask that you please read the following information carefully.
We, our, and
us, when used in this notice, mean The Adams National Bank.
This is our privacy notice for our customers. When we use the words "you" and "your" we mean the following types of customers:
Our consumer customers who have a continuing relationship by purchasing or holding financial products or services such as a:
Deposit account
Loan account
Credit card account
Safe deposit box
We will tell you the sources of the information we collect about you. We will tell you what measures we take to secure that information.
We first define some terms.
Nonpublic personal information means information about you that we collect in connection with providing a financial product or service to you. Nonpublic personal information does not include information that is available from public sources, such as telephone directories or government records. Hereafter, we will use the term "
information" to mean nonpublic personal information as defined in this section.
An
affiliate is a company we own or control, a company that owns or controls us, or a company that is owned or controlled by the same company that owns or controls us. Ownership does not mean complete ownership, but means owning enough to have control.
A
nonaffiliated third party is a person we do not employ or a company that is not an affiliate of ours. This is also known as nonaffiliated third party, or simply, an "
other party."
We collect information about you from the following sources:
Information you give us on applications or other forms
Information about your transactions with us
Information about your transactions with other parties
Information from a consumer reporting agency
We do NOT disclose any information about you to anyone, except as permitted by law. Examples of this might include disclosures necessary to service your account or prevent unauthorized transactions.
We restrict access to information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect this information.
We do not disclose information about former customers, except as permitted by law.
about Adams National Bank | business banking banking for not-for-profits | personal banking personal loans our locations | investor relations privacy | contact us | home
© 2005 The Adams National Bank 1130 Connecticut Ave., NW Suite 200 | Washington, D.C. 20036 Phone 202-772-3600 | Fax 202-835-3871 customerservice@adamsbank.com
Design by The Page Group, Inc.