http://www.caprara.com/terms.asp
phone: 207-395-2405
Used Equip
Visit MaineUsedRestaurantSupply.Com for Our Online Used Equipment and Supplies Store!
Specials
Cooking Equip
Braising Pans, Tilt Skillets
Combi Ovens
Connectors, Gas, Steam, Water
Convection, FlashBake, Deck Ovens
Conveyor Oven
Cook and Hold
Griddles, CharBroilers, Broilers
Induction
Kettles, Cooking
Misc Cooking Equipment
Outdoor Cooking, Barbeque BBQ
Portable Cooking
Ranges
Steamers, Pressure Cookers
Food Prep
Cutter/Mixer
Floor Mixers
Food Grinders, Choppers, Peelers, etc.
Food Prep Attachments, Mixer Accessories
Food Prep, Manual
Food Processors
Mixers
Salad, Vegetable Washers, Driers
Slicers, Manual & Automatic
Vaccum Packaging Eq
Ice Machines
Ice Machines Misc.
Ice Makers
Ice Storage
Remote Condensing Units
Undercounter Ice Makers
Undercounter, FLAKE Ice Makers
Undercounter, NUGGET/PEARL Ice Makers
Refrigeration
Air Doors
Back Bar, Bottle Coolers
Chef Bases and Stands
Deli, Bakery, Meat, Fish Cases
Draft Beer, Wine Equipment
Glass Chillers, Frosters
Ice Cream, Soft Serv Equipment
Merchandisers, Display - Refrigerated
Misc Refrigeration
Pizza Prep.
Reach In Freezers
Reach In Refrigerators
Salad, Sandwich Prep Units
Strip Curtains, Doors
Sushi Equipment
Undercounter, Worktop Refrigeration
Shop More Categories!
By Manufacturer
Adcraft
Cambro
Edgecraft
Edlund
Tomlinson Industries
Vollrath
Winco
Amenities, Room Service
Room Service
Bakery Equipment
Proofer, Proofing Cabinets
Bar
Bar Supplies
Blenders, Mixers
Misc Bar Equipment
Portable Bars
Pourers, Jiggers
Concession, Counter Equipment
Beverage Dispenser, Hot/Cold/Frozen
Charbroilers, Griddles, Hot Plates
Coffee, Tea Brewers, Grinders, Etc.
Dispensers, Napkin
Dispensers, Organizers, Counter, Other
Food Processors, Blenders
Food Warmers, Cookers
Fryers, Countertop
Grills, Ovens, Induction, Convec
Heat Lamps, Heat Strips
Heated Display, Countertop
Juicers
Microwaves
Misc Counter Concession
Panini Grills, Sandwich Press
Rice Cookers
Steamers, Combis, Countertop
Toasters
Waffle Bakers
Warming Drawers
Dining Room, Display, Service
Baskets, Serving
Beverage Dispensers, Urns
Bowls, Stands - Dining Room
Buffet, Butane Stoves
Buffetware
Carts, Dining Room
Chafers, Chafing
Coffee, Tea Service
Display, Dining Room
Menu Boards, Signage
Menu Covers, Accessories
Misc Dining Room
Pitchers, Carafes, Decanters
Plate, Bowl Covers
Salad, Food Bar Supplies
Trays, Platters, Tray Stands
Disposables
Misc Paper, Disposables
Furnishings
Chairs
Misc Furniture, Fixtures
Stools
Tables, Table Tops, Bases
Fryers
Electric Fryers
Fryer Baskets
Fryer Oil Filter, Paper & Disposal
Gas Fryers
Misc Fryers, Accessories, Parts
Janitorial, Cleaning, Maintenance
Cleaning Supplies
Floor Care - Mop, Sweep, Etc.
Hand Dryers
Miscellaneous Janitorial
Restroom Supplies
Waste, Trash Receptacles
Water Hoses, Nozzles
Kitchenware
Apparel, Clothing, Towels, Aprons
Braziers and Covers
Can Openers, Crushers
Colanders
Cutlery, Turners, Etc.
Cutting Boards, Butcher Blocks
Dispensers, Kitchen
Food Safety, First Aid
Fry Pans, Covers
Gloves, Mitts (NOT disposable)
Ingredient Bins
Ladles
Misc Kitchen Utensils
Order, Check Holders, Ticket Rails
Pie, Cake, Baking, Prep
Pizza Supplies
Roast, Bake, Sheet Pans
Sauce Pans, Covers
Saute' Pans, Covers
Scales
Sharpeners
Spatulas
Spillage Pans
Spoons
Steamtable Pans, Insets, Covers
Stock Pots, Sauce Pots, Covers
Storage Containers, Kitchen
Strainers, Colanders
Thermometers,Timers, Instruments
Tongs
Tote, Bus, Dish Boxes
Utility Carts
Whips, Whisks
Woks, Chinese/Japanese Utensils
Parts
Parts
Wheels, Casters, Legs, Feet
Serving & Display
Cashier Stands
Glass Fillers, Water Units
Hot Food Serving, Display
Misc Serving Display
Mobile Kiosks, Vending Carts
Salad, Food, Buffet Bars
Service Cases, Merchandisers, Systems
Sneeze Guards, Breath Guards
Steam Tables
Tabletop
Ashtrays
Bake and Serve
China, Porcelain, Glass Dinnerware
Dinnerware - Plastic, Bamboo, Wood
Dispensers, Tabletop
Drinkware, Plastic Beverageware
Flatware, Stainless Patterns
Flowers, Vases
Glassware, Beverageware
Glassware, Other
Misc Tabletop
Mugs
Napkins, Tablecloths, Linens, Tableskirts
Ramekins
Salt, Pepper Shakers, Mills
Steak Knives, non-pattern
Thermo Plates, Platters, Cast Iron
Wine Service, Tabletop
Transport & Storage
Cabinets, Heated
Cabinets, Holding
Cabinets, Other
Can, Keg Racks
Carts, Dollies
Dish, Tray Dispensers & Carts
Dunnage Racks
Equipment Stands
Insulated Carriers
Meal Tray Delivery, Accessories
Misc Transport, Holding, Storage
Pan, Tray Racks, Covers
Proofers
Shelving, Security Units, Carts
Wall Shelving
Work Tables, Make Up Tables
Ventilation
Visit JM Superior Fire Services - our hood and fire suppression sister company!
Hoods
Misc Ventilation
Warewashing
Dish Racks, Dollies
Disposals, Disposers, Waste Drains
Faucets, Assemblies
Flatware Washing, Storage
Glass Washers, Glass Racks etc.
Misc Warewashing
Pre Rinse, Spray Units
Sinks, Dishtables
Warewashers, General
Water, Booster Heaters
Weighing & Wrapping Equipment
Scale, Weigh & Print Label
Wrapping Equipment, Automatic
About Us
Monthly Specials
Returns
Shipping
Site Help / FAQ
Home
My Account / Login
About Us
Help
Contact Us
About Us
Monthly Specials
Returns
Shipping
Site Help / FAQ
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of C. Caprara Food Service Equipment. The collective work includes works that are licensed to C. Caprara Food Service Equipment. Copyright 2014, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with C. Caprara Food Service Equipment or purchasing C. Caprara Food Service Equipment products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with C. Caprara Food Service Equipment or to purchase C. Caprara Food Service Equipment products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by C. Caprara Food Service Equipment. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of C. Caprara Food Service Equipment used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of C. Caprara Food Service EquipmentWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. C. Caprara Food Service Equipment does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. C. Caprara Food Service Equipment does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityC. Caprara Food Service Equipment shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if C. Caprara Food Service Equipment has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a C. Caprara Food Service Equipment product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. C. Caprara Food Service Equipment reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by C. Caprara Food Service Equipment without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeC. Caprara Food Service Equipment may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to C. Caprara Food Service Equipment.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of C. Caprara Food Service Equipment products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of C. Caprara Food Service Equipment products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. C. Caprara Food Service Equipment's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. C. Caprara Food Service Equipment may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a C. Caprara Food Service Equipment or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerC. Caprara Food Service Equipment does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to C. Caprara Food Service Equipment in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless C. Caprara Food Service Equipment, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with C. Caprara Food Service Equipment, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of C. Caprara Food Service Equipment. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, C. Caprara Food Service Equipment seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Social Tab
Facebook Plugin