http://www.croda.com/en-gb/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Accessibility
Terms and Conditions
Information About Us
These Terms and Conditions govern use of this website [http://croda.com] ("Website"), including all webpages under that domain and all local versions of the Website.
This Website is owned and operated by Croda International Plc, a company registered in England under company number 206132 with our registered office at Cowick Hall, Snaith, Goole, East Yorkshire DN14 9AA (“Us/We/Our”)
By visiting this Website you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions.
We understand the importance of maintaining your privacy and ensuring we treat your personal information carefully and in confidence. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for further details of how we use your personal details (both in relation to personal information that you choose to share with us or upload to the Website, as well as personal information which may be collected automatically, for instance by cookies and related technologies) .
Use of the Site
This Website may only be used for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner in order to obtain information about Our company, our corporate group and our products and services. You must not use this Website in a way which restricts or inhibits the use or enjoyment of the Website by any third party or which infringes the rights of any third party. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding this Website and its use. You agree not to upload or transmit through the Website: any computer viruses or anything else designed to undermine the security of this Website or otherwise interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer; and any material which is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene character, or which infringes our intellectual property rights, or those of a third party.
You must not corrupt the Website, flood the Website with information so as to cause the Website not to function or use any features which may affect the function of the Website, for example viruses, worms, logic bombs, denial of service attacks or similar. You must not interfere with, remove or otherwise alter in any way, any information which is included on the Website.
You can ask for content to be removed from the Website, but we will only consider removal in limited circumstances, for example where content may breach intellectual property laws, contains sensitive personal data or material that may be considered obscene or defamatory, and will do so at our sole discretion.
User Account
You may have the opportunity to create a user account to access some parts of the Website and to obtain user only content. These same Terms and Conditions apply to any user only parts of the Website.
We will take all reasonable precautions to ensure the secure storage of your account information, including your username and password. However, you must not disclose your password or username to any other person, and should choose a password of sufficient length and complexity which cannot easily be guessed.
Copyright
Copyright in the content of and the publications in this website is owned by Us or its licensors.
You may download and temporarily store one or more of the pages of this website for the purposes of viewing them. You may also print any of the publications in this website so long as each copy is a complete copy, no amendment is made to it and it is for your use or only within your organisation.
Any other storage, copying, transmission or distribution of the content of or the publications in this website is prohibited without Our prior written consent. Please address requests to your usual contact at Croda who will direct your enquiry appropriately or send a request to enquiries@croda.com .
Croda’s logo, and any other trademarks which appear on this Website are owned by Croda or other third party owners and used by Us under licence. Any unauthorised use of the trademarks is prohibited. Access to this site does not imply or grant any right to use Croda’s trademarks or registered trademarks and no licenses or right to use are granted by implication or otherwise in respect of any copyrights, patents, trademarks in relation to this website.
Our Liability
The material available on this site is provided on an "as is" basis for general information only. It is believed to be accurate and is given in good faith but no representation or warranty as to its completeness or accuracy is made. Neither Croda International Plc nor any other Croda entity accepts any responsibility for any loss which may arise from reliance on information or materials published on this website. If you wish to find out more about the information in the materials published, please get in touch with your usual contact at Croda or send a request to enquiries@croda.com .
Some statements on our website relate to the performance of Croda International Plc. No part of this website should be treated as an invitation or inducement to invest in the shares of Croda International Plc and should not be relied upon when making investment decisions. In particular forward-looking statements, by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will or may occur in the future and actual results may differ from those expressed in such statements as they depend on a variety of factors outside Our control.
To the extent permitted by law, We, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
and for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, and including in each case costs or associated legal fees.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Links
Any links to other websites or content are provided for convenience only. We do not endorse or take responsibility for third party sites or content, and because of the nature of the internet and the risks of interruption and disruption, any and all liability which might arise from your use or reliance on the information or links contained on the website is excluded.
Website Availability
We may discontinue access to this Website, and/or any services provided on this Website, at our sole discretion, at any time, without notice.
Changes to this policy
The Internet is constantly developing. As such we reserve the right to update this policy at any time. Please regularly review this page to ensure you are aware of any changes that we make.
Contact
If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding the material which appears on Our website, please write or email us at the following address:
Website Enquiries
Croda International Plc
Cowick Hall
Snaith,
Goole
East Yorkshire, DN14 9AA
enquiries@croda.com
General Provisions
These Terms and Conditions of use and all issues regarding the website are governed by English law.
To the extent that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, it shall be severed without affecting the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Any failure by Us to act with respect to any breach of these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of Our right to act with respect to future or similar breaches.
Copyright © 2020 Croda International Plc
Date of last change: 12 Feb 2020
About cookies on this site
By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies. You can find out more details in our Privacy policy.