http://www.capstoneturbine.com/site-info/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Contact Us
First Name
Last Name
Company
Email
City
State
Country
Message
Submit
Rent From Capstone
First Name
Last Name
Company
Email
Phone Number
Location
Electrical Load (KW/kVA)
Fuel Type
Natural Gas
Flare Gas
Wellhead Gas
Biodiesel
LNG
Liquid Propane Gas
Bio/Digester Gas
Butane
Landfill Gas
Diesel
Kerosene
Hydrogen
Other
Electrical Load Types
Rental Term
Less than 1 month
1 to 3 months
3 to 6 months
6 to 9 months
9 to 12 months
Over 12 months
Submit
Site Info
Privacy Policy
Home
Site Info
Privacy Policy
Site Info
Site Info
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap
Contact
Privacy Policy
We at Capstone Turbine Corporation (“Capstone,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) have created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) because we know that you care about how information you provide to us is used and shared. This Privacy Policy relates to the information collection and use practices of Capstone in connection with our websites located at https://www.capstoneturbine.com/ and https://www.capstonefinance.com/ (each, a “Website” and, collectively, the “Websites”).
Description of Users and Acceptance of Terms
This Privacy Policy applies to visitors to the Websites (“Visitors,” “you,” or “your”).
By accessing our Websites, Visitors are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
In the course of operating the Websites, Capstone collects or receives the following types of information:
Contact Information
We collect contact information on our Websites; the contact information collected varies depending on the webpage but typically includes some combination of your name, email address, contact type (e.g., individual investor, customer/client, employee), company information (including address), and any information you provide in messages to us.  We use such contact information for purposes such as responding to, and following up regarding, your inquiries, providing you with requested information, sending you email alerts (including marketing emails), or reviewing your job application materials. Depending on the nature of your message (e.g., purchase of Capstone products), we may route your information to an appropriate third party, such as one of our distributors, to better address such message.
In some cases, such as where you sign up for a webcast, presentation, or other event/service, we may receive your contact information from a third party website, including those white-labeled under the Capstone brand. Where we collect such contact information, Capstone’s use of such contact information shall be pursuant to this Privacy Policy. In addition, please see Links to External Websites below for more information on submission of information to third party websites.
Server Logs
Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of such access, including the device’s IP address, user agent string (e.g., operating system and browser type/version), and referral URL (i.e., the external source by which you arrived at our Websites, or the pages you’ve clicked on while on our Websites). We may use these log files for purposes such as assisting in monitoring and troubleshooting errors and incidents, analyzing web traffic, or optimizing the user experience.
Cookies
We collect information using “cookie” technology. Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s or mobile device’s hard drive (or other storage medium) so that your computer will “remember” information about your visit. We use both 1st and 3rd-party session cookies and persistent cookies. Below is a general primer on session and persistent cookies; information collected by cookies depends on its particular purpose. For more information, please see the information regarding analytics providers discussed further below.
Session Cookies: We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Website. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
Persistent Cookies: A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time or until you delete them. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your web browser’s “help” file. To the extent we provide a log-in portal or related feature on our Websites, persistent cookies can be used to store your passwords so that you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our Visitors to personalize the experience on our Website.
In some cases, we may associate information that you have provided to us (e.g., email address) with the cookies that we use. In addition to facilitating the purposes described above, this is useful in understanding your engagement with other content related to our Websites (e.g., email open rates, URL clickthroughs).
If you do not want us to place a cookie on your hard drive, you may be able to turn that feature off on your computer or mobile device. Please consult your browser’s documentation for information on how to do this and how to delete persistent cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from us, certain aspects of the Websites may not function properly or as intended.
Third-Party Analytics Providers
We use one or more third–party analytics services to evaluate your use of the Websites by compiling reports on activity (based on their collection of IP addresses, Internet service provider, browser type, operating system and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Websites you visit, number of links clicked, search terms, and other similar usage data) and analyzing performance metrics. These third parties use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., pixel tags) to help collect, analyze, and provide us reports or other data.
By accessing the Websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. For more information on these third parties, including how to opt out from certain data collection (where provided by such third parties), please visit the sites below. Please note that this list may be subject to change.
For Google Analytics, please visit: https://www.google.com/analytics
Geolocational Information
Certain features and functionalities of our Websites are based on your location. In order to provide these features and functionalities, we may, with your consent, automatically collect geolocation information from your device via your browser’s location services. This consent may be provided by you on the device level (e.g., you have consented to location services generally through your browser’s settings) or by accepting our request for geolocation access on the Websites. Please consult your browser’s documentation regarding how to turn off location services. If you disable location services, you may not be able to use the full array of features and functionalities available through our Websites.
Aggregate Data
In an ongoing effort to better understand our Visitors and the Websites, we might analyze your information in aggregate form to carry out, maintain, manage, and improve operations in connection with the Websites. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services and the Websites to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Business Transfers
In the event of a merger, dissolution, reorganization, or similar corporate event, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, we expect that the information that we have collected, including personal information, would be transferred to the surviving entity in a merger or the acquiring entity. All such transfers shall be subject to our commitments with respect to the privacy and confidentiality of such personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This policy shall be binding upon Capstone and its legal successors in interest.
Disclosure to Public Authorities
We are required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purpose of meeting national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose personal information to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities or required by law or regulation including, but not limited to, in response to court orders and subpoenas.
Sharing with Third Parties
We may also engage other companies and individuals to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf in connection with our Websites. Examples may include cloud hosting providers, distributors, technical assistance and security, database management/back-up services, analytics, digital marketing (e.g., marketing automation), customer relationship management, and customer service. These other companies will have access to your information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. We may also share your information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, or other companies under common control with us in order to support (i) the marketing, sale, and delivery of any products or services and (ii) the other purposes described herein.
Opt-Out for Email Marketing and Certain Other Communications
You may also manage your receipt of marketing communications by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of an applicable Capstone marketing email and following the instructions found on any page to which the link may take you, or by contacting us at marketing@capstoneturbine.com.
You may also manage your receipt of press releases and other communications (e.g., SEC filings) that you’ve signed up to receive via email here by clicking on the “To change your subscription preferences, please click here” link on the bottom of such applicable email communication and following the instructions found on any page to which the link may take you, or by contacting us at marketing@capstoneturbine.com.
You cannot opt out of receiving administrative or transactional e-mails. In all such cases, please allow us a reasonable time to process your request.
How We Protect Your Information
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the Internet.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information in a form that identifies you only for as long as it serves the purpose(s) for which it was initially collected as stated in this Privacy Policy, subsequently authorized, or as allowed under applicable law.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Websites. If you are under 13, please do not give us any personal information.  We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide personal information to us.  If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us at marketing@capstoneturbine.com and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Important Notice to All Non-US Residents
Our servers are located in the US. If you are located outside of the US, please be aware that any information provided to us, including personal information, will be transferred from your country of origin to the US. Your decision to provide such data to us, or allow us to collect such data through our Websites, constitutes your consent to this data transfer.
Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship (and that are not otherwise exempt) have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, including the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. If you wish to submit a request pursuant to Section 1798.83, please contact Capstone via email at marketing@capstoneturbine.com.
Do Not Track
Capstone does not respond to "Do Not Track" settings or other related mechanisms at this time.
Links to External Websites
The Websites may contain links to third-party websites (“External Sites”). Capstone has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any such External Sites.  As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of such External Sites. You should check the applicable privacy policy and terms of use when visiting or submitting any information through such External Sites.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the ‘Last Updated’ date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy.  We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time with or without notice to you. By visiting the Websites after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes.  Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and without prejudice to the foregoing, our use of your information is governed by the Privacy Policy in current effect.  Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at marketing@capstoneturbine.com with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line.