http://www.freerangerecords.co.uk/legal-tandc
Jimpster - Smile For A While
listen and buy
Laroye - Be The Change EP
listen and buy
Terms and conditions
Welcome to https://www.freerangerecords.co.uk ("the Website") owned and operated by Freerange UK Limited whose registered office is: Holed Stone Barn, Stisted Cottage Farm, Hollies Road, Bradwell, Braintree, Essex, CM77 8DZ, UK
General Terms and Conditions
By accessing the Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions appearing in this document ("the Conditions") and you accept our Privacy Policy.
Any personal data you transmit to us by electronic mail or otherwise will be used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy and you accept our Privacy Policy which is available for viewing here.
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter you must enter your email address, first name, last name and country of residence in the newsletter sign up form. In doing so you must agree to (i) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Website's registration process and (ii) maintain and promptly update the information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
We may alter these Conditions at any time and your use of the whole/any part of the Website following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.
We reserve the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, the whole/any part of Website with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website.
The Website is subject to constant change. You will not be eligible for any compensation because you cannot use any part of the Website or because of a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Website.
You shall not use the Website for any illegal or immoral purposes, and you will use it in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the Website in a way that may cause the Website to be interrupted, damaged, rendered less efficient or such that the effectiveness or functionality of the Website is in any way impaired.
You agree not to attempt any unauthorised access to any part or component of the Website; and you agree that in the event that you have any right, claim or action against any Website users arising out of that user's use of the Website, then you will pursue such right, claim or action independently of and without recourse to us.
You agree to be fully responsible for (and fully indemnify us against) all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including legal fees) suffered by us and arising out of any breach of these Conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of the Website, or the use by any other person accessing the Website using your computer or internet access account.
We are not responsible for the availability of any external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or the content (including misrepresentative or defamatory content) of any third party websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, products or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.
You are hereby granted a revocable and non-exclusive licence to create a hyperlink to the Website subject to such hyperlink not portraying Freerange , Freerange UK Limited, their licensors or their products in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise offensive manner and subject to you not using any logo/trade mark or other proprietary graphic owned and/or controlled by Freerange UK Limited or Freerange as part of or in conjunction with the hyperlink.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Website. We may investigate any reported violation of these Conditions or complaints and take any action that we deem appropriate (which may include, but is not limited to, issuing warnings, suspending, terminating or attaching conditions to your access and/or removing any materials from the Website).
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use and you may download any digital recordings purchased hereunder and stream any clips provided on your personal computer or other similar personal device. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content. Please be aware that when you complete a purchase, the purchased track is instantly impregnated with a 'watermark'.
This watermark contains your unique ID and cannot be removed. We constantly monitor the internet and P2P websites for breaches of our and our licensors copyright emanating from tracks originally purchased from the Website. If we detect that you have without our authority either personally or by way of assistance/facilitation of any third party, copied, reproduced, transmitted, published, displayed, distributed, commercially exploited or created derivative works of our or our licensors material and content then we have the right to (a) suspend your user accounts, including any outstanding credits and (b) inform any relevant authorities empowered to act upon such unauthorised activity and/or copyright owners who's copyright may have been breached for them to take such necessary action as may be required. This will mean that we will be entitled to pass on your contact details to them.
You should assume that everything you see and read on the Website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided by the Conditions. The Website is Copyright, "© 1996 - 2017 Freerange UK Limited. All rights reserved".
We are not responsible for any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any direct, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including but not limited to lost profits, lost savings or revenue, or loss or corruption of data or information) which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Website. However, nothing in the Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees.
You must be at least 16 years of age to use the Website. This site may include content that is unsuitable for anyone under the age of 16 and if you are under 16 you may only use the Website with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian of someone under the age of 16 who is using this Website, you agree to these terms and conditions and our privacy policy and that you shall be responsible for the conduct and acts/or omissions of your children in using this Website as if these were your own. By registering to the Website you represent and warrant that you are at least 16 years of age and by making any purchase you represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use any services provided on the Website is at your sole risk. All Digital Recordings provided via the Website are provided "as is" and "as available" for your use, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties of merchantibility, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non infringement.
We do not represent or guarantee that any service provided via the Website will be free from loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interferences, hacking or other security intrusions and we disclaim any liability relating thereto.
We will not be liable in contract, tort or otherwise if you incur loss or damage by connecting to the Website through a third party's hypertext link.
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions, nothing shall limit your rights as a consumer under English law where or insofar as such rights cannot be derogated from by contract.
If any part of the Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from these Conditions and shall not effect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Conditions.
These Conditions and the Privacy Policy referred to herein (as amended from time to time) contain the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter covered and supersede any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings or proposals, written or oral, between you and us in relation to such matters. No oral explanation or oral information given by either of us shall alter the interpretation of these Conditions. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept these Conditions, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a representation in these Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any misrepresentation which has not become a term of these Conditions save that your agreement contained in this clause shall not apply in respect of any fraudulent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of these Conditions.
These Conditions will be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales whose Courts will have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute, save that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to commence and pursue proceedings in alternative jurisdictions.
Physical Products purchased from The Website ("Products")
When placing an order for any Products from the Website, you will state, specifically, which Products you desire to purchase and shall also at the same time confirm to us, at your own risk, your home address, telephone number (including STD code), delivery requirements and selected payment method including credit card/debit card details together with such other details that may be requested at that time from you by us. Any orders received by us after 5.00PM GMT/BST shall be deemed to be received the following working day.
Your contract for purchases of physical items through the Website is with Freerange Records Limited whose registered office address is Freerange Records 4 Bloomsbury Place London WC1A 2QA United Kingdom, and you undertake that any and all products ordered by you are for your own private and domestic use only. You further agree that email can be used as a long-distance means of communication.
No contract for the sale of any product will subsist between you and us until the items ordered have been received by you. At any time until this point we may cancel the sale for any reason.
You undertake that all details you provide to us for the purposes of ordering or purchasing products or services are correct, that the credit or debit card you are using is your own and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the products or services ordered. If there are any changes to the details supplied by you it is your responsibility to inform us as soon as possible.
You may cancel your order at any time prior to your order being dispatched by emailing us at orderenquiry@Freerange.co.uk ensuring that you quote your name, address and order reference number or by telephoning +44 (0) 207 424 2800 between 10am and 6pm GMT/BST, Monday to Friday.
Our returns policy: Without prejudice to your statutory legal rights which remain unaffected, we operate the following returns and refunds policy (Link to returns policy)
All orders are made subject to acceptance by you of these Conditions and fulfillment of any order for Products is subject to stock availability and acceptance by us of your order. We are under no obligation to fulfil any customer order.
For assistance with billing questions or other enquiries please contact us by emailing shop@freerangerecords.co.uk
or alternatively write to us at the following address:
Freerange
oled Stone Barn, Stisted Cottage Farm,
Hollies Road,
Bradwell,
Braintree
Essex, CM77 8DZ,
UK
Lockdown Vinyl Sale
We've having a vinyl Sale. Grab a bargain while stocks last.
Read more
Country*
United Kingdom
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Azores
Bahamas
Bahrain
Balearic Islands
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central Africa
Chad
Chile
China (Peoples Republic of..)
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Corsica
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti Domin
Dominican Repu
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Gui
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynes
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (DPR)
Korea (Rep of)
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Madeira
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk Island
Norway
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Island
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Kitts & Ne
St. Lucia
St. Vincent
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad & Tob
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Em
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futun
Western Samoa
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe