http://www.greensmetal.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Green’s Metal Cut-Off respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “contact” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Green’s Metal Cut-Off website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Green’s Metal Cut-Off is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Green’s Metal Cut-Off website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Green’s Metal Cut-Off may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Green’s Metal Cut-Off reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Green’s Metal Cut-Off and is effective as of November 27, 2018. This statement does not create an agreement between Green’s Metal Cut-Off and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Green’s Metal Cut-Off
2825 Seaboard Lane
Long Beach, California 90805
Phone: 1-562-630-6292
Fax: 1-562-630-6822
Email: info@greensmetal.com
Website:
www.greensmetal.com
© 2020 Green's Metal Cut-Off. All Rights Reserved | Site Created by
Thomas Marketing Services