https://www.keithwalkingfloor.com/privacy-policy/
800-547-6161
sales@keithwalkingfloor.com
Facebook
Linkedin
Pinterest
Twitter
YouTube
Find a Dealer Near You Dealer Map
Facebook
Linkedin
Pinterest
Twitter
YouTube
About
Ask a Tech
Current Openings
Contact Us
Downloads
News
English
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Privacy Policy
KEITH is committed to protecting your data. This policy explains how we collect, use and handle your personal data when you engage with our organization through using our websites, social media platforms, and our automated email service.
This policy may change from time to time. Please check this page to ensure you are aware and in agreement with these policies.
This policy is effective April 18, 2018.
What We Collect:
We may collect the following information:
• Name, Company, Job Title
• Contact information, including email address
• Demographic information such as postal code
• Other information relevant to customer service
How We Use This Information
The purpose of collecting your information is to provide the services you seek from our companies, respond to inquiries, communicate the use of our products, fulfill orders, manage your account, personalize and improve the use of the website, and for general customer service. If you have additionally consented to it, we may also market to you specifically, such as through email contact and remarketing. Data is not kept longer than required.
How We Share Your Information
Your information may be shared with our subsidiary companies, to fulfill account, product and service needs in a timely manner. It may also be shared with third-party providers who perform actions or business functions on our behalf. We do not share, rent or sell your information for marketing purposes outside of our companies.
We may disclose information we collect from you to comply with the law and/or legal process when lawful requests are made. This includes disclosing information regarding investigations into illegal activities or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Our websites may also include links to other websites, including social media links and features. These features are provided by the third-party social media platforms such as Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn and Twitter. We are not responsible for the protection of privacy on these external websites.
This Website May Use A Remarketing Service
This website may use third-party vendor remarketing tracking cookies, including the Google AdWords remarketing service, to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Use of Cookies
When you visit our websites, we automatically collect information such as your browser type, an anonymized IP address, and the referring website. We do not automatically collect information to personally identify you without collecting consent. Our website includes required cookies, to enable the functionality of the website, and functional cookies that allow us to analyze website usage to improve the user experience. This includes the use of Google Analytics. Popular browsers can be set to disable or delete individual cookies.
Email
If you have provided your email for purposes of communication or promotion, we will use your data to contact you. You may remove your consent at any time by clicking on an “unsubscribe” link or replying directly stating that you want to unsubscribe.
Controlling Your Information
KEITH Manufacturing Co. takes security measures to protect customer data from unauthorized access. You may request information on what personal data we store relating to you. If you believe that any information we hold on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us at the following address. You may also contact us to request the deletion of any personal data. Any request to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within 30 days.
You have a Right to Object, stopping your data from being used for direct marketing.
Please contact us via:
sales@keithwalkingfloor.com
KEITH Manufacturing Co.
P.O. Box 1
Madras, OR 97741 USA
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.