https://www.informa.com.au/privacy-policy/
This website uses cookies, including third party ones, to allow for analysis of how people use our website in order to improve your experience and our services. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of such cookies. Click here for more information on our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
Continue
Informa Australia is part of the Informa Connect Division of Informa PLC
Informa PLC
About us
Investor relations
Talent
This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067.
informa
Informa
Conferences
Training
Exhibitions
Insights
About
Sponsors
Contact Us
Go
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Informa Australia Pty Ltd (Informa Australia) would like to thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy is designed to tell you about how we collect and use personal information so that you can make an informed choice about using our services. It applies to our website at www.informa.com.au and to websites for events we run in conjunction with our partners, including www.ausrail.com, www.ntresourcesweek.com.au, www.oceaniacacs.com.au, www.admevents.com.au and www.safetyinaction.net.au (Websites).
You should read this policy carefully and contact us at privacy@informa.com.au if you have any questions. A hard copy of this policy is available free of charge on request.
Informa Australia is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Informa Group PLC and conducts exhibitions, conventions and other events (Events) covering a range of subjects under names including Informa Exhibitions, IIR Conferences and Informa Corporate Learning. Informa Corporate Learning conducts corporate learning training courses for business professionals in Australia and New Zealand, servicing up to 30 industry sectors.
Informa Australia supports and adheres to the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act) and is committed to maintaining the highest standards of privacy and security when dealing with your personal information.
1. How do we collect information about you?
The personal information we may collect from you includes (but is not limited to): your salutation, name, job title, employer name, telephone numbers, email address, address, image (in photograph or video form) and your industry interests. Please note that Informa Australia does not hold any credit card or banking information of our customers.
We generally collect personal information about you directly from you. However, there may be circumstances where we collect information about you from third parties or via other methods, including from publicly available sources. At times we use third party companies to collect personal information and communicate with you via email or telephone on our behalf.
We collect personal information from you in a number of ways, including when you use the Websites (including by subscribing to publications, completing the Contact Us form, registering for our Events or training courses or otherwise submitting enquiries); when you email or telephone us; when you use our online networking tool or event app (Entegy); when you register or complete surveys at our Events (including via our third party supplier, Infosalons); when you enrol or participate in our training courses; and on social media.
We collect personal information relating to our customers, suppliers and partners for our business purposes, including as detailed generally on our Websites. In particular, the information we collect is used to:
Verify your identity and generally administer our relationship with you;
Assist or enable you to enrol and participate in our Events and training courses or subscribe to our publications;
Promote our Events, training courses, publications and related services to you;
Conduct our Events and training courses, including managing our relationships with our suppliers, venue managers, sponsors and Event partners;
Maintain and develop our database, and operate the Websites and our social media accounts; and
Fulfil our legal obligations.
We do not use electronic harvesting software, nor do we use lists which have been generated by means of such software.
The Websites and our social media pages may contain links to other websites and social media pages. Informa Australia is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any of those websites or social media pages.
2. How do we use and disclose your information
We will only use or disclose your personal information for the purpose for which it was collected (as outlined above); for another, related purpose for which you would reasonably expect us to use it; or for any other purpose with your consent (whether express or implied).
Where we conduct Events for, on behalf of, or in collaboration with, others, we may share your personal information with them. We may also share your personal information with key sponsors.
We may put photographs and videos of our Events on social media or on our Website and, by attending our Events, you may be included in those photographs or videos. Your image will not be used for any other purpose without your consent. Please note that speakers at, and sponsors of, our Events may also take and share photographs and videos of our Events in accordance with their own privacy policies and practices.
Depending on the purpose of collection, your personal information may be disclosed to:
external service providers (on a confidential basis and in circumstances where those service providers may only use your information for the purpose of Informa’s activities), such as training facilitators, database managers and credit card facility providers;
specialist advisers to Informa who have been engaged to provide us with legal, accounting, administrative, financial, insurance, research, marketing or other services; and
any other person authorised and specified by you.
In addition, Informa Australia may use or disclose your personal information:
where required or authorised by or under an Australian law (including the Privacy Act) or an order of a court or tribunal;
in accordance with the Privacy Act, including where we hold a reasonable belief that the use or disclosure is required for certain enforcement or health and safety purposes, or that use or disclosure is necessary in relation to certain suspected unlawful activity or misconduct; or
if reasonably necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal or equitable claim or for the purposes of confidential alternative dispute resolution.
If you do not provide some requested personal information, we may be delayed or prevented from finalising our transaction with you, or satisfying your request or enquiry.
3. Direct marketing
From time to time we may send you marketing communications that we consider may be useful to you, including information about our Events, training courses and related activities and services, and communications sent on behalf of key sponsors. We may send marketing communications via email, SMS, social media and telephone. We will only send you such communications where you have:
opted to receive them (including by subscribing to one of our publications or newsletters);
attended one of our Events or training courses, unless you have asked us not to; or
enquired about our Events, training courses and/or publications, unless you have asked us not to.
Where we send you marketing communications following your enquiry or your attendance at one of our Events or training courses, we use our best efforts to ensure that we only send you communications regarding the industry or subject matter to which the relevant Event, training course and/or enquiry relates (or associated industries and subjects).
We give you the right to opt out from receiving communications from us. We will endeavour to process any opt out request as soon as possible, but you may receive communications from us or from third parties whilst we are processing your request. To 'opt out' please email database@informa.com.au with the email address and / or mailing address used in the marketing.
4. What are cookies and why do we use them
We use cookies to collect some statistical data about visitors to the Websites. Cookies are small pieces of data stored on the web browser on your computer. The Websites and associated websites (including those you reach by clicking on advertising) may store cookies on your browser. The cookie doesn’t track any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn’t extract any information from your computer.
The main reasons we store cookies are to:
Gather statistics such as number of visits, pages viewed, types of transactions conducted, time online and documents downloaded to improve site usability; and
Enable us to present customised and appropriate messages from our events and third parties such as targeting more relevant advertisements to you.
If you wish to disable or remove cookies, please visit the ‘Help’ section of your browser or mobile device. Please be aware, however, that parts of the Websites may not function correctly as a result of disabling cookies.
5. How does Informa Australia protect the security of your information?
Informa Australia may hold your personal information in a number of different formats, including software programs (located both onsite and offsite, including in the cloud), databases, filing systems and in offsite backup storage. Personal information held by Informa Australia may be stored in email accounts that are accessible through mobile devices.
Informa Australia employs strict security procedures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. However, we cannot ensure the security of any information that you transmit to us over the Internet and you do so at your own risk.
6. Access to and correction of your personal information
At any time, you may request access to personal information about you that we hold by contacting our Privacy Officer using the details in (10) below. Informa Australia will process your request within a reasonable time. We will generally give you access to your personal information, and if we do not we will take reasonable steps to meet your needs (for example by letting you know generally the kind of information we hold about you). We will also give you the reasons why your request has been refused and advise you on avenues to make a complaint.
You should promptly notify us if there are any changes to your personal information. You may ask us at any time to correct personal information we hold about you by contacting our Privacy Officer.
As part of our updating procedures, we ensure that any personal information that is no longer needed by us is either destroyed or modified so that you can no longer be identified.
7. Cross-Border Data Flows
Informa Australia takes reasonable steps to ensure that overseas recipients to whom we disclose your personal information do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in relation to that information. Given the nature of our business, we are likely to disclose your personal information to recipients in the following overseas countries: Philippines, Singapore, Switzerland, New Zealand and the UK.
8. Sensitive Information
Informa Australia does not generally collect sensitive information about an individual, although we may collect information relating to your dietary and wheelchair access requirements.
9. Changes to this policy
This policy was last updated on 20 December 2017.
Informa Australia may amend this policy from time to time, by publishing a revised policy on our Website. Any changes will be effective as of the date they are published.
10. Privacy Enquiries & Complaints
Please notify our Privacy Officer if you have any enquiries or complaints relating to Informa’s handling of your personal information. We will investigate all complaints and respond to you within a reasonable time and in accordance with our legal obligations.
Privacy Officer
Informa Australia
Level 4, 24 York Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Phone: (+61 2) 9080 4300
Email: privacy@informa.com.au
Fax: (+61 2) 9290 2577
For further information about privacy issues, see the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website at www.oaic.gov.au.
Informa Connect Australia is the nation's leading event organiser. Our events comprise of large scale exhibitions, industry conferences and highly specialised corporate training.
Find out more
COVID-19 Informa Connect Update + Policy