https://www.spalding.com/customer-service/terms-conditions/customization-terms-of-use.html
Skip to main content
External Link Warning
×
You are about to leave our site. Do you want to continue?
Go Back
Continue
Customer Service
U-Design Terms of Use
Spalding U-Design Customization Terms of Use
U-DESIGN SUBMISSION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By making its submission of content for Spalding U-Design customization, [Customer] shall indemnify, defend, and hold Russell Brands, LLC and its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and its and their respective members, managers, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, and agents (the “Indemnitees”) harmless from and against any and all liability, losses, damages, claims, causes of action, awards, judgments, fees, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) incurred by the Indemnitees, arising out of, related to, or in connection with, Customer’s submission, including, without limitation, trademark and copyright infringement.
U-DESIGN PRODUCT RETURNS POLICY
U-Design custom basketball orders can be returned with full refund to your original form of payment only for one of the following eligible reasons: (1) The template, logo design or text lasered onto the basketball was different from the final design submitted by the purchaser. (2) The cover of the basketball (composite leather material) was flawed or damaged; (3) the quality of the laser engraving and decoration is not legible.
We take pride in each U-Design product that we create, which is why it is inspected by hand to make sure the artwork engraved matches the artwork approved. Before you “Approve” your U-Design and pay for your custom basketball, please double check that spelling and information provided to be engraved onto the basketball is correct. Once it is approved, we do not modify your artwork and do not accept changes to it.
Each U-Design custom basketball is made to order. Therefore, we do not accept returns outside of the above exceptions. If your product is damaged or flawed, please contact our Customer Care team at 1(800) 772-5346 (M-F, 8-4:30 CST) or via our contact form.
U-DESIGN CHANGES & CANCELLATION POLICY
Depending on order volume, we begin making your custom basketball immediately after receiving it. Therefore, we don’t accept cancellations of U-Design standard or rush delivery custom basketball orders, nor allow changes of any kind to the artwork after approval. Before you approve your U-Design and pay for your custom basketball, please double check that the spelling and information provided to be engraved onto the basketball is correct.
U-DESIGN SHIPMENT & DELIVERY TIMES
U-Design custom basketball orders are laser engraved and shipped approximately 3 business days after your order is placed. How quickly you receive your U-Design order after the product ships depends on the shipping option selected during checkout.
Order to ship times may vary by season.
U-DESIGN PAYMENT
Consistent with all orders placed on Spalding.com, your payment account will be authorized when your U-Design order is submitted and charged once your order ships.
U-DESIGN WARRANTY
U-Design custom basketballs are covered by Spalding's Inflated Products Warranty
General Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Spalding MVP
Product FAQs
Product Registration
Warranty Information
Warranty Claim
Returns
Check Your Order
State Adoptions
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
DMCA Statement Page
Terms & Conditions
U-Design Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Info
Manuals Page
Catalog PDFs Download Page
Need Help?
If you have any questions, you may contact us to assist you.
Customer Service
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-772-5346
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
Spalding Equipment Customer Service
Have questions on our professional arena and gymnasium equipment? We got you covered.
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-435-3865
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
×
SYSTEM MANUAL FINDER
Select System Type
System Manual Finder
COMBO
Can be mounted to an existing system, pole or roof
Select
PORTABLE
Can be moved for convenience and storage
Select
IN-GROUND
Remains stationary for maximum stability
Select
Select
Portable System
Enter 2 Digit Number
The model number for portable systems will consist of two (2) sets of numbers that will need to be combined. Below are instructions on where to locate these numbers and how to combine them. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 1: The first set of numbers will be a two (2) digit number located on the base. This two (2) digit number will be located near the fill hole where you put the water or sand.
Some System
Enter 3 Digit Number
There is a three (3) digit number on the front of the backboard, to the right of the rim. This set of numbers will identify your system. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 2: The second set of numbers will be a three (3) digit number located on the front of your backboard, to the right of the rim.
Search Results
Previous Step
Next
Start Over
Sign up for Spalding MVP to get 15% off anything on Spalding.com
No Thanks
Sign Up
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Remove Product?
×
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?
Cancel
Yes
Address Correction
We found a more accurate version of the address you entered. Using this one will prevent shipping delays and ensure your shipment is delivered to the correct address.