http://www.optoplast.com/privacy-policy/
Tel: +44 (0) 151 526 2626     Email: cases@optoplast.co.uk
PRIVACY POLICY
Optoplast (referred to below as “we” or “us”) treats with the utmost care and respect the personal information you may supply to us on this site and recognises the importance of protecting your privacy online. Here we explain what information we collect, what we do with it, who else may have access to it, and what controls you have.
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU?
We respect the privacy of every individual who visits our website. We collect information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us or when you complete a form such as register for our email newsletters. If we ask you to provide information that may identify you, our request will be specific. If we ask you to provide additional information, we will explain why we need it and how it will be used. If you do not want your personal data collected, please do not submit it to us.
WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
Our database is held securely and any information you submit may be used in the following ways:
Respond to your questions and requests
Better understand your needs and how we can improve our products
Study the behaviour of visitors to our site
Contact via email with newsletters about our products, launches and offers
Social media
Advertising
Postal mailings
Third party web sites accessed from this web site may be governed by privacy policies and practices that differ from this policy. You are encouraged to familiarise yourself with the privacy policies of each site you visit prior to disclosing any personal information.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION?
Please note, Optoplast is part of Millmead Optical Group and your information may be used across the group. See full group information at www.millmeadopticalgroup.com. We will not sell or rent your information to third parties. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
YOUR CHOICES
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or post unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: cases@optoplast.co.uk or telephone on +44 (0) 151 526 2626. You can also unsubscribe to any email marketing by clicking the unsubscribe button.
HOW YOU CAN UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change your address, phone number, email address or any other information we hold, please email us at: cases@optoplast.co.uk, or write to us at: CS Team, Optoplast, 83 Sefton Lane, Maghull, Liverpool, L31 8BU. Alternatively, you can telephone us on +44 (0) 151 526 2626.
WEBSITE RECORDING
Like most organisations, the Optoplast web server automatically collects and aggregates information about your visit including, but not limited to, your IP address, service provider, browser type and operating system. This information does not personally identify you and we analyse this aggregated information only in order to optimise your experience and enhance the time spent with us online.
TELEPHONE CALL RECORDING
Please note that calls to our customer service team may be recorded for quality and training purposes.
USE OF ‘COOKIES’
Like many other websites, the Optoplast website uses cookies – read our full Cookie Policy here.
POLICY REVIEW
From time to time, we may make changes to this policy and no personal information provided by you under the terms of this policy will be used in a manner that is materially inconsistent with it without your prior written consent. This Policy was last updated in May 2018.
copyright © 2020 Optoplast Manufacturing Ltd
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More
Processing...
Thank you!
Your subscription has been confirmed.
You'll hear from us soon.
Newsletter Stay up to date with our latest news and offers.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Ok