http://www.neuhaus.be/en/doormat/privacy-and-security/cookie-policy/
We use cookies to give you the best possible service on our site. By continuing to use the site you consent to our use of cookies.
Click here to find out more.
Order in time for Christmas and enjoy free shipping from 45€ to 19 EU countries | Due to rush times, delivery can take longer
Order in time for Christmas and enjoy free shipping from 45€ to 19 EU countries
Loading...
Added to Shoppingbasket
Go to Shoppingbasket
Shipping to
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
United States
Neuhaus
Privacy and Security
Cookie Policy
Cookies Policy
Cookies policy
We use cookies to give you the best possible service on our site. By continuing to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data, that are sent from our website and that are stored in your web browser. Cookies contain information that we use to process your order and improve our web services.
Below are the different types of cookies we use on our site:
Strictly necessary cookies:
We use first party cookies to make sure that we provide you with a smooth shopping experience. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
You can set your browser to block cookies or to alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Overview of strictly necessary cookies/first party cookies:
Session:
These cookies enable the use of the “add to cart” functionality, and the “comparison tool” functionality. Once you finish your browsing 'session', all the saved cookies will disappear.
Performance cookies :
performance cookies collect anonymous data that show how well our website is performing.
Neuhaus uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use this site and improve the shopping experience of our customers. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. Note the deliberate emphasis of anonymous, as no personally identifiable information is collected about you unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on this website.
_utma: contains a unique and anonymous identifying ID, which allows us to ensure that subsequent visits to our website are recorded as belonging to the same (unique) visitor.
_utmb: used to establish and continue a unique user session. Each time you request another page from the website the cookie is updated to expire after 30minutes.
_utmc: works with __utmb to determine when to create a new session for a website visitor. This is a session cookie and expires when you exit the browser.
_utmz: tracks how you found us and is used to calculate traffic and navigation within the website
_utmv: relates to custom reporting segments, a feature which we occasionally use on Google Analytics.
Full details of the cookies which Google Analytics uses can be found in Cookies & Google Analytics in documentation for Google's Analytics tracking code. You can also read Google's Privacy Policy for Google Analytics.
We do not share our analytics data with any other third parties.
To opt out of our use of Google Analytics you may wish to consider using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies are used to increase the usability of our website. We use Google Maps on our “Stockist locator” page and “Repair center” page to provide detailed information on how to locate our stockists and repair centres. Google Maps stores up to four cookies: khcookie, NID, SNID and PREF. We use Google's interactive maps because we believe they provide a helpful way for our visitors to identify how best to travel to us. We use Google's interactive maps because we believe they provide a helpful way for our visitors to identify how best to travel to us. We use the Google Maps tools on the basis that Google adheres to its privacy policy and its terms of service for Google.
Social sharing cookies
http://www.neuhaus-online-store.com contains social buttons that allow our customers to share products through social networks such as Facebook and Google+. If you click on a social media button, most will set a third-party cookie e.g. Twitter, Google +1, Facebook etc. Please take this into account if you wish to share content socially - social networks use 3rd-party cookies.
We use the Google "+1" plugin to help us market and promote our business using Google's services. The plugin allows visitors to use the "+1" button to recommend our website to their contacts. The plugin creates at least two cookies, BEAT (a persistent cookie set to expire after 1 day) and ULS (a session cookie). We use the plugin as a convenience for our visitors, and we use it on the basis that Google adheres to its privacy policy for more information.
We use the Facebook "Like Box" plugin to help us market our business using the Facebook Social Network. The plugin detects whether you have "Liked" our Facebook page and uses this information to present either a "Like" button or a "You Like this" message with various other associated details from Facebook. If you are not logged in to Facebook, no cookies should be served. If you are logged in to Facebook, the plugin creates and/or updates a series of third-party cookies. The plugin also uses JavaScript localStorage, creating a key-value pair called "FB_templateDataResponse". We use the plugin as a convenience for our visitors, and we use it on the basis that Facebook adheres to its data use policy - seehttp://www.Facebook.com/about/privacy/ for more information.
We may use YouTube to host video content. When you view a web page on our site with an embedded YouTube video, YouTube creates at least three cookies: VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, use_hitbox, and PREF. In some circumstances you may also find an additional GEO cookie. We use the YouTube service as a convenience for our visitors, and we use it on the basis that Google adheres to its privacy policy for more information.
Targeting/advertising cookies
http://www.neuhaus-online-store.com receives part of its visitors through partner sites and web advertisements. 3rd-party cookies may be set to help identify the contribution of partner sites to our business. Also, some of Google advertisements may contain third party cookies.
Need more information on cookies? Visit www.allaboutcookies.org