http://www.completeplastics.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Screws, Barrels and Tips
Screw Tip Assemblies
Arburg Screw Tip Assemblies
Battenfeld Screw Tip Assemblies
Cincinnati Screw Tip Assemblies
Demag Screw Tip Assemblies
Engel Screw Tip Assemblies
Fanuc Screw Tip Assemblies
Ferromatik Screw Tip Assemblies
Haitian Screw Tip Assemblies
Husky Screw Tip Assemblies
Impco Screw Tip Assemblies
Krauss Maffie Screw Tip Assemblies
Mitsubishi Screw Tip Assemblies
Negri Bossi Screw Tip Assemblies
Newbury Screw Tip assemblies
Niigata Screw Tip Assemblies
Nissei Screw Tip Assemblies
Robo Shot Screw Tip Assemblies
Stokes Screw Tip Assemblies
Sumitomo Screw Tip Assemblies
Toshiba Screw Tip Assemblies
Toyo Screw Tip Assemblies
Van Dorn Screw Tip Assemblies
Barrels for Injection Molding
Arburg Barrels for Injection Molding
Battenfeld Barrels for Injection Molding
Cincinnati Milacron Barrels for Injection Molding
Cincinnati Roboshot Barrels for Injection Molding
Demag Barrels for Injection Molding
Engel Barrels for Injection Molding
Fanuc Roboshot Barrels for Injection Molding
Ferromatik Barrels for Injection Molding
Haitian Barrels for Injection Molding
Husky Barrels for Injection Molding
Impco Barrels for Injection Molding
Krauss Maffie Barrels for Injection Molding
Mitsubishi Barrels for Injection Molding
Negri Bossi Barrels for Injection Molding
Newbury Barrels for Injection Molding
Niigata Barrels for Injection Molding
Nissei Barrels for Injection Molding
Stokes Barrels for Injection Molding
Sumitomo Barrels for Injection Molding
Toshiba Barrels for Injection Molding
Toyo Barrels for Injection Molding
Van Dorn Barrels for Injection Molding
Screws for Injection Molding
Arburg Screws for Injection Molding
Battenfeld Screws for Injection Molding
Cincinnati Milacron Screws for Injection Molding
Cincinnati Roboshot Screws for Injection Molding
Demag Screws for Injection Molding
Engel Screws for Injection Molding
Fanuc Roboshot Screws for Injection Molding
Ferromatik Screws for Injection Molding
Haitian Screws for Injection Molding
Husky Screws for Injection Molding
Impco Screws for Injection Molding
Krauss Maffie Screws for Injection Molding
Mitsubishi Screws for Injection Molding
Negri Bossi Screws for Injection Molding
Newbury Screws for Injection Molding
Niigata Screws for Injection Molding
Nissei Screws for Injection Molding
Stokes Screws for Injection Molding
Sumitomo Screws for Injection Molding
Toshiba Screws for Injection Molding
Toyo Screws for Injection Molding
Van Dorn Screws for Injection Molding
Extruder Screws
Akron Extruder Screws
Barmag Extruder Screws
Cincinnati Extruder Screws
Davis Standard Extruder Screws
NRN Extruder Screws
Wilmington Extruder Screws
Extruder Barrels
Akron Extruder Barrels
Barmag Extruder Barrels
Cincinnati Extruder Barrels
Davis Standard Extruder Barrels
NRN Extruder Barrels
Wilmington Extruder Barrels
Blow Molding Screws
Bekum Blow Molding Screws
Cincinnati Blow Molding Screws
Davis Standard Blow Molding Screws
Krupp Blow Molding Screws
Nissei Blow Molding Screws
Uniloy Blow Molding Screws
Blow Molding Barrels
Bekum Blow Molding Barrels
Cincinnati Blow Molding Barrels
Davis Standard Blow Molding Barrels
Krupp Blow Molding Barrels
Nissei Blow Molding Barrels
Uniloy Blow Molding Barrels
Shooting Pots and Pistons
Toggle Clamp Rebuilds
Nozzle Bodies and Tips
Screw Function
Heaters
Injection molding Nozzle Bands
Big Chief Nozzle Band Heaters
DME Nozzle Band Heaters
Hotset Nozzle Band Heaters
IMS Nozzle Band Heaters
PPE Nozzle Band Heaters
TempCo Nozzle Band Heaters
Watlow Nozzle Band Heaters
Ceramic Bands
Big Chief Ceramic Band Heaters
DME Ceramic Band Heaters
Hotset Ceramic Band Heaters
IMS Ceramic Band Heaters
PPE Ceramic Band Heaters
TempCo Ceramic Band Heaters
Watlow Ceramic Band Heaters
Mica Barrel Bands
Big Chief Mica Barrel Band Heaters
DME Mica Barrel Band Heaters
Hotset Mica Barrel Band Heaters
IMS Mica Barrel Band Heaters
PPE Mica Barrel Band Heaters
TempCo Mica Barrel Band Heaters
Watlow Mica Barrel Band Heaters
Mineral Insulated Bands
Big Chief Mineral Insulated Band Heaters
DME Mineral Insulated Band Heaters
Hotset Mineral Insulated Band Heaters
IMS Mineral Insulated Band Heaters
PPE Mineral Insulated Band Heaters
TempCo Mineral Insulated Band Heaters
Watlow Mineral Insulated Band Heaters
Cartridge Heaters
BigChief Cartridge Heaters
DME Cartridge Heaters
Hotset Cartridge Heaters
IMS Cartridge Heaters
PPE Cartridge Heaters
TempCo Cartridge Heaters
Watlow Cartridge Heaters
Coil Heaters
DME Coil Heaters
Thermocouples
Slide Products
Injection Mold Lubricants
Injection Molding Cleaners
Injection Mold Releases
Injection Molding Purging Compounds
Injection Mold Rust Preventives
Slide Products SDS Sheets
Equipment
Injection Molding Machines
Injection molding machine-EKS Series
Injection molding machine-FE Series
Injection molding machines - DK Series
Injection molding machines-EKII Series
Dual Platen injection molding machines
Electric injection molding machine
Hydraulic injection molding machine
Hydraulic-servo injection molding machines
Sterling Auxiliary Equipment
Granulators
Material Handling and Blending
Mold Tempertaure Controllers
Sterling Chillers
Yudo Robotics
Other Products
Barrel Blankets
Conveyors
Gaylord and Drum Covers
Hot Runner Control Systems
Mold Chutes and Shields
Oil Filtration
PVC Material and Drier Hose
Tie Bars for Injection Molding Machines
About
About Our Company
Contact Our Team
Blog
Cart
(0)
Shopping Cart
Your cart is empty!
Call Us Now (770) 427-3834
Terms and Conditions
In General
Complete Plastic Systems, Inc. / Heat Tech Systems, Inc. (“completeplastics.com”) owns and operate this Website.  This document governs your relationship with completeplastics.com (“Website”). Access to and use of this Website and the products and services available through this Website (collectively, the "Services") are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the "Terms of Service"). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of this Website.
This Website may contain links to other websites (the "Linked Sites"), which are not operated by completeplastics.com. completeplastics.com has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy, which sets out how we will use your information, can be found at Privacy Policy Link. By using this Website, you consent to the processing described therein and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Prohibitions
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offense; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person's proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as "spam"; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offense and completeplastics.com will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content (including photographic images) made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of completeplastics.com or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by completeplastics.com and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price.
Dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.
In order to contract with completeplastics.com you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. completeplastics.com retains the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by email and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be completeplastics.com or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party completeplastics.com is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
(a) Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order: this email will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us will not be formed until we send you confirmation by e-mail that the goods which you ordered have been dispatched to you. Only those goods listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
(b) Pricing and Availability
Whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund. Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the 'Total Cost'.
(c) Payment
Upon receiving your order we carry out a standard authorization check on your payment card to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil the transaction. Your card will be debited upon authorisation being received. The monies received upon the debiting of your card shall be treated as a deposit against the value of the goods you wish to purchase. Once the goods have been despatched and you have been sent a confirmation email the monies paid as a deposit shall be used as consideration for the value of goods you have purchased as listed in the confirmation email.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law completeplastics.com and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Website or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect completeplastics.com's liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Disclaimer as to ownership of trade marks, images of personalities and third party copyright
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trade marks and content, services and/or locations featured on this Website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with completeplastics.com and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trade marks/names featured on this Website are owned by the respective trade mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to completeplastics.com.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless completeplastics.com, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this Website or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
completeplastics.com shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Website.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and completeplastics.com. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of completeplastics.com.
PRIVACY POLICY - RETURN & REFUND POLICY
PARTS - ASSEMBLIES - EQUIPMENT - HEATERS - SLIDE PRODUCTS - ABOUT - CONTACT
Copyright © 2020. All rights reserved.
Complete Plastic Systems, Inc. ~ Heat Tech Systems, Inc.
2106 Moon Station Dr NW, Kennesaw, GA 30144
P: (770) 427-3834 | F: (770) 427-3932 | E: sales@completeplastics.com
Website design, maintenance and hosting by MarketPros