https://www.shccares.com/privacy-policy
Job Seekers
Travel Nursing
Hospitals
Behavioral Health
Schools
Home Health
Corrections
Long-Term Acute Care
COVID Screening and Contact Tracing
Clients
What We Staff
Nursing
Allied and Therapy
Non-Clinical Staffing
Screening & Contact Tracing
Workforce Solutions
MSP
Direct Hire
Contingent Staffing
EMR
Float Pool Management
Care Settings
Hospitals
Schools
Long - Term Care
Home Health
Out Patient Clinics
Correctional Facilities
About SHC
SHC Information
About Us
Events
Press Room
Office Locations
Awards and Recognition
Contact Us
Resources
Life at SHC
Corporate Careers
Company Culture
Benefits
Philanthropy
Diversity and Inclusion
Care More Spotlight
Blog
Login
Create Profile
So You Know
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.shccares.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct communication on the website. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party except an organization to assist us communicating with you or if you authorize an employment relationship.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to discuss specific job opportunities and/or to provide career resources.
Your Access to and Control Over Information  You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We utilize physical and technological security control systems for the website and data storage environment to prevent unauthorized access to stored data. However, no security control system is infallible so we disclaim any guarantee of confidentiality.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Change
We reserve the right to revise the privacy policies at any time. Any revision, will be effective from the date of posting on the website.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email  privacy@shccares.com .
About Us
Supplemental Health Care is different by design. We believe in the power of connection. That’s why, for more than 30 years we’ve been connecting clients and quality healthcare professionals to bring better health services to patients across the nation. From healthcare staffing to professional career advancement, we’re here to help you make the right connection.
Supplemental Health Care: Worry Less, Care More
Menu
Job Seeker
Clients
About Us
Blog
Login
Begin Application
Contact Us
866.474.6677 - TOLL FREE
ContactUs@shccares.com
1640 W. Redstone Center Drive,Suite 200
Park City, Utah 84098
Copyright 2020 | Website by Atlanta Digital Marketing Group
Privacy Policy