http://www.moneyworld.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Life Insurance
Get a quote
FAQ’s
Do you need advice?
Level Term Insurance
Decreasing Mortgage Life Insurance
Critical Illness Cover
Trusts
Income Protection
Savings & Investments
Structured Investment Products
Structured Deposit Products
Investment Bonds
Fund Supermarket
Junior ISA
Annuities
Blog
Contact Us|
About Us|
Home » Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Business
Jeff Ludgate Ltd trading as Moneyworld is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Our FCA number is 136837 and our registered company number is 2193788.
Moneyworld is bound by the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority and will provide non-advised sales on our website in accordance with the FCA’s Insurance Conduct of Business (ICOB) rules.
General
Access to and use of this website is subject to these Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy. By accessing and using this website you agree to be bound by and to act in accordance with these Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions or our Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to access and use this website and you should cease such access and/or use immediately.
We reserve the right to amend these Terms & Conditions from time to time without notice by amending this page. The amended Terms & Conditions will be effective from the date they are posted on this website. As these Terms & Conditions may be amended from time to time, you should check them whenever you visit this website. Your continued use of this website will constitute your acceptance of the amended Terms & Conditions.
Service
Moneyworld provides a non-advised ‘execution only’ service for insurance, investment and retirement products.
Moneyworld will not offer any financial advice or guidance for any of the products available on our website. If a customer requires financial advice we recommend that they contact an independent financial adviser.
Due to the nature of our service, we will not review any investment you have purchased via our company
We do not handle clients’ money, we will only accept client money in respect of our fees for arranging investments and insurance. Client investments must always be paid directly to the investment company by cheque or electronic payment.
Our charges/remuneration
Our income comes either from fees paid by the customer or by commission paid to us from an insurance company. We will always make you aware what our fee is or how much commission is being paid to us.
Product information
Information on our website about insurance, investment or retirement products is provided to us by the relevant companies. We strive to ensure everything on our website is correct but it is subject to change.
Complaints procedure
If you should have a complaint about a product or service provided by Moneyworld, please write to the Compliance Officer at Moneyworld, 34 High Street, High Wycombe, Bucks, HP11 2AG. Alternatively please contact us at admin@moneyworld.com or by telephone on 01494 443806.
Clients should be aware that if they are unhappy with any response to a complaint received from us, they may complain directly to the Financial Ombudsman Service.
Financial Services Compensation Scheme
Moneyworld contributes to the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS), providing compensation where there have been omissions by us resulting in a loss to a customer. The actual level of compensation you could receive will depend on the basis of your claim. The FSCS only pays compensation for financial loss. Compensation limits are per person per firm, and per claim category. For full details of what the FSCS covers together with compensation levels please visit the FSCS ‘what we cover’ page on their website.
Please be aware that buying protection products without advice will affect your right to recourse via the Financial Ombudsman Service, this is only in the event of the suitability of a product bought on a non-advised basis. You could still make a claim to the ombudsman about the service received, unclear or misleading information or that you received information equivalent to advice prior to an execution-only sale taking place.
Data protection
Moneyworld ensures all data is held in compliance with current and future legislation. A client has the right to a copy of all information we hold about them, and to correct any inaccuracies. We will maintain records of data we hold on clients for a minimum period of 6 years from the date of their transaction. Further information can be found in our Privacy Policy.
Delay in processing
Moneyworld cannot be held responsible for any delay beyond its control, or as a result of a failure by any party (including the client) to complete all the necessary steps to process a transaction.
Money laundering regulations
Moneyworld reserves the right to approach a third party in order to verify the identity of a client, or any other person providing funds on behalf of an investment made in the client’s name. Where further information is required to verify identity, Moneyworld reserves the right to delay applications or withhold settlement until sufficient identification has been provided.
Law
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. This contract is supplied in English and Moneyworld will communicate with you in English.