http://www.necu.org/about/privacy-and-security/
Download the NECU app on iTunes.
Dismiss
Home / About / Privacy and Security
HistoryMission StatementPresident's MessageAnnual ReportsLove Your CommunityCommunity OutreachPressPrivacy and SecurityCookie Policy
Privacy and Security
At Northeast Credit Union, the Board of Directors, management and staff make protecting your privacy and web security a priority.
We recognize that preserving your trust includes protecting your personal and financial information. We do not share any information that you provide us with third parties other than what is necessary to provide you with the services or products you have requested, is required by law, or to protect you from becoming victim of fraud.
Privacy Notice
We are required by law to give you this notice with our privacy policy. It describes our policies and practices that protect your privacy and enables us to share information to make available competitive financial products and services. These practices are followed by the credit union. Click here to view our privacy policy. If you have any questions about our policy, please contact a Member Services Representative at 888-436-1847 or memberservices@necu.org.
What you can do to protect your personal and financial information
Equip yourself with the knowledge of how to protect your personal and financial information from getting into the wrong hands. Visit our Fraud Prevention Center to learn more.
Help us keep you safe
It’s very important that we have your current contact information (including phone numbers for home, work, mobile and email address) in case we need to notify you of a potential fraud risk.
Your participation and immediately responding to our contact efforts is a crucial step in helping to prevent fraud from happening to you.
• Contact us with your most up-to-date contact information
• Notify us if you will be traveling and using your Debit or Credit Card to avoid service interruptions
• To report Fraud on your Debit or Credit Card call 888-436-1847 or send us a secure message through Online Banking under ‘Message Center’.
• Block a lost or stolen card using Cardvalet® app, by calling 888-436-1847 and select option #6 or through Online Banking under ‘Services’, ‘Lost, Stolen Card’.
Northeast Credit Union will never call, email or send a text message and ask you for your account numbers, PIN or other personal information.
News and Events
All the Ways To Bank Safely
Read More »
Talk to a Debt Specialist
Read More »
Apply For a Home Equity Loan!
Read More »
Open An Account Today!
Read More »