http://www.columbia300.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
BALLS
BALLER SERIES
BALLER
SAVAGE SERIES
SAVAGE LIFE
SAVAGE
CHAOS SERIES
CHAOS BLACK
CHAOS
RESURGENCE SERIES
BEAST SERIES
MESSENGER SERIES
POLYESTER SERIES
ALL BOWLING BALLS
RETIRED BALLS
BAGS
ACCESSORIES
APPAREL PARTNERS
STAFF
FIND A PRO SHOP
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
Close cart
COLUMBIA 300 BOWLS THE WORLD OVER!
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Columbia300.com.
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contacts from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new products or services.
You do not have to provide personal information to gain access to or browse our Web site. We may collect personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or other demographic information, but only after you give consent. Personal information may be collected in various forms including contest entry forms, site registration, warranty registration, e-mail messages, and requests for information Columbia 300.
We do not intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 and would like to register at Columbia300.com, please ask a parent or guardian for assistance.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct/delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
The security of your personal information is important to us; but remember no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW!
Join Columbia 300 fans around the world and receive information about our newest products, upcoming events, and promotions.
Subscribe
"Close (esc)"
"Close (esc)"