https://www.hawker-electronics.co.uk/terms_conditions
Level control & indication in liquids and powders
Home
Products
Applications
Know How
Resources
About
Contact Us
Conductivity Products
Utrasonic Products
Capacitance Products
Pressure Products
Control Products
Home >
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Use of this site is provided by Hawker Electronics subject to the following Terms and Conditions.
Your use of this site constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of the site.
Hawker Electronics reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions from time to time by posting changes online. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to Hawker Electronics are provided "as is" without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied. In no event will Hawker Electronics be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use or in connection with such use or loss of use of the site, whether in contract or in negligence. Whilst Hawker Electronics endeavours to ensure the information contained in this site is accurate, it does not warrant that it is error free.
Hawker Electronics does not warrant that the functions contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, and reliability of the materials.
Copyright restrictions:
Commercial use or publication of all or any item displayed is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from Hawker Electronics. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence by Hawker Electronics to use any item displayed.
Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not Hawker Electronics). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
This site may contain links to other sites, please be aware that Hawker Electronics is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and takes no responsibility for their content or availability.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this site must be terminated immediately.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us at info@hawker-electronics.co.uk
Please select one
900 Dual Trip Amplifier
920 Auto Sequencer for two pumps
990 Signal Conditioner
AC Plus.
A complete level controller & starter assembly
AC1 & AC1/P Controller for wall & panel mounting
AC5/6 Controller for 2 pumps duty/standby or duty/assist. Auto sequence option /AS
Alarum.
Electrode Holder & combined electronics for Alarm
Auto Pump Priming System, APP-C & APP-P
Borehole Electrode E4 and E5
Bubbler
Building Services Alarm
Building Services Alarm
Controller with cable monitoring
DC1/P and DC1 Controller for 10 to 27 volt DC operation
E13A Multi-Electrode Holder
E14 Multi-Electrode Holder
E23 Multi-Electrode Holder
E23P Pressure tight Multi Electrode Holder
Electrode Brackets
Flexicap FCP
Flexicap FCP/4-20
Flexicap FXL3
Floats
Heavy Duty HPE8
Heavy Duty HPE8/P
HPTX
Light Duty HPE7
Light Duty HPE7/P
Light Duty HPE7/Pa
Magicap LS1
Magicap LS8
Magiflex System MP & UC1
Medium Duty E22
Miniature E15
MiniSonda Ultrasonic transmitter
Model DM224
P4 Plug in Level Controller for Panel Mounting
P8/IS Intrinsically Safe Conductivity Level Controller
PM1 phase monitor controller
Power Supply Unit PS2
Pressure Transducers & Transmitters
Sondaloop
UC1/P
Featured Products
P8/IS Intrinsically Safe Conductivity Level Controller
ATEX and IECEx certified (to Zone 0) DIN...
MiniSonda Ultrasonic transmitter
MiniSonda ultrasonic transmitter
This...
990 Signal Conditioner
Signal Instrument. Internal simulator in...
Flexicap FXL3
Flexilevel 3 controller/Indicator c/w 5 ...
Auto Pump Priming System, APP-C & APP-P
APP-C & APP-P automatic smart pump primi...
Controller with cable monitoring
SCFA2 Single Channel Flood Alarm
...
© 2020 Hawker Electronics | Hawker Electronics Limited, 57 The Avenue, Rubery Industrial Estate, Birmingham, B45 9AL | tel: 0121 4538911 | terms & conditions | privacy
website by Hughes Media