https://www.flavorchem.com/about/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions | Flavor Solutions | Flavorchem
Menu
About
History
Careers
Product Solutions
Flavors
Bakery & Snacks
Beverage
Confectionery
Culinary
Dairy
Health & Wellness Nutrition
Extracts & Essential Oils
Masking & Sweeteners
Colors
Coffee
Services
Flavor Innovation
Quality & Regulatory
Market Insight
Turnkey Manufacturing
Supply Chain
Blog
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Website Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer (effective July 12th, 2010)
Flavorchem Corporation (“Flavorchem”) is providing this Privacy Policy to explain its policies regarding personal information that may be provided by visitors (“users”) to this website. No confidential information should be provided to Flavorchem through this site, and Flavorchem will not be responsible as to any damages users might suffer in that respect. The “Personally Identifiable Information” in this policy refers to information that users provide to Flavorchem through www.flavorchem.com or other websites of Flavorchem and its affiliates that can be used to uniquely identify the users. Flavorchem will collect, use and disclose Personally Identifiable Information about the users for its own business purposes; however, Flavorchem will not sell any Personally Identifiable Information about the users to third parties.
Flavorchem reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any material modification will be posted on this website and effective immediately upon posting. By accessing this website after changes are posted, users are agreeing to all changes. Persons under 18 must have permission from their parent or guardian before they enter this site.
Collection and Use of Information
Flavorchem may collect any content, record, or electronic communication of any kind, as long as it complies with applicable laws. This includes both information that the users share with us, as well as other information collected, for example through Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses and the use of “cookies,” which may be placed on the users’ computers when they access the website. (See the “IP Addresses and Cookies” Section below).
In order to provide users with its business services, Flavorchem may collect Personally Identifiable Information about the users, such as names, telephone numbers, e-mail and mailing addresses, and other related information. Flavorchem may also disclose and share Personally Identifiable Information with others. However, Flavorchem will not sell any Personally Identifiable Information about the users to any third party except in the case of a merger, dissolution or restructuring of Flavorchem. In that case the Personally Identifiable Information or other information owned by Flavorchem may be transferred to the other party or parties who will comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer.
Flavorchem owns all rights to information collected on this website, and may freely collect, use and disclose such information, unless otherwise prohibited by this Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer or applicable law.
IP Addresses and Cookies
Flavorchem may log IP addresses and track user sessions for its own business use. Flavorchem may use cookies to track the use of this website and to facilitate and enhance the users’ experiences on the website.
Security
No data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secured. As a result, while Flavorchem strives to protect the users’ information, it cannot warrant the security of any information users transmit to it. To prevent unauthorized access, Flavorchem has put in place procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects online. While Flavorchem cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur; Flavorchem tries to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. If a breach of the Flavorchem security systems occurs, Flavorchem will notify users of the breach when notice is required by law.
Privacy Practices of Third Party Websites
This website may contain links to other websites. Flavorchem is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any other websites, including websites of any sponsors or linked websites, or for the privacy policies or practices of any other third parties.
No Warranties
The statements contained within the Flavorchem website are not warranties as to the performance or suitability of any product, nor should they be considered as recommendations to use Flavorchem products in violation of any laws, patents or official regulations dealing with the manufacture, composition, local labeling procedures, product design or end usage. Flavorchem assumes no responsibilities for any errors that may appear. All products are supplied subject to our sales conditions in force at the relevant time.
Agreement to Terms; Indemnification
By accessing this website, users are agreeing to the current terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of information discussed here. By accessing this website, users are also agreeing to this website’s terms of use and specifically agree to indemnify Flavorchem and hold Flavorchem harmless against any and all personal and property losses to the users or others incurred as a result of the use of this website.
Disclaimer
The information provided within this website is provided without any responsibility on the part of either Flavorchem or its affiliates for any damages, losses or claims. Any and all liability for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, costs and fees, including attorney fees, arising out of errors or omissions in, access to, use or inability to use this site and any content of this site or the content of any site or hyperlink sites to this site is hereby disclaimed.
Users can direct questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer or this website in general to Flavorchem’s IT Department.
Product SolutionsFlavors
Extracts & Essential Oils
Masking & Sweeteners
Colors
Coffee
ServicesFlavor Innovation
Quality & Regulatory
Market Insight
Turnkey Manufacturing
Supply Chain
Site LinksCareers
Site Terms & Conditions
PO Terms & Conditions
CA Transparency Act
Orchidia Fragrances
Follow Us
Copyright 2020 | Site Designed By NEWMEDIA
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Enter Email
Confirm Email
Company*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
CLOSE