http://www.pgrfurniture.com.au/privacy
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy
At PGR Furniture Marketing Pty. Ltd and any of our subsidiaries we are totally committed to respecting your privacy and we are bound by the privacy act of 1988. For more information, visit www.privacy.gov.au
This privacy statement sets out PGR Furniture Marketing Pty. Ltd. policies on personal information, how we collect the information, the purposes for which this information is used and to whom we disclose this information to. What information do we collect?
The type and extent of information we collect from you will depend on the circumstances of the collection and service type you require from us. We only collect limited personal information to assist us in providing a professional and timely service to you. This information usually consists of your title, name, contact details, (address, telephone, fax & email address).
We only collect information where you knowingly provide it and we assume that you have consented to the collection of this information when you comply with our requests on the above details or any further information requested of you unless you advise otherwise.
How we use this information PGR Furniture Marketing Pty. Ltd. generally collects this information to:
Complete a transaction.
To deal with any delivery concerns you may have or after sales service. To keep you informed with new or closeout products which may be of interest to you.
For planning, product development or research purposes.
Disclosure of personal information We will only send or disclose information about you to other companies if:
We have your consent to share information. We need to send your information to companies who are contracted to PGR Furniture Marketing Pty. Ltd. for the purpose of deliveries, assemblers, contract tradesman, finance companies or If we are required to do so by law to disclose this information.
Storage and Retention of Personal information
We ensure that Personal Information will be stored and safeguarded against any loss, access and misuse.
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as necessary to enable us to provide you adequate service and/or for the duration of the warranty period.
Should you wish to have your Personal Information removed from our data base at any time, please contact our Privacy Officer Helen Lewis.
Access and correction
We will most certainly upon request provide you with access to any information we hold about you, including for the purpose of correcting or updating any information.
Please contact our Privacy Officer as shown below should you require any information or details amended?
We will update your information within a reasonable period and no fee is applicable for this service.
Changes to this statement
PGR Furniture Marketing Pty. Ltd. may from time to time make changes to this policy for any reason.
We will publish those changes on our website at PGR Furniture's Privacy Policy
Contact For any further information relating to your personal details contact our Privacy Officer
Helen Lewis at:
PGR Furniture Marketing Pty. Ltd.
P.O. Box 446
North Melbourne
3051 Victoria - Australia
Tel: +61 3 9326 6555
Fax: +61 3 9328 3982
Or email helen@pgrfurniture.com.au
×
Get a quote for my wishlist
Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Submit Quote
Close