http://www.pacificoffice.com/privacy-policy
Sales and Support:
(888) 896-9029
Email:
info@pacificoffice.com
Company
About
Careers
Blog
Contact Us
Support
For information about our response to COVID-19, please click here
Close
POA is now selling No-Contact Temperature Scanners and Health & Safety Care Packs (PPE) to keep employees and offices safe
Learn More
X
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your Consent
Please read this privacy policy carefully before you use our site.
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on May 31, 2012.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When visiting our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most website providers, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the “Do we use cookies?” section below for further information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To respond to a request. Information you provide in a request for service or information will be forwarded to us. We will use this information to respond to your request.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic e-mails. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive e-mails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail.
Notice: We prohibit the transfer of e-mail addresses collected on this site for the purpose of sending commercial e-mail solicitations.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology to protect any non-public information you submit. This technology protects visitors from having their information intercepted by anyone while it is being transmitted. We work hard to ensure that our systems are secure and that they meet industry standards. Where appropriate, we employ firewalls, encryption technology, user authentications systems, and access control mechanisms to control access to systems and data.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to conduct and to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell or trade to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Although we may use third party vendors to provide certain services related to the services and products you may purchase or to process information you provide, we will not distribute your personal information to other outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (The Children’s' Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Hyperlinks
This website contains hyperlinks or “links” to other sites, and other sites may “link” to this site. Websites linking to and from this site may have different privacy practices from the ones described here. Visitors to our site should read the privacy statements of other websites they visit.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Pacific Office Automation
14747 NW Greenbrier Parkway
Beaverton, OR 97006
503-601-2228
hq@pacificoffice.com
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
We do not knowingly publish (or permit individuals to publish) copyrighted materials without permission. If you believe that any material published on this website has been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, and if you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed, please notify us of any alleged infringement. Your notice to our Copyright Agent should be in the form of a written, signed statement containing the following information:
a description of the infringing material
a description of the copyrighted work(s) that you believe has been infringed;
the name of the owner of the copyright,
your name,
your address, telephone number and/or email address,
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the allegedly infringing use was not authorized by the owner, an agent for the owner, or by law,
a statement that all of the information you have provided is true, and
a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of the copyright or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
Request Consultation
Name*
Email*
Phone Number*
Zip Code*
Preferred method of contact?
Email
Phone
Either
Nearest branch location *
Select Location
Tucson, AZPhoenix, AZSanta Fe Springs, CASanta Ana, CASan Jose, CAPleasanton, CACentennial, COPocatello, IDIdaho Falls, IDBurley, IDBoise, IDSanta Fe, NMAlbuquerque, NMSalem, ORMedford, OREugene, ORBend, ORBeaverton, ORSalt Lake City, UTSpokane, WASeattle, WAKennewick, WAFife, WAEverett, WA
Company Name
Related Industry
Small business
Legal
Healthcare
Education
Government or Non-Profit
Other
Number of Employees
1–5
5–25
25–50
50–100
100–500
500–1,000
1,000+
Message
What are your current technology frustrations or concerns?
My printing costs are too high
I can't monitor or control my printing costs
Security
Document management & storage
Print workflow
IT maintenance
Mobile workers
Integrating hardcopy into digital workflow
Service and supplies replenishment
×
Trans-West Network Solutions has grown!
Combining our solid infrastructure with Pacific Office Automation's long-term success, we're able to better serve our clients. You are now visiting our new website.
Request Service
Got it!
Customer Service: 1-800-369-0563
Email: ServiceMitel@pacificoffice.com (emergencies please call)
Normal Business Hours: M-F 7:30AM - 5:00PM PST
×
Request Service
Equipment ID Number *
Company Name *
Contact Name *
Your Phone *
Zip Code *
Your Email *
Customer Number
Product Type
Manufacturer
Model
Machine Error Code
Describe Issue
Submit
×
Request W-9 Forms
Name
Email *
Business Name *
Message
Submit
×