http://www.rga.com/privacy-notice
Privacy NoticeWe at R/GA (“R/GA”, “we” or “us”), respect your concerns about privacy.
This Privacy Notice describes the types of information collected through the R/GA website at http://www.rga.com (the “Site”), and how we may use the information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information.
We also describe the measures we take to safeguard the information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices.Effective Date: August 2, 2017
We at R/GA (“R/GA”, “we” or “us”), respect your concerns about privacy.  This Privacy Notice describes the types of information collected through the R/GA website at http://www.rga.com (the “Site”), and how we may use the information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information.  We also describe the measures we take to safeguard the information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect and store personal information (such as name and other contact details) that you choose to provide to us when you provide them through the Site or when you contact us.  The types of personal information we collect may include:
Contact information, such as your name and email address;
When you create or login to your account, login credentials (email and password);
When you apply for a job, your name, email address, phone number, gender, ethnicity, and any other information you may provide in your cover letter or résumé; and
Other personal information you may submit to us.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT BY AUTOMATED MEANS
We may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies and web beacons when you visit this Site.  Information about these practices is available at rga.com/cookies-notice.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the information we obtain about you both to further our relationship with you and for other purposes, including to:
Process, evaluate and respond to your requests and inquiries;
process employment applications, including by assessing qualifications, verifying information, and conducting reference or other employment-related checks;
create and manage your account;
operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new services; managing our communications; determining the effectiveness of our advertising; learning about our visitors, analyzing our services and website; and facilitating the functionality of our website);
enforce our Terms of Use; and
comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards and our policies.
In addition, we use information collected online through cookies and other automated means for purposes such as (i) recognizing your computer when you visit the Site, (ii) tracking you as you navigate the Site, (iii) improving the Site’s usability, (iv) analyzing use of the Site, and (v) managing the Site. We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our Site, identify users of our Site, and gather demographic information about our users.  We may use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our Site, how users navigate through our Site, and how we may tailor our Site to better meet the needs of our users.
We may use personal information for other additional purposes.  We will identify these additional purposes at the time of collection.
ONLINE TRACKING
We may also use third-party solutions to conduct web analytics, such as Google Analytics.  Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to help analyze how users use this website.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site (such as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and time the page was viewed, demographics and interest reports) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States.  Google will use this information to monitor your use of this Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services related to website activity and internet usage.  Google may transfer this information to third parties where required by law, or where such third parties process information on Google’s behalf.  For more information about Google’s privacy policy in respect of Google Analytics, please refer to http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
You may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl+en=GB.
On the Site, we may collect information about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests.  This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
Third parties may track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons, to collect or receive information from our Site and elsewhere on the internet.  This information is used to provide measuring services and show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests.
To learn more about how to opt out of interest-based advertising, click here.
This Site is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
SHARING INFORMATION
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described herein or otherwise disclose to you at the time the data is collected.
We may share your information among R/GA-related entities.  We also may share information provided by our visitors to this Site with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, including without limitation, hosting or operating this Site and analyzing data.  We require these service providers by contract to appropriately safeguard the privacy and security of personal information they process on our behalf.
We may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.  We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
DATA TRANSFER
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected.  For example, we may transfer the information to our service provider in the United States that host the Site.  Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.  By submitting your personal data, you consent to this transfer.  When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Notice and in accordance with applicable law.
SECURITY
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Site may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly encourage you to review to better understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing personal information. We are not responsible for the content of the linked websites, any use of these sites, or the privacy practices of these sites.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Site is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 on the Site.
ACCESS, UPDATES AND YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Subject to applicable law, you may (i) have the right to access certain personal information we maintain about you and obtain a copy of that information, (ii) update or correct inaccuracies in that information, (iii) object to our use of your personal information, and (iv) delete your personal information from our database.  To exercise these rights, please contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Notice.  To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information.  If you are resident in the EU, a charge may be applicable before we provide a copy to you of any of your personal information that we maintain.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change or add to this Privacy Notice from time to time and will post any revisions on the Site.  We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Notice when it was most recently updated.  Your continued use of the Site subsequent to any change to this Privacy Notice constitutes your acceptance of the change.  Please review this statement periodically to ensure you are aware of any changes or updates to this Privacy Notice.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, please feel free to email us at legal@rga.com or write to:
R/GA Media Group Inc.
450 West 33rd Street
12th Floor
New York, NY 10001
U.S.A
If you are located in the European Economic Area, write to us at:
R/GA Media Group Limited
99 Clifton Street
London EC2A 4LG
United Kingdom