https://www.vanetworking.com/terms-conditions/
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
Member Login
Terms & Conditions
Thank you for visiting our website (hereinafter “Website(s)”, “Site(s)”), owned, operated and controlled by Mediamage Business Solutions, a Canadian company (hereinafter, “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”).
This Policy pertains to, and covers, the following websites:
www.VAnetworking.com
www.VAinsiders.com
www.VirtualAssistantCareer.com
www.VAvirtuosos.com
www.VAcertified.com
www.VirtualAssistantShop.com
www.VAsupportdesk.com
www.HireaVirtualAssistant.com
www.Mediamage.com
If you continue to browse and use these websites, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the relationship between Mediamage Business Solutions and you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our websites.
The term “Mediamage Business Solutions” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website, www.Mediamage.com whose registered office is 260-22529 Lougheed Hwy., Suite 947, Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada, V2X 0T5. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Use of This Web Site
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website may use cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, please refer to our privacy policy for details of what data we may collect and how it may be used.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness
View our Privacy Policy online.
Affiliate Disclosure: We may use affiliate links in our newsletter, website pages, articles, blog posts and social media links. Making money from being an affiliate is a great way to add an additional revenue stream to your business.  Please note, we only recommend or use affiliate links for companies we fully believe in. No one is paying us to review or promote their services or products. We promote them because they are good services or good people to work with.
Customer Service Policy:
At Mediamage Business Solutions, our goal is to treat and serve our clients and customers as we ourselves like to be treated and served. Whether you are a client, a product customer or a student in one of our training programs, you matter. Your business is important to us.
We will communicate with you in a courteous and professional manner.
We will listen effectively to your requests and promptly take the necessary actions to assist you. We will keep you informed of unexpected delays in service.
We will respond to website questions/requests within 24 hours during normal business hours, Monday-Friday.
We commit to :
Teaching, educating and enlightening our students in a way that they learn more in-depth and with a full understanding of the concepts and principles being taught.
Refund Policy
Mediamage Business Solutions wants its members and customers to be happy with their purchases. If you are unhappy with your purchase, please contact us at 604-542-9664 for an RA number (Return Authorization) number to start the return process (See eligibility below).
Sale items, instantly downloaded products like ebooks, audios, and VAinsider Club Memberships, etc. are final sales and are non-refundable.
The Virtual Assistant Career has a 7-day money-back guarantee (less any coaching session time if utilized during the 7 day period).
Recurring monthly memberships ie) VAinsiders Club may be cancelled by contacting us to request cancellation. Refunds from products from third-party affiliate programs are dealt with directly by the third party themselves and MBS is not responsible for contact with third party nor refunds.
To prevent fraudulent acts, refunds are only issued back through the same payment process as the payment was made through and no substitutions are allowed.  ie) If you paid by your Visa card then the refund can only be issued back to the same Visa card number you paid with and not a different credit card/cash/cheque/etc.
Earnings Disclaimer
None of our training programs are meant to get rich quick programs. Our programs are intended to help guide you to help you grow your business into the money-making empire you have always dreamt of owning. As stipulated by law, we can’t and don’t make any guarantees about your ability to get results or earn any money using our tools, resources or strategies. Each person’s results will be unique depending upon how much effort they each put into the programs. We can lead you in the right direction but in the end, your success will depend on your hard work and implementation. Nothing on any of our websites is a promise or guarantee of results or future earnings, and we do not offer any legal, tax or other professional advice. Any financial numbers referenced on any of our sites are just estimates and not exact and should not be considered as a promise of potential earnings. If you don’t put the work into implementing the strategies in our programs you will achieve little or no results. Any financial numbers referenced on any of our sites, are simply guestimates, and should not be considered as a promise of potential earnings and are for illustrative purposes only. Som who purchase our products will never implement what they are taught and ergo achieve little to no results. We will be here to help and cheer you on your journey, just reach out for help.
How to contact us – If you wish to reach us or our Founder, Tawnya Sutherland, please send us a ticket to our support desk.
Popular Posts
60+ FREE Tools to Help You Easily Work From Home
COVID-19: The Work-at-Home Pandemic
How to Find Clients as a Virtual Assistant
How to Price Your Virtual Assistant Services
200 Services a Virtual Assistant Can Offer Clients
Virtual Assistant Blog TopicsVirtual Assistant Blog Topics
Select Category
Business Sense  (26)
Deep Thoughts  (21)
Finding Clients  (11)
Getting Started  (15)
Marketing Tips  (73)
Outsource > Client Benefits  (56)
Outsource > Client Hiring Tips  (50)
Pricing & Packages  (2)
Product Reviews  (8)
Success Tips  (75)
Uncategorised  (1)
VA Resources  (9)
VA Training  (31)
Search our Blog Posts by keyword
Search for:
Pin It on Pinterest
Shares
2