http://www.hitechltd.com/privacy-policy/
home
about us
capabilities
markets & sectors
news & projects
careers
contact us
+44 (0) 23 9278 8887
sales@hitechltd.com
privacy policy
Home
hi-technology privacy policy
Hi-Technology Group Ltd is fully compliant with EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and is committed to EU data protection requirements (applicable to us as a data processor). We recognise the need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (personal information) you share with us. Meaning, we don’t collect and process users’ personal information beyond what is legally required for the functioning of our products and services.
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address, an email address or other contact information; whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
We strive to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, we intend to adhere to the principles set forth in this online privacy policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your personal information from your country to countries that may not require an ‘adequate’ level of protection for your personal information. In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your personal Information no matter where that personal information is collected, transferred or retained.
Data Security
Hi-Technology Group Ltd provides secure hosting from one of the largest data centres in the UK, which consists of redundant networking connections with high levels of both digital and physical security.
Ours servers are backed up nightly to an offsite location to ensure that if anything were to happen – to the server or the premises – the data would remain completely secure. Each server we provide is fully supported by us at Hi-Technology Group Ltd, alongside the dedicated support team at our data centre, ensuring that we provide the best uptime and the quickest response possible.
All servers are monitored 24/7, alerting key personnel within the company should a data breach occur. This allows us to easily notify users should anything happen to the server.
We ensure that the server, and its packages, are fully up to date at all times, to provide the best possible security and performance to our clients. In addition to this, we have our own dedicated Firewall that sits in front of the server to help protect against DDoS and other attacks.
As well as our firewall, we have a DDoS mitigation software platform, which provides always-on Layer 3/4 DDoS mitigation to ensure the availability of your network when under attack. Each DDoS mitigation centre in our network is based on a Juniper MX480 routing platform and Arbor TMS mitigation platform, for high capacity packet filtering. This software is managed 24/7 by Hi-Technology Group Ltd and a top third-party cybersecurity team at our data centre.
Data Subject Rights
GDPR compliance requires data subjects be granted certain rights. What follows is not an exhaustive list, but those rights that are relevant to the collection, processing, and storage of personal data on www.hitechltd.com.
Right to Access
Data subjects reserve the right to request and obtain confirmation that data is or is not being collected on them and if so, exactly what data is being collected, how, where, and for what purposes. This data can be manually requested via sales@hitechltd.com and provided in an electronic format free of charge.
Right to Be Forgotten
Should data subjects at anytime wish to withdraw their consent and no longer allow Hi-Technology Group Ltd to store their personal data, this request can be manually made via sales@hitechltd.com. Please be sure to include the full name (including any prefixes) and email address of whom the data is in reference too, so that all data relating to the data subject in question can be accurately removed.
Data Portability
Similar to the Right to Access, Data Portability requires that data subjects are able to request, obtain, and/or transfer possession of collected data at any time. As mentioned above, this data can be manually requested via sales@hitechltd.com, and provided in an electronic format free of charge. Should the data subject wish to transfer the possession of the data stored by Hi-Technology Group Ltd, please be sure to also include the full name (including any prefixes) and the relevant contact information relating to the individual or organisation whom you wish the data to be transferred to.
Breach Notification
Should Hi-Technology Group Ltd encounter a breach/unauthorised access of personal data that is likely to “result in a risk for the rights and freedoms of individuals”, Hi-Technology Group Ltd will ensure that a notification is made within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our web pages utilise “cookies” and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to ‘remember’ you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a ’session cookie’) or for multiple repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting (known as ‘first party cookies’), or by other websites who serve up content on that site (‘third party cookies’).
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our web site and your web experience. We may also analyse information that does not contain personal information for trends and statistics.
To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles:
Notice
Where Hi-Technology Group Ltd collects personal information on the web, we intend to post a purpose statement that explains why personal information will be collected and whether we plan to share such personal information outside of Hi-Technology Group Ltd or those working on our behalf. Hi-Technology Group Ltd does not intend to transfer personal information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on our behalf, unless such a transfer is legally required.
Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide personal information to Hi-Technology Group Ltd. The notice we intend to provide where we collect personal information on the web should help you to make this choice.
If you choose to have a relationship with Hi-Technology Group Ltd, such as a contractual or other business relationship or partnership, we will naturally continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship.
Security
Wherever your personal information may be held within Hi-Technology Group Ltd or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the personal information that you share with us from unauthorised access or disclosure.
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and through our membership in the Online Privacy Alliance, are actively involved in and support current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and our websites are constantly evolving to meet these demands.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please contact us at sales@hitechltd.com. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
Your Consent
By using this website, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to Hi-Technology Group Ltd processing personal information for the purposes given above, as well as those explained where we collect personal information on the web. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our website for a reasonable period of time.
We are committed to protecting your right to privacy. Hi-Technology Group Ltd respects your privacy and we will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you provide remains private. Information provided will only be stored on computers based in the UK.
For control of our business, our website logs IP addresses, which is the automatic number assigned to your computer when you surf the web. The IP address allows us to anonymously track visitors’ usage on our website. Your IP address is not connected to any personally identifiable or online contact information, like a name and address, so you remain anonymous at all times.
Use of Cookies
This site only uses Google Analytics cookies. These are small files that a website inserts on your hard-drive when you visit a website. The Google Analytics cookies are used to track visits to our site and your journey through it. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site may not work if you do so. By using and/or registering on our site, you agree to the use of cookies by us.
Cookies set by Google Analytics (analytics.js)
Cookie Name: _ga
Description: Used to distinguish users.
Expiration Time: 2 years.
Cookie Name: _gid
Description: Used to distinguish users.
Expiration Time: 24 hours.
Cookie Name: _gat
Description: Used to throttle request rate.
Expiration Time: 1 minute.
Cookie Name: AMP_TOKEN
Description: Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
Expiration Time: 30 seconds to 1 year.
Cookie Name: _gac_
Description: Contains campaign related information for the user. If you have linked your Google Analytics and AdWords accounts, AdWords website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.
Expiration Time: 90 days.
Cookies set by Google Analytics (ga.js)
Cookie Name: __utma
Description: Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Default Expiration Time: 2 years from set/update.
Cookie Name: __utmt
Description: Used to throttle request rate.
Default Expiration Time: 10 minutes.
Cookie Name: __utmb
Description: Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Default Expiration Time: 30 mins from set/update.
Cookie Name: __utmc
Description: Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
Default Expiration Time: End of browser session.
Cookie Name: __utmz
Description: Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Default Expiration Time: 6 months from set/update.
Cookie Name: __utmv
Description: Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated _setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Default Expiration Time: 2 years from set/update.
If you wish for your visit to our site NOT be tracked, send a “Do Not Track” request with your browsing traffic.
Hi-Technology Group Ltd does not use any other cookies on its website.
We may need to disclose your data to appropriate persons where required by law.
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware Hi-Technology Group Ltd is not responsible for the privacy policy of other websites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by www.hitechltd.com.
If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post any changes to this web site.
Hi-Technology Group Ltd reserves the right to change this statement at any time.