https://www.victornet.com/privacypolicy.html
Metalworking Tools and Supplies
Product Index
View Cart
Home
Shop
Alpha­betical Index
Sales & Bar­gains
Band­saw Blades
Books
Pro­duct Pages
My Tool Crib
Ex­press Order­ing
Log In
Info
About Us
Order­ing Info
Visit Us
Priva­cy Policy
Site Map
Metal­work­ing Ref
Links
Contact
Free Cata­log
Email Speci­als
Email Us
Home
Shop
Alphabetical Index
Sales & Bargains
Bandsaw Blades
Books
Product Pages
My Tool Crib
Express Order
Info
About Victor Machinery
Ordering Info
Export
Visit Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Metalworking Reference
Links
Contact
E-Mail Specials
E-mail Us
Account
Login
View Cart
Checkout
PRIVACY POLICY:
We respect your privacy at Victor Machinery.
Please call or email us with any questions you may have
about our use of your information which are not answered here.
These policies have been updated to comply with the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
NO SPAM - NO TELEMARKETING:
While we require your e-mail address and phone number when you order from us, we will not use these to solicit you.
We may call or email you to ask a specific question about an order you have placed.
If you wish to receive offers from us by e-mail, you must sign up on our website and then respond to the e-mail you will receive requesting your confirmation.
This email list is managed by MailChimp, which is comitted to protecting your privacy and your data.
You can unsubscribe from the list at any time directly with MailChimp.
This means that you will not receive e-mail offers or other email marketing from us if you have not requested these emails and then confirmed the request from that email address.
We do not share this list or your email address with other parties.
You can follow this link to view MailChimp's privacy policy.
SECURE ORDERING:
Our website operates entirely in secure (https) mode.
Most browsers will display the secure "padlock" image in the URL bar.
Your orders (and all other personal data you enter into the site) are transmitted to our server using Secure (TLS) technology (SHA2-256 key), certified by Geotrust.
Your credit card information, if you use that form of payment, is stored for a limited time, separately from your account.
Our ordering technology uses "cookies", small files placed on your computer that identify you.
If you set your browser to block cookies you may not be able to order online.
COOKIES:
As noted above, our website uses cookies as part of the ordering process.
You can block cookies in your browser and still navigate our site, but you will not be able to make an online purchase.
This link will help you manage cookies in your browser.
In addition, we use cookies from third parties to analyze the actions of visitors on our site: Google Analytics (Subject to the Google Analytics Data Processing Agreement) and StatCounter (which does not associate a name with visitor behavior and maintains these records for a limited time).
By visiting the site you are consenting to this use of cookies.
This helps us to adjust and improve the website on a regular basis, as well as understanding where our visitors are coming from.
We do not use this analytics data for the purposes of marketing to specific customers.
The information we collect includes browser type, referring sites, entry and exit pages, internet service provider (ISP), location, operating system, date/time, IP address, whether you are a new or returning visitor, and clickstream data.
We advertise our products on Google and Bing, and your use of these search engines is also tracked, analyzed, and may cause you to see ads for Victor Machinery on other sites you visit.
For information on Google's ad personalization, and how you can edit or turn it off please visit Google's advertising policy page.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
We collect personal information if you make an online purchase, register with our site, request a catalog, or sign up for emails.
The information we collect includes:
First and Last Name
Company Name
Billing and Shipping Addresses
Ship-To Name if different than Customer Name
Phone Number
E-mail Address
Customer ID and Password
Customer's Purchase Order Number
Credit card numbers are collected for purchases, but are not stored with your account.
If you have registered and chosen a password, you can log in to your account and change the stored information.
Be sure to safeguard your user name and password.
MAILINGS:
If you request a catalog or order from us, and are located in the United States, you may receive catalogs or mailings.
On very infrequent occasions we may provide your name and address (but never your phone number or e-mail address) to another party for the purpose of a mailing we believe would interest our customers.
Please contact us by e-mail, mail, phone, or fax if you wish us not to share your address or to discontinue our mailings.
We do not send catalogs or marketing mail to addresses outside the United States (other than advertisements that may be included in an order you have placed) , or share those addresses with other parties.
LINKS:
For your convenience we provide links to external websites, including those of our manufacturers, from this site.
Our privacy policy does not apply to these external sites, and we recommend that you review the privacy policy of each site.
Please contact us if you feel any site we link to has inappropriate policies.
CONSENT:
When you register or make a purchase from this website you are consenting to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to make changes in this policy at any time, and these changes will be included on this page.
You can check this page at any time to see if we have updated our policy.
This privacy policy was last updated on October 10, 2019.
Please contact us if you have any issues, questions or requests regardng our use of your personal data.
Home
Alphabetical Index
Site Map
Victor Machinery Exchange
12155 Stephens Road
Warren, MI 48089-3962
Phone: (800) 723-5359
International: (718) 899-1502
Fax: (718) 899-0556
Email: sales@victornet.com