http://www.marquismotorhomes.co.uk/privacy
Special Offers
Find a Dealers
Watch our videos
Download brochures
Back to Top
Cookies:
X
We use cookies to help personalise and improve your web experience.
By using our website you consent to our use of cookies, some of which may have already been set on your device.
View our Cookie Policy to learn more.
You are here
: Home
: Privacy
Privacy Policy
WHICH AUTO-SLEEPER GROUPS' COMPANIES ARE COVERED BY THIS POLICY?
The following Auto–Sleepers Groups’ companies are covered by this policy in the UK:
•    Marquis Leisure
•    Marquis Motorhomes
•    Auto-Sleepers
When we refer to Marquis Leisure in this policy this includes all of the companies above. These are all registered at this address:
Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd T/A Marquis Leisure
Orchard Works
Willersey
Worcestershire
WR12 7QF
AUTO-SLEEPERS AS DATA CONTROLLERS AND OUR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd is responsible for, and is the Data Controller of, your personal information that it receives through the Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd website, the service and sales departments.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY:
We may modify or update this privacy policy from time to time. If we change this privacy policy, we will notify you of the changes. Where changes to this privacy policy will have a fundamental impact on the nature of the processing or otherwise have a substantial impact on you, we will give you sufficient advance notice so that you have the opportunity to exercise any rights you may have under local law (e.g. to object to the processing).
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
These are the main ways we collect your information:
•    If you contact us directly via our website or via telephone to request information about our products and services.
•    If you buy a product or service directly from us at any of our branches.
•    If you reply to our direct marketing campaigns.
•    If, with your permission, your contact details are transferred from third parties.
•    If your vehicle data is transferred to Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd while you’re having your vehicle serviced or repaired.
•    If, with your permission, other Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd business partners transfer your personal data to us.
•    If we acquire your personal data from other sources with your permission.
•    When you apply for finance from Black Horse to purchase a motorhome or caravan.
If you give information on behalf of someone else you must ensure that they have been provided with this privacy policy before doing so.
If you are under 16 please do not provide us with any of your information unless you have the permission of your parent or guardian to do so.
Please help us to keep your information up to date by informing us of any changes to your contact details or preferences. You may change or review your preferences by clicking here.
WHAT INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED ABOUT YOU?
The following types of personal information about you may be collected:
Contact details
Name
Address
Phone numbers
Email address
Other information including:
Vehicle data — service and repair history, registration details, etc.
Types of vehicles you are interested in
Customer history
Online behaviour
HOW MIGHT WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Use of personal information under EU data protection laws must be justified under one of a number of legal grounds and we are required to set out the grounds in respect of each use in this policy.
The main uses of your information are:
Customer Support and Marketing - to respond to enquiries and to bring you news and offers
Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd uses your personal data for customer care and for personalised communication of Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd product and service information, where necessary and appropriate with your consent. For these purposes Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd may transmit this data to authorised suppliers, including our marketing agency who run our campaigns on our behalf.
To ensure that you receive relevant and personalised communications, we will use your data to create an individual customer profile and we may share your personal data between departments to give information on products and services where relevant. This may include data you have provided, for example contact details, preferences, customer history, vehicle data and online behaviour.
Vehicle Sales & Service — to process your sale, and service your vehicle
Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd will obtain contact details, vehicle details, sales and services information when you purchase, service or repair a vehicle from or with us as part of the sale or service and will use it to provide the services you request and notify you of issues in relation to your vehicle. This information may be accessed by Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd to troubleshoot technical or other issues relating to the delivery of these services.
This information may be shared with third parties including the vehicle manufacturer, insurance and registration companies. This is part of a contractual obligation as part of the sales process and failure to provide personal data may prevent the completion of sale.
Vehicle Finance — to assess your eligibility for finance
When you apply for finance from Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd you must provide certain personal information. Finance decisions based on credit worthiness may be made via an automated process (i.e. a logarithm in a computer program or application).
Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd may share the information with Black Horse or other finance companies to help them decide whether to offer you finance. Using information about you in this way is necessary for Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd to make this decision and if you do not provide it to us we may not be able to offer you finance.
Your information will be used by Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd and these agencies as follows:
Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd will check records about you and others held by us and by credit reference and fraud prevention agencies, for example to assess your application for credit and verify identities to prevent and detect crime and money laundering. The credit reference agencies will place a search footprint on your credit file that may be seen by other lenders. They will supply public information (for example information held on the electoral register) as well as shared credit and fraud prevention information. The fraud prevention agencies will use your personal information to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity.
If you provide Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd false or inaccurate information or Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd suspect or identify fraud, they will record this and may also pass on the information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime prevention. Law enforcement agencies may also access and use this information. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment.
Compliance with legal requests for your information – to comply with our legal obligations to law enforcement, regulators and the court service
We may be legally required to provide your information to law enforcement agencies, regulators and courts and third-party litigants in connection with proceedings or investigations anywhere in the world. Where permitted, we will direct any such request to you or notify you before responding unless to do so would prejudice the prevention or detection of a crime.
There may be uses that are permitted on the basis of other grounds; where this is the case we will use reasonable endeavours to identify the ground and communicate it you as soon as possible after becoming aware of the new basis.
USE OF THIRD PARTIES
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party providers, manufacturers and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example technology to control your on-board systems on your motorhome or caravan). However, when we use third party providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond what is necessary to complete your purchase.
Third Party Product Providers we work in association with: We work closely with various third party product providers to bring you a range of quality and reliable products and services designed to help you enjoy your motorhome or caravan (e.g. Paintseal and Safeguard Insurance). When you enquire about or purchase one or more of these products, the relevant third party product provider will use your details to provide you with information and carry out their obligations arising from any contracts you have entered into with them. In some cases, they will be acting as a data controller of your information and therefore we advise you to read their Privacy Policy. These third party product providers will share your information with us which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SAFE?
We use a variety of security measures, including encryption and authentication tools, to help protect and maintain security, integrity and availability of your information.
Although data transmission over the internet or websites cannot be guaranteed to be secure, we and our business partners work hard to maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information in accordance with applicable data protection requirements. Our main security measures are:
Tightly restricted personal access to your data on a 'need to know' basis and for the communicated purpose only
Transfer collected data only in encrypted form
Highly confidential data stored only in encrypted form e.g. credit card information
Firewalled IT systems to prohibit unauthorised access e.g. from hackers
Permanently monitored access to IT systems to detect and stop misuse of personal data
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR?
We retain your information only as long as is necessary for the purpose for which we obtained it and any other permitted linked purposes. If information is used for two purposes we will retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires; but we will stop using it for the purpose with a shorter period once that period expires.
We restrict access to your information to only those persons who need to use it for the relevant purpose.
Our retention periods are based on business needs and your information that is no longer needed is either irreversibly anonymised or destroyed securely.
Use for marketing:
We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary, but only for the relevant purpose that we collected it for. You retain the right to remove this consent at any point.
Use to perform a contract:
In relation to your information used to perform any contractual obligation with you we may retain that data whilst the contract remains in force plus one year to deal with any queries or claims thereafter.
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR PRIVACY PREFERENCES
You can change your preferences, or withdraw your consent in relation to how Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd uses your personal information in one of the following ways:
Requesting information about your data stored at Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd as well as request the correction, deletion or restriction of your personal data for analytics and/or marketing use.
Contacting Marquis Leisure on 0800 026 77 77
Sending an email to dps@marquisleisure.co.uk
Writing to us at:
Marquis Leisure
Head Office
Riversway Leisure Village
Chain Caul Road, Preston Docklands
Lancashire, PR2 2PD
You may by law request a copy of any personal data that Auto-Sleepers Group may hold about you. In order to obtain a copy of your personal information please provide us with a written request for the release of your personal information and enclose a fee of £10.00 payable to Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd to cover P&P and administrative costs.
CONTACTING AUTO-SLEEPERS GROUP LTD ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions in relation to our use of your information you should first contact Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd in any of the following ways:
Call Marquis Leisure on 0800 026 77 77
Send an email to dps@marquisleisure.co.uk
Write to us at:
Marquis Leisure
Head Office
Riversway Leisure Village
Chain Caul Road, Preston Docklands
Lancashire, PR2 2PD
In addition you may contact the responsible data privacy officer on dps@marquisleisure.co.uk
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy