http://www.setranslations.com/en/terms-and-conditions
Privacy Policy
It is mandatory to send personal data to contact us about our translation services and receive related information. Failure to provide that information or not accept this data protection policy It shall cause the impossibility of subscription, registration or reception of our services.According to the provisions of Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, on the Protection of Personal Data, you are hereby informed that the personal data you provide will be incorporated into a file owned by SETranslations, whose headquarters are located in Calle Muñoz Chávez, 3, 10003 Cáceres. The person responsible for this file is Gregory Capel-Davies,with ID X4887129C.
In any case, users of our website or emails are responsible for ensuring accuracy of personal data sent and for keeping them updated, therefore SETranslations may not be held responsible for any responsibility in this regard.
Personal data will not be transferred to third parties and if so, the express consent of the affected person shall be requested beforehand.
Reproduction, distribution, communication, transformation or any other modification of the intellectual property of the website owned by SETranslations is prohibited, unless previous written consent.SETranslations reserves the right to modify, update  or eliminate information of our communications o website and shall not be held responsible for third-party linked on our website.
Personal data provided may be transferred to companies such as couriers, postal services translation agencies, etc should they be necessary to complete the service contracted with SETranslationsYou can exercise the rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by written communication to SETranslations, at Calle Muñoz Chávez , 3, 10003 Cáceres. E-mail: info @ setranslations . com
The user declares to have been informed about the conditions on protection of personal data, accepting and consenting to the treatment thereof by SETranslations in the manner and for the purposes indicated in this Personal Data Protection Policy. This policy may be modified to adapt to new legislation, jurisprudence or industry practices.
In compliance with the main obligations established by the LOPD, among our duties are:Data quality: adequacy and accuracy of data,  legal and legitimate obtaining and proportional treatment thereof to the purpose for which they were collected (translation of documents/files and shipping thereof).
Duty to keep secrecy and security of personal data.
Duty to inform holders of personal data and obtaining consent from them.
Comply with the provisions of sectoral legislation.
In the event of being under age, those must obtain permission from their parents, guardians or legal representatives to access the services provided.
Applicable legislation
These Conditions shall be governed, at all times, by the provisions of Spanish regulations.
Legal Notice
In compliance with the provisions of Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 December, of the Protection of Personal Data, SETranslations informs you that by filling in any form on our website or by sending any electronic mail, you implicitly accept this privacy policy and your data will be incorporated in the USERS file and be treated with strict confidentiality with the only purpose to provide and offer our services. SETranslations and its representatives will not disclose the information contained in the  aforementioned file to third parties. Besides, we inform you of the possibility to exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition of your personal data.
Terms & Conditions
i.  An agreement is required via email or fax, signed and stamped for all works/projects.ii.  Delivery times will be agreed on by both parties.iii.  All revisions must be assigned within 10 days of receipt of the translation/copy. After this 10 day has elapsed the translation will be considered as correct. Re-styling a translation is not included if not mentioned in the initial brief.iv.  For new clients, we require full payment in advance. If a business relationship has been formed between both parties payment must be made within 30 days.  Clients who have chosen payment by standing order will be charged 30 days from the invoice date.v.  For larger projects, 50% of the payment is to be made before the project is started; the remaining 50% is due on the completion of the project always before it is delivered. vi.  A retainer basis is available for continuing projects (for example, websites, public relations or advertising campaigns).vii.  Prices, quotes and estimates are exclusive of VAT / IVA unless stated.viii.  If the client fails to pay in the agreed time period the client will be contacted and must make immediate payment that day, if not, any expenses caused in settling the debt will be at the cost to the client. Interest will be applied for late payments and are calculated accordingly to official rates of the Banco de España.ix.  SETranslations will not be held liable for any late delivery caused by technical faults such as and including modems, server downtime, faxes, email or late delivery caused by carrier services such as post or couriers.x.  SETranslations will not be held liable for any losses, of any kind, resulting from our translation work. xi.  SETranslations liability shall be limited to the amount of the invoice. xii.  Only written contracts between the parties will be taken into consideration and in such case will be resolved by the courts of Cáceres, Spain.
Payments can be made by wire transfer or by an online secure payment using PayPal (If using PayPal an additional 5% is charged)
This website uses its own cookies. If you go on surfing, we will consider you accepting its use. Cookies Policy - Privacy Policy
Ok