http://www.nortechsys.com/terms-of-use
Contact Nortech
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
1. TermsBy accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use LicensePermission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Nortech Systems Incorporated’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Nortech Systems Incorporated’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Nortech Systems Incorporated at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. DisclaimerThe materials on Nortech Systems Incorporated’s web site are provided “as is”. Nortech Systems Incorporated makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Nortech Systems Incorporated does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. LimitationsIn no event shall Nortech Systems Incorporated or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Nortech Systems Incorporated’s Internet site, even if Nortech Systems Incorporated or a Nortech Systems Incorporated authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on Nortech Systems Incorporated’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Nortech Systems Incorporated does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Nortech Systems Incorporated may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Nortech Systems Incorporated does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. LinksNortech Systems Incorporated has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Nortech Systems Incorporated of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use ModificationsNortech Systems Incorporated may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Trademarks, Registered Trademarks, and other Intellectual PropertyNortech Systems Incorporated, the Nortech logo, Devicix, the Devicix logo, Intercon 1, the Intercon 1 logo, and the “compass needle” symbol are trademarks and registered trademarks of Nortech Systems Incorporated and may not be used without permission. All other graphics and images are original artwork owned by Nortech Systems Incorporated or used under license.
9. Governing LawAny claim relating to Nortech Systems Incorporated’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Nortech Systems Incorporated Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://nortechsys.com/, https://devicix.com/, or https://intercon-1.com/ (the “Sites”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Sites, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Sites, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Sites.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Sites, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Generally we may use personally identifiable information to:
respond to your inquiries, and/or address other requests or questions;
contact you regarding your purchase;
collect payments from you; and to send you goods or services purchased through our Sites;
send you information and updates related to your purchase; invoices; email notifications that you have specifically requested;
send email marketing communications relating to our business, which we think may be of interest to you; and email messages
containing company news, product or service information.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Sites and services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Sites. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACKPlease note that we do not alter our Sites’ data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS AS AN EU CITIZENIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTIONWhen you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORSThe Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
HOW DO I SEE MY INFORMATION OR OPT OUT?
If you would like to access, correct, amend, remove or limit the use or disclosure of any Personal Information about you that has been collected and stored by us, please notify us at DPO@nortechsys.com so we can consider and respond to your request in accordance with applicable laws.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will respond to your request within 1 month.
You may opt out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties. To do this, you may contact our Data Protection Officer using the information in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy.
You may opt out of receiving future promotional/marketing messages from us by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link found in the footer of our email messages or by replying STOP to any SMS communications we may send to you.
Please note that if you opt out of promotional/marketing messages, you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as administrative and services announcements and/or messages about your account/profile.
If you wish to exercise your right to be forgotten please contact our Data Protection Officer using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section of this policy.
CHANGESWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT USFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact the Data Protection Officer by e-mail at DPO@nortechsys.com