http://www.ka-bar.com/customer/privacy.jsp
Skip to content
Search
Menu
Cart 0
KA-BAR Shipping NoticeExit Please Note: Due to a large volume of orders we will need additional time to process and ship orders.
Thank you for your patience.
View Compared Products
0
Blade Length
Overall Length
Weight
Knife Material
Handle Material
Handle Color
Knife Country of Origin
Sheath Country of Origin
Blade Type
Blade Shape
Blade Grind
Blade Width
Blade Thickness
Blade Guard/Butt Cap
Edge Angles
Rockwell Hardness
Tang Stamp
Lock Style
Pocket Clip
NSN
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information is fundamental to the way we do business at KA-BAR. At KA-BAR we are committed to protecting the confidentiality and privacy of your personal information that KA-BAR collects and uses in the course of its commercial activities.
If you are a customer you may find the information in this Privacy Policy informative. It will set out: (1) the purposes for which we collect, use and disclose your personal information; (2) the type of personal information that we collect, use and disclose; (3) how we use and disclose that information; (4) how we obtain your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information; (5) how we secure and retain that information; and (6) how you may access your personal information.
Consent
KA-BAR may collect, use or disclose personal information in the manner described below where we have the requisite consent. Except as otherwise permitted by law, KA-BAR will ensure that it has the requisite consent prior to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, as described below.
Collection of Personal Information
KA-BAR will only collect personal information by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive manner. As a general rule, the personal information that KA-BAR collects will be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes that are identified for their collection.
Use of Personal Information
KA-BAR will not disclose any personal information except for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise permitted by law.
KA-BAR will not disclose your personal information outside of KA-BAR and its related affiliates (the "KA-BAR Group of Companies"). KA-BAR may disclose your personal information within the KA-BAR Group of Companies to enable the provision of services (including billing, customer services and storage of personal information).
Without limiting the foregoing, KA-BAR will not sell or disclose any personal information to any third party in order to enable that third party to market their products and services.
Retention
KA-BAR will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, and as required or otherwise permitted by law. The retention of personal information is dealt with below, depending upon your relationship with KA-BAR.
Collection, Use and Retention of Personal Information
Personal Information
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means any information about an identifiable individual.
Purpose of Collection
KA-BAR will collect, use and disclose your personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances of our relationship, as described in further detail below.
Customer
KA-BAR provides various goods and services to various customers (the "Customer(s)"), and collects and uses certain personal information obtained from its Customers as follows.
Collection
To purchase products from KA-BAR, customers typically fill out the information required in the Customer Order Form, of which you as a Customer will have seen, filled out, and perhaps signed. They may also provide similar information by telephone, email or over the internet.
Use
KA-BAR will use any personal information disclosed in the Customer Order Form to process and complete the Customer's order, including for shipping and billing purposes, and to verify either the purchase or the delivery.
In addition, a Customer's name, address, telephone number, language preference and email address (where applicable) will be used for the following limited purposes:
Customer Satisfaction - At KA-BAR we mean to ensure that our Customers are completely satisfied with their KA-BAR products and all aspects of the purchase process. Accordingly, the personal information identified above may also be used for purposes of monitoring and ensuring Customer Satisfaction.
Post Sale Marketing Purposes - The personal information identified above may also be used to keep past Customer informed of new products and promotions at KA-BAR, including catalogues and service calls, and in order to enter Customers into free give-away contests that we have from time to time.
Consent
When a Customer fills out and signs a Customer Order Form, KA-BAR will assume that the Customer consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the above personal information, for the purposes which we have set out above, unless notified otherwise.
Further, and with respect to all Customer information previously collected, used and disclosed prior to the adoption of KA-BAR's Privacy Policy, we will assume the Customer's consent to the collection, use and disclosure, for the purposes set out above, unless notified otherwise.
A Customer may withdraw his or her consent at any time, by contacting our Privacy Officer in the manner set out below.
Retention
Due to the Lifetime Warranty offered in respect of KA-BAR's products, KA-BAR will maintain your name, address, phone number and email address (where applicable) indefinitely, unless you notify us that you do not wish KA-BAR to do so.
KA-BAR will retain your credit card information for as long as it is required under tax legislation to keep business records (which may be up to 7 years), and upon the expiry of which all credit card information will be destroyed.
Identifying or Updating Your Information
Upon request we will provide site visitors access to unique identifier information "e.g., customer and key number" that we maintain about them, transaction information "e.g., dates when customers made purchases, amounts, and types of purchases" that we maintain.
This information can be provided or updated. Contact us by calling customer service at 1-800-282-0130, use the Change Address form, or write 200 Homer St., Olean, NY 14760
Site visitors with online accounts may manage their email preferences online after signing in. Please provide your name and prior address to properly identify your account.
Opting Out of Being Contacted
To remove yourself from KA-BAR mailings, special promotions, email, or other contact, please call customer service at 1-800-282-0130 or write KA-BAR Customer Service, 200 Homer St., Olean, NY 14760. Site visitors with online accounts may manage their email preferences online after signing in. We will promptly respond and update our records accordingly.
Cookies
KA-BAR uses cookies to offer personal shopping experiences. Cookies allow you to access special pages on the site without signing in with an online account. If you remove these cookies, you will be required to use customer and key numbers or your online account login.
This website tracks users anonymously. It uses cookies, both first party cookies and third party cookies, to measure your usage of this website. This website tracks visitors using first party logging and reporting features as well as Google Analytics, Visual Website Optimizer, Bold Software and Google AdWords.
If you would not like to be tracked during your visit you can install a Do Not Track Plugin for Google Chrome or enable the Do Not Track feature in Firefox. These plugins/extensions are provided as a courtesy and are not supported in any way by KA-BAR.
Security
KA-BAR provides a secure online experience. We understand, recognize and agree to your right to privacy. Industry standards and prudent measures are utilized so that information you provide remains private. It is never sold, shared or rented to any third party.
At KA-BAR your privacy and ecommerce security is important to us. This web site is secure to conduct business transactions with confidence. If you prefer to place your order by phone please call 1-800-282-0130.