http://www.wwpa.org/terms-of-service
Member Directory
Contact
Toggle navigation
Buyers Guide
Western Lumber
Western Lumber
Western Lumber
Structural Lumber
Appearance Lumber
Factory Lumber
Western Species
Interpreting Grade Stamps
Design and Application
Resources
Resources
Resources
Western Lumber Resource Library
Statistical Report Subscriptions
WWPA Grade Rule Book
Mold & Wood Products
California Fire Code
California Prop 65 / Wood Dust
Why Wood?
About WWPA
About WWPA
About WWPA
Overview
Services
Membership
Associate Membership
Member Directories
News & Events
Industry LInks
Annual Meeting
Redwood Inspection Service
Login
WWPA Website Terms of Service
DisclaimerInformation on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for particular purpose and non-infringement.WWPA provides the materials on this site for informational purposes only and does not represent or warrant that any information provided on this site is correct, complete or up to date. WWPA may change or delete information on this site without notice at any time.This site includes links to other World Wide Web sites. These links are provided to aid site visitors in finding other sources of information. They are not intended to state or imply that WWPA sponsors or is affiliated or associated with the owners or publishers of such resources. WWPA is not liable for any direct, special, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to or use of any content of any site or sites linked to this site.Any comments, questions or suggestions provided to WWPA from this site shall be considered non-confidential and WWPA will have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information.
Copyright NoticeThis Internet site is created, controlled and published by Western Wood Products Association (WWPA) from its headquarters offices in Portland, Oregon.Permission is granted to view, store, print, reproduce and distribute any pages within this World Wide Web site solely for personal or internal, non-commercial purposes provided that none of the pages are modified and this page and any notices in such pages regarding their use or ownership are included with any distribution.© COPYRIGHT 2017 WESTERN WOOD PRODUCTS ASSOCIATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Privacy Policy You may be asked to provide personal information to use or access certain portions of the WWPA web site. All personal information collected by WWPA is covered by our Privacy Policy. For any questions about the policy, please contact WWPA at our main e-mail address.
Western Wood Products Association represents softwood lumber manufacturers in the 12 Western states and Alaska.
Main MenuBUYERS GUIDEWESTERN LUMBERLIBRARYABOUT WWPALOGIN
Top PagesDOUGLAS FIRSPANSMOLD ON LUMBERGRADE STAMPS
ContactWestern Wood Products Association1500 SW First Ave., STE 870Portland, OR 97201Phone: 503-224-3930Fax: 503-224-3935Email: info@wwpa.org
2020 © WWPA. ALL Rights Reserved.
| Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | info@wwpa.org