http://www.mike-sells.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
All Products
Potato Chips
Pretzels, Puffcorn, Curls & More
Gluten Free
Apparel
About Us
News
Careers
Private Label
Distributorship Opportunities
Contact Us
Log in
Search
Contact
(937) 228-9400
onlineordersupportteam@mike-sells.com
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Due to higher than usual demand coupled with the Holiday season we cannot guarantee delivery in time for Christmas on orders placed after December 9th. All orders will be fulfilled in the order they are received. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact our customer support team. We appreciate your patience and are doing our best to ship orders promptly.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Mike-sell’s website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Credit Card Information
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 800-257-4742 or send us an email at privacy@mike-sells.com.
Sign up for deals
Close (esc)
Stay up to date!
Don't miss out on stocking up the next time our tasty treats go on sale. Subscribe below for special offers.
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Search
Search
Header Menu
Home
All Products
About Us
News
Careers
Private Label
Distributorship Opportunities
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop now