http://www.betterinvesting.org/privacy-policy
Login
Join Here
Store
|
Help Center
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Our Mission & Method
Our History
Why Become A Member
Our Team
Reports And Policies
News Releases
Contact US
Store
Learn About Investing
Investor Education Articles
Our Classes
Free Videos
BetterInvesting Magazine
Our Events
Find Great Stocks
Online Stock Selection Tools
Stock Ideas
First Cut Stock Reports
Explore Investment Clubs
Learn About Investment Clubs
Investment Club Near You
How to Start an Investment Club
Investment Club Accounting
Meet Our Community
Member Stories
Our Local Chapters
Our Volunteers
Our Experts
Education Partnerships
Corporate Partners
Investor Outreach
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BetterInvesting is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This statement discloses our current privacy practices. Please read carefully to understand our policies regarding your personal information. Any substantive changes to this policy will be announced on our website.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact Member Services
This Privacy Statement answers the following questions:
1. What information does BetterInvesting gather about you?
2. How does BetterInvesting use your personal information?
3. How do we use cookies and "IP Addresses"?
4. Will BetterInvesting disclose any of your personal information?
5. What security measures protect my information from accidental loss or disclosure?
6. Will BetterInvesting send me email?
7. Will BetterInvesting provide my name and address to third parties?
8. How does BetterInvesting provide notice about changes to this privacy statement?
9. What else should you know about your privacy?
10. How can you modify the information we have about you?
1) What Information Does BetterInvesting Gather About You?
BetterInvesting collects basic information about our members. We ask for name, address, phone number, email address and date of birth (date of birth required for youth membership only). This information is used to establish your membership record and number which authorizes your access to BetterInvesting membership benefits.
BetterInvesting surveys, such as our Member Satisfaction, Member Insights and Media Research Profile help characterize our membership demographics, views, and perceptions. BetterInvesting conducts surveys so that we can provide programs and services that are responsive to your needs. We may ask for information in other surveys such as the Annual Top 100 Survey (most widely-held stocks) Annual Mutual Fund Survey and the Most Active Survey (sample of recent decisions made by BetterInvesting members). These surveys are optional but your participation is encouraged as it enables us to evaluate and improve our programs to serve you better. Individual responses are NOT disclosed to anyone.
2) How Does BetterInvesting Use Your Personal Information?
BetterInvesting collects personal information in order to know and serve you better. This supports efforts to deliver more relevant content to you.
BetterInvesting conducts research on demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information you provide us when you register and during occasional surveys. This research is compiled and analyzed only on an aggregated basis.
We may also notify you of a new product or new features that we think may interest you based on the information you have provided us.
When you place an order at the BetterInvesting.org store, we need to know your name, mail, email, and billing addresses, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. We will use your email address to confirm your order and to contact you regarding your order should the need arise. Mail and billing address information is encrypted, using secure technology. If you prefer not to order online, you may fax or mail your order form along with a check or money order made payable to BetterInvesting.
3) How Do We Use Cookies and "IP Addresses"?
BetterInvesting collects IP addresses to help us understand how our community uses our site, so that we can improve your overall experience when you visit www.betterinvesting.org. For these reasons, if your browser is set up to accept them, we use a feature known as "cookies." Cookies contain bits of information that websites transfer to your hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies are used to make it easier for you to login. Although we may assign your browser a cookie, it doesn't tell us who you are. Only you can do that.
Cookies are used on the BetterInvesting website in three main ways:
1. We use cookies to automatically access your previously stored account information to make it easier to login. Some of the areas are restricted to members only and others are available as premium subscriptions.
2. Cookies will be used to estimate site traffic and usage patterns. Each browser accessing our site is given a unique cookie to determine usage patterns, and to help in targeting content.
3. Advertising networks that serve ads onto our site may also use cookies but please note that we don't control, nor have access to those cookies.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when you've received one. If you choose to reject cookies, many features of our website will be unavailable to you.
4) Will BetterInvesting Disclose Any of Your Personal Information?
BetterInvesting does disclose personally identifiable information on individual users in the following instances:
To volunteer divisions, including Chapters and Advisory Boards. These parties are subject to confidentiality agreements which restrict their use and disclosure of all information obtained through BetterInvesting.
To Select Business Partners deemed beneficial by BetterInvesting to provide value to our members. These Select Business Partners include MyStockFund, ICLUBcentral, Quant IX Software and Bank of America (formerly MBNA).
To Investment Partners (formerly Corporate Members)
To others in some limited circumstances, such as announcements of winners of investment club contests. The nature of the disclosure will be described before information is collected so that you may determine whether to participate.
To comply with applicable law or valid legal process, or to protect the rights or property of BetterInvesting.
Other than as described above, BetterInvesting will not disclose any information about individual users. BetterInvesting will NOT rent or sell personal information of any kind to any unaffiliated third party. BetterInvesting does not rent mailing lists and we DO NOT give, rent, lend or sell individual information to our advertisers.
We may disclose aggregate demographic information in certain instances. For example, we may disclose aggregate demographic information to potential advertisers. We may also disclose aggregate information (for example, page views during the last month on a particular advertisement) in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other affiliated third parties, and for other lawful purposes. In the process, the party to whom we disclose this aggregate information NEVER has access to individual information on you or your account. Only BetterInvesting has access to this information or to member accounts.
5) What Security Measures Protect My Information from Accidental Loss or Disclosure?
BetterInvesting is committed to protecting your personal information. BetterInvesting employs prudent methods to safeguard information that you provide to us.
The information you provide when making a purchase at the BetterInvesting.org store is encrypted with security technology.
Member areas of our website are password-protected. Only you have access to these password-protected areas. We recommend that you do not share your passwords with anyone. BetterInvesting will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also if you are using a computer that others have access to such as one in a computer lab, internet cafe or public library, always remember to log out and close your browser window when leaving our site.
6) Will BetterInvesting Send Me Email?
As a member of BetterInvesting, we want to make sure you're kept informed of news and information that impacts the terms and benefits of your membership. In order to make sure we fulfill our obligation we reserve the right to contact you under limited circumstances, including:
To inform you of major membership announcements and changes to our policies which impact the terms or benefits of your membership.
To provide you with information that impacts products and services that you have purchased from us, such as free product updates or upgrades, warranty information, product recall information, or safety or security information.
To deliver products or services you are entitled to receive under the terms of a transaction, such as digital content or software.
To facilitate, complete, or confirm a transaction that you have initiated with BetterInvesting.
To provide you with information related to your standing as a member, including renewal notices for soon to expire club or individual memberships and product subscriptions.
In addition to the circumstances noted above, you may receive additional email from BetterInvesting, including national organization and local chapter news and events, personalized news, education content and offers for new products and services.
Email from BetterInvesting will always be clearly identified as such in the email subject header, will come from a recognizable email address, and will contain contact information for the sender. All emails will also provide you with the option to unsubscribe from future email notifications.
7) Will BetterInvesting Provide My Name and Address to Third-Parties?
Corporations who join BetterInvesting as Investment Partners periodically offer financial reports and investment-related research for our members. BetterInvesting also establishes relationships with Select Business Partners in order to provide additional benefits to our members. These affiliated third parties will be allowed to send mail to you on product and service updates, new offers and special promotions to better serve your needs as a BetterInvesting member. In this case, we will disclose your name and address to these parties. Youth Membership information is NOT released to third parties.
8) How Does BetterInvesting Provide Notice About Changes to this Privacy Statement?
BetterInvesting may make changes to this Privacy Statement at any time, but we'll notify you of any substantive or material change (by way of email or with notices in BetterInvesting Magazine or by posting changes on our website).
9) What Else Should You Know About Your Privacy?
The information you post on discussion-lists and in chat rooms is visible to the public. Please remember that whenever you disclose personal information publicly — for example, through email, or in chat areas — that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Furthermore, while we do our best to protect your personal information, BetterInvesting can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We do our best to maintain the highest possible level of security. Protect yourself. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Many of our advertisers and affiliates link from our site to areas on their own sites where they sell their own goods and services. If you follow these links to their site, you should be aware that these other sites have their own privacy and data collection practices. BetterInvesting has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies, check that site.
10) How Can You Modify the Information We Have About You?
You may modify your privacy practices at any time by contacting BetterInvesting Member Services.
Sample Our Resources
Get Your Resources