http://www.radiantsolutions.com/privacy_policy
Careers
Sales inquiries
search
Company
Company
About Us
About Us
Our Purpose
Constellation
Impact
Careers
Careers
Inclusion and Diversity
Early Career Opportunities
Internship Program
Academic Outreach Program
Military and Veteran Talent Services
Contact Us
History
History
Award and Launch History
Leadership
WorldView Legion
Partner Ecosystem
Partner Ecosystem
Become a Partner
Reseller
Product Developer
Solution Integrators
Referral Agents
Earth Intelligence
Earth Intelligence
Imagery Leadership
Geospatial Stories
Space Infrastructure
Investors
Products
Products
Use Cases
Product Overview
Spacecraft Platforms
Spacecraft Platforms Overview
1300-class platform
Robotics & Servicing
Satellite Access
Satellite Access Overview
Direct Access Program
Rapid Access Program
Global Enhanced GEOINT Delivery
Satellite Imagery
Satellite Imagery Overview
Imagery Basemaps
Optical Imagery
SecureWatch
Spatial on Demand
Radar Imagery
Map Data
Map Data Overview
Elevation Suite
Basevue LULC
Persistent Change Monitoring
Building Footprints
Human Landscape
Analytics
Analytics Overview
Analytic Reports
GBDX
AWave
GeoHIVE
WeatherDesk
SeaStar Information Service
The Globe in 3D
Geospatial Services
Global Enhanced GEOINT Delivery
Industries
Industries
Industry Overview
Civil Government
Defense and Intelligence
U.S. Government
Automotive
Consumer Mapping
Earth Observation
Energy
Mining
Global Development
Satellite Communications
Telecommunications
Fisheries
News & Events
News & Events
Blog
Events
Media Coverage
Press Releases
News Bureau
Explore
Explore
Search for Imagery
Resources
Product Samples
Open Data Program
Stay Curious
Content Hub
Login
Login
SecureWatch
GeoHive
Global-EGD
GBDX
Search imagery
WeatherDesk
Legal
Back to Legal
Privacy Policy
MAXAR TECHNOLOGIES INC. ("MAXAR")
This privacy policy (this "Policy") applies to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by Maxar including personal information obtained through your use of Maxar’s website (the “Website”). This Policy does not apply to any of Maxar’s operating entities, each of which maintains their own privacy policies which are available on their websites. For the purposes of this Policy, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include statistical or aggregated information, or business contact information that Maxar uses solely for the purpose of communicating or facilitating communication with you in relation to your employment, business or profession.
We may update this Policy from time to time and will post any revisions in the form of an updated Policy. Any personal information you submit to us will be governed by the Policy in place at the time of submission.
Our Commitment
We are committed to protecting personal information in our control and have developed and implemented policies and procedures for the proper collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
Electronic Personal Information
We may use cookies on the Website. "Cookies" are small text files that recognize repeat visitors and track their visits to the Website. Specific browser manufacturers or providers should be consulted with respect to disabling cookies.
We may use clear gifs. "Clear gifs" are used to track the pages visited on the Website to help us improve the design and content of the Website. All of this information is considered confidential and is only available for our use.
We may monitor traffic patterns, Website usage and related Website information in order to optimize the Website.
Collection, Use, Disclosure and Retention
We will only use or disclose personal information for the specific purpose(s) for which it was collected, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law. Any personal information you provide to us may be shared and used by our subsidiaries and other service providers solely for this purpose.
We will retain personal information only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes stated above, as required for legal or business purposes or as required by law. Subsequently, we will destroy, erase, or make anonymous such information.
We take reasonable precautions to ensure the protection of personal information, collected, used or disclosed by us using appropriate physical, organizational and technological measures.
Questions/Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns with our privacy practices and/or this Policy or wish to access any personal information you have provided to us, please email us here.
International Transfer and Storage of Information
Maxar is a global organization and maintains and otherwise uses servers and hardware located throughout the world. Personal information you provide may be maintained on any such hardware or the hardware of our service providers whose assets are located across the globe. We will use reasonable means to ensure that personal information is protected regardless of where your personal information may be located.