https://www.amscan.com/privacy_policy
Privacy Policy : Amscan
Click here to view gift catalogs
Home
Catalogs
About Us
Amscan For You
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our privacy statement is our commitment to privacy of information. The following explains how we gather information and use it.
Information Automatically Logged
This site uses your computer's IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our site. This information does not reveal your actual identity, only that of your computer. This site records browser types to monitor market penetration of various Web browsers so we can better determine which Internet technologies to use in the design and operation of our Web pages. This site uses page referrer data, which is information about the page that linked you to our site, so that we can see who is linking to us. This data may be used to keep the integrity of our computing resources.
Personal Information
This site collects your name, email address, and order details. It does not collect any credit card information. We use your name and email address for product delivery and online email confirmation purposes. We do not share any personal information, including email addresses, with any third parties or use any personal information for any purposes beyond those stated here.
Data Collection and Purpose
We collect the personal data that you voluntarily give us while using our services. We may collect and use personal data for the purpose of providing you with promotional offers and additional product-related content via email newsletters. We will first ask for your consent, and you will always have the option of removing yourself from any e-newsletter list. All private data, including email lists, will be maintained and operated by Amscan/Grasslands Road. Should we ever want to use your details or email for something else, we will first ask for your consent.
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our website's homepage and browse the public portions of our site without disclosing your personal data through your browser; however, you will not be able to log in, process an order, or access any part of our trade e-commerce site.
Automatic Collection of Information
We use cookies on our website to store session information. We recommend that you allow your computer to store and accept cookies to allow for an easier Web experience with enhanced functionality. It is possible to prevent cookies from being generated and stored, should you wish. Your ISP or computer support provider should be able to provide you with instructions on how to do so.
Services and Links on Our Website
This site may include links to third parties. Amscan Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Though they are carefully chosen at the time they are posted, we give no warranty as to the appropriateness of the material at the time they are viewed, their security, or other matters associated with these sites. In addition, these links do not constitute any endorsement by Amscan Inc.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We do not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal data to us. For this reason, parents should consider whether the site is suitable for use by their children and police their use of it. We cannot prevent children from accessing our site, and as such, the onus of ensuring that children only access sites that their parents approve is on those parents. We do not provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our homepage or on those pages on our website where we collect personal data.
Confidentiality/Security
We have implemented security policies, rules, and technical measures to protect the personal data that are under our control from: unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, and unauthorised modification. All our employees and data processors who have access to and are associated with the processing of personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to third party organizations and government authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Home
Catalogs
Amscan For You
Contact Us
© 2020 Amscan Inc. All Rights Reserved.  ·  Privacy Policy  ·  Website Terms & Conditions
Powered by InterSell, ecommerce website solutions