http://www.psm-sensors.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy
This is the web site of PSM Instrumentation Ltd, a company registered in England No.1208673 with VAT Registration No. GB 161661124.
Our postal address is Unit 3 Burrell Road, Haywards Heath, West Sussex, RH16 1TW.
We can be reached via our contact form or you can reach us by telephone at +44 (0) 1444 410040.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognises only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages, used to customise the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, shared with other reputable organisations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organisations for commercial purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by emailing marketing@psmmarine.com.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organisations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Cookies
We want your experience of using our website to be easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
enabling a service to recognise your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task
recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don’t need to do it for every web page requested
measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them through Internet browser cookies – what they are and how to manage them
Our use of cookies
Learn how to remove cookies set on your device.
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using our website:
First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site.
Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies' internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
First party cookies
http://www.psmmarine.com uses cookies in several places – we've listed each of them below with more details about why we use them and how long they will last. We will endeavour to let you know before we store a cookie on your computer.
Cookies set by PSM Marine website
Name
Purpose
Typical content
Expires
PHPSESSID
Authentication session to prevent having to login multiple times in one browser session.
Unique random string allocated to user's session on the site
Expires on exit
Third party cookies
We use a number of suppliers who may also set cookies on this website on their behalf. PSM Marine does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third party websites for more information about these.
Provider
Name
Purpose
More info
Google Analytics
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google Privacy policy
Latest NewsSign up for our NewsletterGet a QuoteEnquiries