http://www.atacosteel.com/privacy-policy/
ATACO STEEL PRODUCTS » Privacy Policy
ATACO Steel Privacy Policy
ATACO Steel Corporation is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site and will not sell or provide any non-public personal information to anyone without your permission.
Types of Information
Cookies. A Cookie is a randomly generated unique number placed on your computer. It allows us to identify your computer without requiring your disclosure of any Non-Public Personal Information. Cookies make it possible to both store and retrieve information through your internet browser. A Cookie itself cannot read information off a hard drive or read Cookie files from other sites.
General Information is information that does not itself reveal your identity. General Information may include, without limitation: generic business type; SIC code; information derived from publicly available databases (such as Dun and Bradstreet); user behavior on our Web site; and aggregated generic information.
Non-Public Personal Information is any non-public information you provide to us or our Partners that is proprietary or identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate you or someone at your business. Non-Public Personal Information may include, without limitation: name; address; phone number; e-mail address; credit card number; account information; voting behavior; spending patterns; and individual tastes and preferences.
Partners are individuals or entities we engage to help us carry out our mission.
What Information We Collect
ATACO Steel Corporation collects general information and non-public personal information.
How We Collect Our Information
ATACO Steel Corporation collects our general information through the use of cookies and server-based tracking systems to view the usage of the website.
Non-public personal information is collected through registration or contact forms on this site and will never be used for any purpose other than internal use or by our partners unless the registrant chooses to be added to mailing lists (this is a choice made by the registrant on the Registration form).
Privacy Policy Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted here and unless otherwise noted on our website.
Changing Your Non-Public Personal Information
ATACO Steel Corporation provides you with the opportunity to change your non-public personal information online for all registration information. Please contact ATACO Steel Corporation to change any non-public personal information provided to us through a contact form.
If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us.
TOP