http://www.sherrillcanet.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Sherrill Canet Interiors | New York, NY
Sherrill Canet Interiors
Portfolio
Shop
Carpet Collection
Wallcoverings
Fabrics Collection
Furniture
Outdoor Collection
About Us
Press
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sherrill Canet Interiors, LTD has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
Your IP address is used to help identify you; we use cookies for your convenience and ease in requesting further information from us again in the future.
Our site’s registration form requires you to give us initial basic contact information (like name and email address). We use this contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and material from selected authorized business partners.
Sherrill Canet Interiors, LTD has a high quality authorized Business Partner network responsible for installation and customization of the products that we represent, providing tailored local support and service.
Your contact information can also be used to send you follow-up communications in your area of interest. Any mailing lists derived from contact information will not be shared with anyone outside the authorized Sherrill Canet Interiors, LTD organization and its working partners. After the initial requested information sharing between you and Sherrill Canet Interiors, LTD , further qualification can determine if more communication will be beneficial. You will not be able from the website itself to opt-out of receiving future information.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, like firewalls and the standard security connected with our installation and management of the site.
This site contains links to other sites. Sherrill Canet Interiors, LTD is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
The Web Manager
info@SherrillCanet.com
Copyright © 2010 Sherrill Canet Interiors, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Site Map |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use
FacebookTwitterDering Hall