http://www.filtec.com/cookie-policy
Newsletter Sign-Up
Request A Quote
Toggle navigation
Filtec | Inspect Detect Protect
Call Us Today! (888) 434-5832 | askFILTEC@filtec.com
Solutions
Glass Inspections
PET Inspections
Can Inspections
Case Inspections
Laser Coding
Customized inspection solutions
Inspection Types
Support
Parts & Service
Company
About
Careers
Events
News
Resources
Articles
Blog
Case Studies
Solutions Notes
Contact
Newsletter Sign-Up
Request A Quote
COOKIE POLICY
Updated: 29th October 2018
You can manage your cookie preferences by selecting the appropriate tab in the privacy preferences option which appears in the bottom of this website.
This website the “Site” uses cookies and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files downloaded onto your device when you visit certain websites. Cookies are useful because they enable certain features and functionality, including recognizing your device.
This Policy describes the cookies our Site uses, the purposes for using them, and your rights. We reserve the right to change this Cookie Policy at any time. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site and will apply to your use of the Site after the “effective date” listed above.
As described in our Privacy Policy, we use cookies and tracking technologies on our Site for a variety of reasons including identifying you, remembering your preferences, helping you navigate our Site, remembering you so that you don’t have to re-enter information when you return to our Site, helping you sign up for newsletters, emails, and quotes, analyzing how you use the Site, and helping us with marketing and advertising.
Types of Cookies
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are stored on your device while you visit our Site. When you close your web browser, these cookies are erased. These cookies do not collect information from your device.
Persistent, permanent, or stored cookies are cookies that are stored on your device for a period of time until they expire or you delete them. These cookies help us recognize you as an existing user so it’s easier for you to return to our Site or interact with our services.
Essential or Strictly Necessary Cookies are cookies that are essential to the basic operation of our Site. They allow you to move around the Site and use its features. For example, they help identify you when you sign in, remember information you have entered on requests for service or parts or provide access to certain secure areas of the Site. These types of cookies do not collect information about you that can be used for marketing purposes and they do not remember where you have been on the internet. By using our Site, you accept these types of cookies. If you prevent these cookies, it may affect the performance of our Site.
Non-Essential Cookies are cookies that are not essential to the basic operation of our Site. These may include:
Performance/Analytics Cookies. These cookies gather information about how you use our Site and helps us improve Site functions. For example, these cookies help us determine which pages you visit, for how long you visit, whether you’ve experience errors, or the technology you used to access the Site. The information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. It will not be used to advertise to you on other websites. Some of these analytics cookies may be set or managed by other companies for us. By using our Site, you accept these types of cookies. If you prevent these cookies, it may affect the performance of our Site.
Functionality/Personalization Cookies: These cookies enhance your experience of our Site. For example, they may help remember your username, language preference, or location when you return. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized. They do not track your browsing activity on other sites. These cookies may be set by us or by a third party. We require your consent to use these cookies.
Advertising/Targeting Cookies: These cookies help us provide advertising relevant to you. For example, they may measure the effectiveness of the advertisement, limit the number of times you have seen it, or record the links you follow to other sites. We may share this information with third parties. In addition, third parties such as advertising networks or web traffic analysis services may place these cookies on our website. We require your consent to use these cookies.
Please check the appropriate box in the tabs of privacy preferences to manage your cookie preferences. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
If you have any questions regarding how we use cookies, you may contact us at:
FILTEC Customer Care
Attn: Marketing
3100 Fujita Street
Torrance, CA 90505
1-888-434-5832
marketing@filtec.com
×
Close
×
FILTEC uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and to serve targeted advertisements. By clicking [I AGREE] you agree to FILTEC processing your personal data. Please read our
PRIVACY POLICY
for more information. You can withdraw your consent to FILTEC processing your personal data at any time by clicking [WITHDRAW CONSENT]. Read about our
COOKIE POLICY
here.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Subscribe to Newsletter