https://www.icap.org.pk/privacy-policy/
Search
ICAP COVID-19 Response
About
Who We Are
Our Vision,Mission & Core Values
What We Do
What We Do
The Institute of Chartered Accountant of
Pakistan (ICAP) was established on 01 July 1961 with the prime objective of
regulating the profession of accounting in Pakistan. ICAP
offers great services to the nation by fostering and nurturing the young talent
for leadership through its robust education and examination system
throughout the years producing high calibre professionals.
In
addition to this, ICAP plays its role in strengthening the regulatory framework
in Pakistan through working in cooperation with important policy making
institutions and regulators including the State Bank of Pakistan, the
Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan, the Federal Board of Revenue
and other Ministries.
Why Choose our members
Our International Presence
Global Affiliations
Governance
Governance
The Institute is governed under the leadership and guidance of the elected Office Bearers, which include the President and the Vice Presidents’ for North and South. The Officer Bearers along with the elected Council Members of ICAP provide the strategic direction for the institute. Management and day to day running of the Institute is the responsibility of the Secretary who is appointed by the Council of the Institute.
Council and Presidents
Past Presidents
Committees and Boards
Management (ICAP)
Financial Assistance
Financial Assistance
At ICAP various scholarships and financial assistance programs are available because we believe in widening access to the CA profession. Till date thousands of financially deserving and academically bright students from all corners of Pakistan have been bestowed with scholarships and assistance programs so that they keep pursing their CA Education without any financial worry.
Benevolent Fund
Edhi CA Talent Program
Students Endowment Fund
Contact Us
About ICAP
The Government of Pakistan adopted the Auditors’ Certificate Rules, 1932 and the Companies Act of 1913 for regulating the profession of accountancy in the country.
How To Do CA
Why CA
Entry Routes
Entry Routes
Access to the Chartered Accountancy qualifications is through multiple entry routes.
Full-Time Scheme
Trainee Scheme
New Registration
Registration and Exemptions
Study Resources
Recognitions
Recognitions
CA qualification is recognized by other accountancy bodies of international repute paving way for all members as well as aspiring Chartered Accountants for their global reach.
Masters Equivalency
CPA Canada
CIPFA
CA ANZ
ICAEW
Fee
Scholarships
Scholarships
At ICAP various scholarships and financial assistance programs are available because we believe in widening access to the CA profession. Till date thousands of financially deserving and academically bright students from all corners of Pakistan have been bestowed with scholarships and assistance programs so that they keep pursing their CA Education without any financial worry.
Edhi CA Talent Program
Students Endowment Fund
Success Stories
FAQs
Contact Us
How To Do CA
Learn about your career path leading to Chartered Accountancy.
Students
Apply for Exemption
My Profile
Education and Training Scheme
Study Resources
Study Resources
ICAP provides its students with detailed and robust studying material to help them in their learning and development. The course material includes syllabus, study packs with answers and other resources which can help students achieve their dream of being a CA.
AFC
CAF
CFAP
MSA
Libraries of ICAP
Examination
Examination
This section will provide you all information that you need to know about examinations as an ICAP student, from exam schedule to announcement of your result.
Examination Schedule & Form Submission
Examination Centers
Exemption Available
Verification Letters & Attestation of Documents
Results
Statistics of Results
Important Notices
Student Feedback/Review Schemes
Exam under Remote Proctoring Environment AFC
Exam under Remote Proctoring Environment CFAP/MSA
Exam under Centre Based Environment
Scholarships
Scholarships
At ICAP various scholarships and financial assistance programs are available because we believe in widening access to the CA profession. Till date thousands of financially deserving and academically bright students from all corners of Pakistan have been bestowed with scholarships and assistance programs so that they keep pursing their CA Education without any financial worry.
Edhi CA Talent Program
Students Endowment Fund
Training
Training
ICAP is proud to be associated with the best training organisations both inside and outside practice to provide an experience and learning opportunity to the future finance leaders. High quality learning and leadership development during the training years of a CA student have been the hallmark of ICAP’s reputation and the success of its members all over the world.
Training Regulations
Registered Training Organizations
Placements for Trainees
Stipend Rates
Training Outside Practice
Learning Providers
Learning Providers
ICAP is cognizant of the support that Learning Providers extend to students in helping them through their studies as a tuition provider. Under the platform, Learning Providers which include Registered Accounting Education Tutors and Registered Accounting School Systems offer learning guidance and examination preparation support at all levels of the CA qualification.
Education Delivery System (RAETS & RASS)
Approved PCSC Providers
ICAP Collaboration with Universities
Fee and Forms
Fee and Forms
This section lets you know the details of examination fees along with list of authorized bank branches where fees can be deposited. It will also give you access for online submission of all types of fees and forms.
Fee
Authorized Branches for Fee Collection
Forms
FAQs
Contact Us
Students
Chartered Accountancy is a prime finance and accountancy qualification which is a hallmark of professional excellence. ICAP’s Chartered Accountants are recognised locally as well as internationally for their knowledge, professional excellence and integrity.
Members
Member Login
How to Become a Member
Membership Fee & Renewal
Membership Fee & Renewal
All ICAP Members excepting Life Members are required to
renew their membership every year. Annually members are also required to submit
their CPD declaration online and update particulars.
The annual Membership fee is due on July 1 and payable by
August 31, every year.
Members
should ensure that their Membership fee is paid on time so that they continue
to enjoy the membership benefits.
Membership Fee Schedule
Outstanding Dues
Payment Methods
Restoration to Membership
Members Obligations
Members Obligations
As a Member of the Institute you are required to maintain
the highest professional standards by conscientiously adhering to the values of the
Chartered Accountants Code of Ethics and following the requirements of the
Chartered Accountants Ordinance, 1961, Byelaws 1983 and the Directives given in
the ‘Members Handbook’ referred to as ‘the Red Book’.
As the accountancy profession is dynamically evolving with time,
you as Members are required to keep abreast with change through your Continued
Professional Development (CPD).
Members Handbook
Code of Ethics
CPD Compliance
Membership Benefits
Membership Benefits
The ICAP membership opens up an avenue of opportunities for
your professional growth, career development and progression. We tend to keep
our members up-to-date with the global changes impacting the Profession which
include updates, guidance and response to technical queries.
The ICAP membership gives you an esteemed professional
designation, recognized internationally in various jurisdictions.  So stay
connected as a Member and enjoy the privileges.
Recognition
Members’ Privileges
Technical Credential Verifications
ICAP Collaboration with Universities
Practice Requirements
Practice Requirements
As a Member, in order to practice there are certain
obligations which need to be fulfilled. For details, fill out the forms which
are available here.
Practicing Chartered Accountant
Practicing Management Consultants
Forms
Firms
Resignation, Removal & Suspension of Membership
Resignation, Removal & Suspension of Membership
A member will be removed due to non-payment of membership fee. Further, a member may be removed or suspended as a consequence of disciplinary proceedings against him / her.
Inactive Members Outstanding
Members Communication
Disciplinary Process
Disciplinary Process
As a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan you need to comply with the requirements of the Chartered Accountants Ordinance 1961, Bye laws 1983, the Council Directives and the ICAP Code of Ethics for Chartered Accountants. In case of non- compliance disciplinary proceedings will be initiated under the provisions of the Chartered Accountants Ordinance 1961.
Investigation Report
Connecting with Membership
Connecting with Membership
ICAP with its growing membership has members all over the
world working as professional accountants in business and practice. We connect
with them through the Overseas Chapters, the ‘Professional Accountants in
Business (PAIB) Committee’ and the ‘CA Women Committee (CAWC)’.
Member Directory
Overseas Chapters of ICAP Members
Professional Accountants in Business
Chartered Accountants Women Committee
Career Support
Career Support
ICAP wants to see its Members placed in the best positions,
creating value for the economy and attaining self-satisfaction.  The
Institute provides Career Support in the form mentoring and listing latest job
openings on the website and other platforms.
Job Portal
Career Enhancement Tips
ICAP Mentorship Program
Ethics Dilemma APP
Verification Services (Inactive Members)
Members
Membership – ICAP members enjoy a prominent and highly respected place among professionals. This is due to excellence in academia, rigorous on job training and their diversified presence in various economic sectors.
Affiliate
Directive
Admission as Affiliate
Track Your Affiliate Certificate
Brochure
FAQs
Measurement of CPD Credit Hour
Professional Accounting Affiliate Scheme
The Instiute has decided to recognize its capable students who have completed the required practical training and passed a significant part of advanced stage of CA qualification by awarding them the ‘Professional Accounting Affiliate’ status.
Quality Assurance
List of Firms Having Satisfactory QCR Rating
Statutory QCR Rating
QCR Documents
QCR Documents
QCR Program is an
essential part of the Institute’s regulatory framework, established to develop
and maintain compliance of professional standards amongst the firms engaged in
the audit of limited companies particularly listed entities, as the Code of
Corporate Governance requires that a satisfactory QCR rating is mandatory for
CA firms to conduct audit of listed and economically significant companies.
The primary
objective of the QCR process is to monitor the compliance by audit firms with
appropriate levels of professional standards in the performance of the audit
function. The secondary objective is to provide guidance to practitioners to
assist them to improve their standards.
Council Directives Relating to QCR
Circulars
Audit Practices Manuals
Audit Compliance Review
Format of List of Audit Engagements
QAB Reports
ISQC-1 Implementation Guide
QCR Framework
SMP Workshops
Quality Assurance Board
Appellate Board
Quality Assurance
QCR Program is a key part of the Institute’s regulatory framework, established to develop and maintain compliance of professional standards amongst the firms engaged in the audit of limited companies particularly listed entities.
Technical Services
APRS Program
Research & Resources
Publications
Publications
The ICAP publishes two publications to keep members up to date with all the developments happening in the Institute. Read the bi-monthly Newsletters, share articles written by subject matter experts and members by downloading our quarterly magazine The Pakistan Accountant or browse through the Institute’s Annual Reports.
The Pakistan Accountant
Newsletter
Financial Statements
Coffee Table Book
ICAP-IBA Research Unit New
News & Events
CPD Calendar
Directors’ Training Program
ICAP Conferences
ICAP Digital Library
Download
Research and Resources
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan maintains a robust resource library to assist those who visit our site with learning more about the happenings at the Institute, review the CPD Calendar, be informed about upcoming events, read blogs shared by other members
or download ICAP Publications
AML Supervision
Member Sign in
Student Sign in
Employee Sign in
Sign In
Click here to log in to your account and access all the secured area features.
How Can We Help You?
Home
HomePrivacy Policy
We believe that it is very important to respect
the privacy of individuals and maintain the confidentiality, and use the
information ethically, which is provided through electronic channels. This
Privacy Policy describes how we deal with information we collect and
demonstrates our commitment to the protection of your privacy.
This privacy policy covers:
What information we collect and how we collect
it
Who will have access to the information
Other websites
How to contact us
The information we collect and how we use it
We collect your
contact details, personal details, employment details, educational details, membership
information and medical information. We
gather data to provide better services to our users – from fundamental to
complex things.
We will not collect or use your personal information
unless it is lawful for us to do so. We collect and use your personal
information for:
Processing and assessing student,
membership, enrolments and renewals.
Fulfilling our role as a professional
body, including maintaining candidate, membership and related records
Communicating to members on matters
relevant to the Chartered Accountants Program, membership, accreditation or
specialization and any other programs
Job opportunities with us
Monitoring, moderating and improving our
site
Conducting, managing and reporting on
quality assurance reviews and audits
Providing and managing scholarships and
other charitable assistance, including providing information to our foundation
and benevolent funds.
In
addition, we may ask you to
complete surveys, questionnaires or post comments on the website from time to
time. These will always be voluntary, but we may extract information from them
to personalize the website and to target the relevant users. We will ask you
for your email address if you want us to contact you in this regard, to receive
email update information and newsletters, or if you wish to pay online. You can
delete or change your email address at any time or unsubscribe to particular
types of email.
Moreover, the website gives you the
opportunity to change your preferences about receiving conventional postal
mails. To change preferences, login and select your name account from the
top horizontal menu. If you have a web chat conversation, we will record a copy
of that conversation and hold it against the membership number/student
number/other identification id you used to log in to this website. We will use
selective or all of the personal information we collect about you to build up a
profile of your use of the website and its facilities. We will store this
information under your name on the ICAP’s system.
Who will have access to the information?
We do not use your personal information or disclose it
to another organization unless:
It is reasonably necessary for us to
do so
Having regard to the nature of the
information, we believe you would expect us to use the information or make the
disclosure
We have reason to suspect that unlawful
activity, or misconduct of a serious nature, that relates to our functions or
activities has been, is being or may be engaged in, and we believe that the
collection, use or disclosure is necessary in order for us to take appropriate
action
You have provided your consent
Other Websites
We might
disclose your personal information to:
Any of our related and associated
companies, affiliates and subsidiaries, including those established in the
future
Any person to whom we are, in our belief
in good faith, under an obligation to make disclosure as required by any
applicable law
Government agencies, statutory
authorities and industry regulators
Our auditors, consultants, accountants,
lawyers or other financial or professional advisers
How to contact us
ICAP House: Chartered
Accountants Avenue Clifton Block 8, Karachi
UAN: 111
000 422
Email:
You
can contact us on the below mentioned email addresses or you can chat with us
so we can resolve your query.
For Membership: membership@icap.org.pk
For Education and Training: education@icap.org.pk
For Examination queries: examinations@icap.org.pk
For Human Resource queries: hrd@icap.org.pk
ICAP HEAD OFFICE
Office Location Chartered Accountants Avenue Clifton Karachi-75600
UAN 111-000-422
info@icap.org.pk
Monday - Friday: 8:30 AM - 05:30 PM
Contact Us (Regional Offices)
ICAP
Who We Are
What We Do
Governance
Publications
ICAP Facilities
Human Resources
Careers
STUDENTS
My Profile
Education and Training Scheme
Professional Accounting Affiliate Scheme
Study Resources
Examination
Scholarships
Fee
MEMBERS
Member Login
How to Become a Member
Membership Fee & Renewal
Members Obligations
Membership Benefits
Practice Requirements
Fee
TECHNICAL RESOURCES
Code of Ethics
Audit Assurance
Financial Reporting
Technical Opinion
PAYMENT METHODS
Online Payment
Bank Fee Voucher
Wire Transfer Routing
Authorized Branches for
Fee Collection
ICAP CONFERENCES
ICAP CFO Conference
ICAP Conference 2019
ICAP PFM Conference
FRED Forum 2018
ICAP WEBSITES
National Finance Olympiad (NFO)
Director’s Training Program
Professional Accountants in Business (PAIB)
CA Women's Committee
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
Copyright © 2020 The Institute of Chartered Accountant of Pakistan | All Rights are Reserved.
Go to Top