http://www.lodestarfarms.com/privacy-policy
Login / Register
Sold Out
Home
California Olive Oil
California Olive OilsLate Harvest MissionLemon Olive OilGarlic Olive OilBalsamic Dipping OilLodestar Farms Gift Sets4-Bottle Gift Box Oil ClubOil Grades
Our Story
About Us
History
Mission Olives
Distinction
Photo Gallery
Rural Life
Our Community
Events
Press Room
Tasting / Visit Us
Oil Club
15 Min Lodestar Pesto
Asparagus Risotto
Black Mission Fig Jam
Bruschetta Proscuitto
Chocolate Peanut Cookies
Creamy Risotto
Grilled Endive
Grilled Swordfish
Italian Sesame Cookies
Lodestar Aioli
Lemon Chicken Penne
Lemon Olive Oil Vinegarette
Lodestar Caprese
Lodestar Lamb Chops
Marinated Pork Chops
Mashed Yukon Gold Potatoes
Olive Salsa
Olive Tapenade
Pan Roasted Chicken
Quinoa Salad
Red Pepper Puree
Spanish Olive Tortilla
Steamed Mussels
Surf and Turf Bruschetta
Walnut Pesto
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Lodestar Farms has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for
LodestarFarms.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
This site contains links to other sites. Lodestar Farms is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in,
and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us, at the point where we request information about the visitor.
To remove your information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service, please email info@lodestarfarms.com.
Correct/Update
To change or modify information previously provided, you can send an email to info@lodestarfarms.com.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact
Lodestar Farms
3719 Foothill Blvd
Oroville, CA 95966
USA
info@lodestarfarms.com
(530) 534-6548
Friends and family 20% off use code FM20 at checkout!
Open Fri 12-5pm and Sat 12-5pm (closed from January to March).
Sign up for our email list for special offers and Lodestar news
©
2020
Lodestar Farms | 3719 Foothill Blvd Oroville, CA 95966 | (530) 534-6548
Home | California Olive Oil | Our Story | Tasting / Visit Us
| Oil Club | News | Recipes | Contact Us
Privacy Policy Shipping Rates