http://www.bstonetech.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Still have questions?
We'd love to hear from you.
Contact Us
Home  |  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Blackstone Technology Group, we respect your privacy and provide this policy (“Privacy Policy”) to let you know what information we collect about you and the organization(s) you may represent and your use of our Web Site (https://bstonetech.com), how we use that information, and how we share it with others. Whenever this Privacy Policy refers to “we”, “our”, or “us”, it is referring to this Web Site. By using the site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy concerns all information transmitted electronically into our corporate systems by email or via website forms and applications we own or have contracted. Information you may provide directly to third-party (non-Blackstone Technology Group) systems and sites, such as blog or micro-blog platforms (i.e. WordPress or Twitter), social communities (i.e. Facebook or LinkedIn) or other social media or Web 2.0 applications is addressed by the privacy policies of those websites.
If you have any questions or concerns about our policy or its implementation, you may contact us through the Contact Us page.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletters, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Whenever reasonably possible, we offer you choices when we ask for personal information (see below). You may always decline to provide personal information to us.
If at any time you do not wish us to contact you using the information you have provided to us or have any questions concerning our Privacy Policy, please contact us by telephone, regular mail, or email. You will find our contact information on the Contact Us page.
Personal Information: Personal information is information that can be used to identify you or contact you. In general, you can visit https://bstonetech.com without providing any personal information. We collect personal information about you, such as your name and e-mail address, when you voluntarily provide it to us via the Contact Us page on the site. We may use this information to contact you by traditional and electronic mail and by telephone to provide you with new product information we believe may be useful to you. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the e-mail address you provide to us. If your information is outdated or inaccurate, we may not be able to send you e-mails or notify you about changes to this Privacy Policy.
Logging Information: When you visit our site, our servers automatically collect log information. This information may include your Web page request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Our Web analytics partners may use your IP address to determine your approximate geographic location or the name to which your IP address has been assigned. We collect log information so that we can properly administer our systems, gather information about how our site is being used, including the pages visitors are viewing, and improve the content of our site.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
The email address you may provide for order processing (for example to order articles or whitepapers), will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security and personal privacy measures to maintain the safety of your personal, government or corporate information when you fill out a form on our website, and send your information to us.
We use a number of security systems and secure technologies to support our website, business and Internet communications. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology and then stored in our secure systems. This information is to be only accessed by those authorized with special access privileges for our systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential and protected. These employees or contractors must abide by our Privacy Policy and those who violate the Privacy Policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or contract. Although we will make reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. There is also some risk that others could find a way to breach our security systems.
Do we use cookies?
We currently use Google Analytics to help understand how visitors engage with our website. Google Analytics collects information anonymously, and much like examining footprints in sand, it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Analytics uses its own cookie to track visitor interactions. The cookie is used to store information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. These cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies or to accept cookies only from our site. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your corporate, government or personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties (see “Agents and Contractors”, below) who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We may share aggregated information about you with third parties. This is information that combines information about you with the information of other users and does not allow you to be identified or contacted. We can not limit the third parties use of the aggregated information.
Agents and Contractors
Contractors sometimes have access to your personal information in the course of assisting us in operating our business and providing products or services to you. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content for the operation and maintenance of our site. Some of these relationships may be with companies that co-brand portions of their site and services, or that provide services to you on our behalf. Access to your personal information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function. Contractors have an obligation under their contracts with us to keep your information confidential and to comply with our privacy and security policies.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party information or services on our website, from partners, vendors or clients. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Changes in our Corporate Structure: If all or part of our company is sold, merged or otherwise transferred to another entity, the personal information you have provided at this site may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will take steps to ensure that, without your consent, any personal information that is transferred will not be used or shared in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Policy under which it was collected.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our Online Privacy Policy. A downloadable PDF version of this policy is available for your convenience.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date accordingly.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may mail or call us using the information below, or contact us using our Online Contact Form.
Blackstone Technology Group
150 California Street, 9th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94111
USA
Phone: (415) 837-1400
Fax: (415) 837-1474
7ads6x98y