https://www.geappliances.ca/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Contact Us
Where To Buy
Français
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 21, 2018.
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy sets out the privacy policies and practices of MC Commercial Inc. (referred to as “MC Commercial Inc.”, “our”, “us” or “we”) with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information relating to:
the Site provided in association with, including the establishment of user accounts to access certain features and functionality available at www.geappliances.ca (the “Site”)
appliance Orders or part Orders submitted to us by phone, email or on-line (the “Orders”)
appliance Service requests submitted to us by phone, email or on-line (the “Service”)
Customer satisfaction Surveys conducted by us, or for us by third party service providers, by phone, email or on-line (the “Surveys”)
In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual, as further defined under the applicable laws of Canada, and “including” its derivatives means “including without limitation”.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. The changes will be effective on us providing notice of the changes by posting such notice on the Site, or by other reasonable means. Any changes made to comply with the law will be effective immediately. You agree to regularly review this Privacy Policy to be aware of any changes.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
We collect information as follows:
Information you provide. This includes information you voluntarily provide when you:
sign up to receive emails from us, register as a user to use the portions of the site that require such registration, update your information, or use the Site. For example, when you sign up to our mailing list, we collect your name, email address and such other information as we may require for the purposes of adding you to our mailing list.
submit Orders for product, parts or appliance Service. For example, when you place Orders, or request Service, we collect your name, email address and such other information as we may require for the purposes of processing your order or request, providing the requested products, parts or services, billing for same, and to contact you in connection with your order or request.
respond to customer satisfaction Surveys.  For example, when you agree to respond to or participate in our Surveys and provide us with information, we collect your name, address, your specific survey responses and such other information as we may require for the purposes of training and improvement of our service network.
Information from your use of the Site. This includes information collected in our server logs (such as browser type, pages visited, referring page, IP address, date and time stamps, other statistics, and errors), through ‘cookies’ (such as saving your login information and storing session information), and about the device you are using to access the Site (such as hardware and operating system details). Cookies are used primarily to remember information about you and serve up customized web pages to your web browser when revisiting a web page. We use traffic log cookies to help us provide you with a better website experience and identify which pages are being used. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
To provide the Site to you. This includes processing your registration as user, where applicable, maintaining your information in our database, and communicating with you.
To enable us to publish your ratings, reviews, forum postings, or related user content, as provided by you.
To maintain and improve user experiences and overall quality of the Site, our products and services, and to develop new sites and improve our products and services. This includes training of our Service personnel, diagnosing problems with our products or systems, administering the Site, and analyzing how the Site is being used.
To answer your questions, to provide you with products or services you have requested, and to inform you of additional products and services provided by MC Commercial Inc., by affiliates of MC Commercial Inc., or by our business partners.
For additional purposes that may be identified at or before the time that the information is collected, or that you subsequently consent to.
WE MAY DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION:
To third party service providers and to affiliated entities in order to carry out work on our behalf. These third parties and affiliates maybe in Canada, the United States of America, Mexico or in other parts of the world.
As required or permitted by law and to law enforcement agencies, including the laws of the parts of the world in which your personal information is stored, and private parties for the purposes of investigating fraud or other offences.
To another party during the course of, or completion of, a change in ownership of or the grant of a security interest in, all or a part of MC Commercial Inc. through, for example, an asset or share sale, or some other form of business combination, merger or joint venture, provided that such party is bound by appropriate agreements or obligations and required to use or disclose your personal information in a manner consistent with the use and disclosure provisions of this privacy policy, unless you consent otherwise.
As consented to by you from time to time, including to fulfill any other purposes that are identified when the personal information is collected.
CONSENT
By submitting personal information to us through your registration or otherwise by:
using the Site,
submitting your Order
requesting Service
agreement to participate in a Survey
you agree that we may collect, use and disclose such personal information as described in and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted or required by law.
LINKS
The Site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. You should review the privacy policies of the sites that you visit. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us in connection with the Site.
SECURITY
We use reasonable efforts to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information with security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information we collect. However, it is possible that any information transmitted via the Internet may be intercepted by unknown third parties. We therefore encourage you to carefully ensure security through virus screening software, browser settings, the setting of passwords that are known only to you and are difficult to guess, and other security measures available to individuals and/or companies.  The security of your personal information is important to us, please advise our [Privacy Officer] immediately of any incident involving the loss of or unauthorized access to or disclosure of personal information that is in our custody or control.
OPT-OUT
You are given the opportunity to (i) opt out of receiving communications from us, or participating in a Survey, or (ii) remove your personal information related thereto from our records. If you wish to opt out of receiving further communications or participating in a Survey, please contact us by email or phone using the contact information provided below.
CORRECTIONS/CONTACT
You may contact us to modify or correct any of your personal information that is under our control. You may also direct a written complaint regarding compliance with this Privacy Policy to us and, within a reasonable time upon receiving the written complaint, we will review your complaint and, as appropriate, conduct an investigation into the matter. Within a reasonable time of concluding the investigation, we will inform you whether the complaint will be allowed or denied. If allowed, we will take appropriate measures necessary to rectify the complaint.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information in connection with the Site, please contact us as follows:
ATTENTION: LEGAL DEPARTMENT, PRIVACY OFFICER
ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 5345, BURLINGTON, ONTARIO, L7R 5B6
EMAIL: SERVICEREQUEST@MABE.CA
TELEPHONE: 1-800-561-3344