https://www.glenabbot.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy statement (EU)
This privacy statement applies to citizens of the European Economic Area.
In this privacy statement, we explain what we do with the data we obtain about you via https://glenabbot.co.uk. We recommend you carefully read this statement.
In our processing we comply with the requirements of privacy legislation. That means, among other things, that:
we clearly state the purposes for which we process personal data. We do this by means of this privacy statement
we aim to limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data required for legitimate business purposes
we first request your explicit consent to process your personal data in cases requiring your consent
we take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and also require this from parties that process personal data on our behalf
we respect your right to access your personal data or have it corrected or deleted, at your request
If you have any questions, or want to know exactly what data we keep of you, please contact us
Purpose, data and retention period
We use your data in order to contact you by phone, mail, email or Skype. For this purpose we use your name, email address, phone number(s) or mailing address
The basis on which we may process this information is that you have given us your consent by providing us with the information
We will retain your data until our services are terminated
Sharing with other parties
We do not share your data with third parties.
Cookies
Our website records cookies, but these are not used anywhere.
Security
We are committed to the security of personal data. We take appropriate security measures to limit abuse of and unauthorised access to personal data.
This ensures that only the necessary persons have access to your data, that access to the data is protected, and that our security measures are regularly reviewed.
Third party websites
This privacy statement does not apply to third party websites connected by links on our website. We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable or secure manner. We recommend you read the privacy statements of these websites prior to making use of these websites.
Amendments to this privacy statement
We reserve the right to make amendments to this privacy statement. It is recommended that you consult this privacy statement regularly in order to be aware of any changes. In addition, we will actively inform you wherever possible.
Accessing and modifying your data
If you have any questions or want to know which personal data we have about you, please contact us. You can contact us by using the information below. You have the following rights:
You have the right to know why your personal data is needed, what will happen to it, and how long it will be retained for
Right of access: You have the right to access your personal data that is known to us.
Right to rectification: you have the right to supplement, correct, have deleted or blocked your personal data whenever you wish
If you give us your consent to process your data, you have the right to revoke that consent and to have your personal data deleted
Right to transfer your data: you have the right to request all your personal data from the controller and transfer it in its entirety to another controller
Right to object: you may object to the processing of your data. We comply with this, unless there are justified grounds for processing
Please make sure to always clearly state who you are, so that we can be certain that we do not modify or delete any data of the wrong person
Submitting a complaint
If you are not satisfied with the way in which we handle (a complaint about) the processing of your personal data, you have the right to submit a complaint to the Data Protection Authority.
Contact details
Glen Abbot Ltd
Quayside House
Friarton Road
Perth
PH2 BB
www.glenabbot.co.uk
email: david.hutcheson@glenabbot.co.uk
Glen Abbot Ltd Quayside House,
Friarton Road,
Perth
PH2 8BB
Be Social With UsFollow Us!© Glen Abbot Ltd 2020 Designed and Built By:
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OK×Cookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only