http://www.mccownco.com/privacy-policy
Services
Heating & A/C Service
Heating & A/C Installation
Indoor Air Quality
Reviews
FAQs
Team
Financing
Blog
Contact Us
Photo Gallery
McCown Company Heating and Air
4721 Augusta Rd, Greenville, South Carolina 29605
864-277-7311
info@mccownco.com
Privacy Policy McCown Company Heating and Air
Information Collected
McCown Company Heating and Air
may collect information, such as your e-mail address, name and phone number.
Information about your computer hardware and software also may be automatically collected. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by McCown Company Heating and Air for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use Of Your Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We will send one welcome email following registration to all registered patrons. We also send periodical service updates to users.
We do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties.
Contact Information
McCown Company Heating and Air welcomes your comments. If you would like to stop receiving messages from us, please contact us at info@mccownco.com.
Request information now!
Our Services
Request information
My family and I go back to 1972 with Hugh McCown and his company. For the first time (2/1/19) I had a potential problem with McCown Company which they addressed immediately. Thanks to tech AJ, office manager Kathy, and owner Hugh McCown my problem was COMPLETELY resolved to my satisfaction. The entire company operates on a professional level with customer satisfaction being a primary focus. Hugh took a $ hit to satisfy my concern/problem which further reinforced my belief in his integrity. Look forward to many more years of service from them.
Lupe and Roy arrived at my house at the scheduled time and worked hard installing my new unit. The were courteous, polite, and very knowledgeable. Craig was my salesperson and he showed up on the job to ensure the install was complete and I was happy with the product. Thank you!
These guys are great, the owner, Mr. McCown has been in the HVAC business for many years and loves to take care of customers and their Air Conditioning and Heating needs. It has been my experience that he is a man of his word and likes to give old fashion service with a smile. The products that they offer are energy saving products and state-of-the-art systems that will last for many, many trouble free years.
Request Information Now!