http://www.manasquanfasteners.com/privacy
Construction Fasteners
Simpson Joist Hangers, Straps & Connectors
Carriage Bolts - 18-8SS & 316SS
Hex Cap Bolts (Screws) - 18-8SS & 316SS
Lag Screws - 18-8SS & 316SS
Hanger Bolts - 18-8SS
Washers & Nuts 18-8SS & 316SS
Stainless Steel Threaded Rod
Concrete Anchoring Systems
Structural Screws
Machine Screws - Stainless Steel
Deck Fasteners
Ipe Clip® Hidden Deck Fasteners
Hidden Deck Clips
Plugging Systems for AZEK® / Trex®
Wood Plugging Systems
Trim Plugging Systems
Ipe Plugs
Fascia Screws & Plugs
Headcote® & Cap-Tor® xd Deck Screws
Deckfast® Metal Screws for Metal Framing
Tiger Claw Hidden Deck Fasteners
EB-TY® Premium Hidden Deck-Fastening System™
Nails, Screws & Staples
Hand Drive Nails
Nails for Nail Guns
Screws For Decking, Wood & Composites
U2 Fasteners® - Stainless Steel Screws
Quik Drive® Collated Screws
NailPro® Ballistic Pins & Washers
NailPro® Collated Nails & Staples
Stainless Steel Sheet Metal Screws
Fiber Cement Siding Screws
Self Drilling Screws
Truss Head Screws
Marine Screws
Stainless Steel Staples
Tools & Accessories
Nailpro® Tools for Wood Fastening
NailPro® Tools for Concrete and Steel Fastening
Ipe Oil®, WiseCoat® & Ipe Seal®
DeckWise® Deck Cleaner
Smart-Bit® Tools
Deck Board Spacing Tools
Ledger & Joist Flashing Tape
Decking & Framing Tools
Driver Bits
Resources & Information
Nail Gun Reference Tool
Staple Gun Reference Tool
Fastener Estimator
ACQ & CA Facts
Technical Data & Reference
Call ahead for local pick up orders Free Shipping on online orders over $199*!
See Details
Privacy & Security Policy
Our Privacy Policy allows us to continue to provide you with the best quality service and experience while prioritizing the security of our customers.
We are committed to privacy and as such have outlined how we collect, use, and safeguard the information you provide.
Credit card and personal information
All reasonable measures are taken to guard your privacy and security when shopping with us. When placing your order, you voluntarily provide certain personal and financial information. You have a right to know how this is safeguarded, handled and used. Your credit card and related personal information is used for processing, completing, and securing payment for your order. When placing an order by telephone, fax, or through our website you are voluntarily granting Manasquan Premium Fasteners, LLC permission to use this information for this purpose
How We Secure Your Information
When you purchase items online from us your order is secured and encrypted as per industry standards. Our website has been tested and proven to meet or exceed the requirements of the PCI Council for the secure handling of credit card data.
How We Use Your Information
We do not sell or rent your name, e-mail address, mailing/shipping address, telephone/fax numbers, or other personal information to any other person or company.
We may provide your name, e-mail, address, and phone number to manufacturers and to shipping carriers to fulfill your order and notify you of shipment and package tracking information.
We may notify you by e-mail of new products, specials, closeouts, etc. You may cancel/opt out of this permission at any time by phone, e-mail or fax.
Any information including but not limited to testimonials, personal project photos and experiences shared to the website or social media is by consent of the individual.
Submitting reviews, questions, and contact submittals through the website or our affiliates gives us access to any information you choose to provide including name, email, phone number, and address.
This information is used for the purpose intended to assist you in your shopping experience.
Information provided may be shared with manufacturers, affiliates, and shipping carriers for quoting and fulfilling orders as well as to provide any customer support required.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are pieces of information stored as text files that keep information about internet browsing activity.
They are essential to certain functions of a website, like saving internet shopping cart information, and their use enhances user experience.
Users have the right to know a website is using cookies and to understand that they may adjust the cookies settings in their browser to meet their privacy needs.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
Data from cookies provides insights into customer browsing activities and is used to improve the website usability to better serve our customers.
Aggregate data including general information such as website visits, browsing behavior, and sales information is collected and shared with marketing partners and affiliates.
This general customer information is used to inform marketing strategy to cater to identified customer preferences.
How to Disable Cookies
Cookies help websites retain information to help provide the best user experience.
For instance, cookies enable sites to save your information in a shopping cart and to keep your username for account login information pre-filled for you.
In the event that you do not want sites saving data, you may disable your browser's ability to store and save cookies.
For step-by-step instructions on how to disable cookies in a variety of internet browsers, and for more in-depth information about cookies and their usage, visit www.internetcookies.org.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns, and related website information to our partners.
This information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy & Security Policy.
Legal Exception to the above policy:
If required by court order to provide information to an authorized court representative as a result of any legal proceeding or court order.
Call 800-542-1979
Monday - Friday
8:00 am - 4:30 pm EST
CONTACT US
Be the first to get news on new products, specials, and more!
Call 800-542-1979
Weekdays 8:00 am - 4:30 pm
1129B Industrial Parkway
Brick, NJ 08724
GOOGLE MAPS