http://www.waterfordstanley.com/terms-of-website-use/
Contact our Experts on 051 302 300
Main Navigation
Stanley Heat Pumps
Why Stanley Heat Pumps?
Heat Pumps Explained
Heat Pump Models & Accessories
Resource Centre
Approved Renewable Installers
Register Your Heat Pump
Heat Pump FAQs
Contact Our Heat Pump Team
Stoves
Stove Chooser
Stanley Stoves
Cookers
Stanley Cookers
AGA Range Cookers
Rangemaster Range Cookers
Rangemaster Built-in Appliances
Rayburn Range Cookers
Where to Buy
Stockists
AGA Centres
International Dealers
Buying a Stanley
Why Stanley Stoves
Authorised Installers
About Waterford Stanley
Brochure Request
Reconditioned v New
Stove Chooser
Insert Stoves Explained
Useful Contact Numbers
Resource Centre
Stove Buyers Guide
Plumbing and Troubleshooting
After Sales Service Stanley, Rayburn and AGA
After Sales Service Rangemaster
Stanley Spare Parts
Stove User Reference Guides
Stanley How To Videos
Technical Manuals
Flueing Stanley Stoves and Cookers
Stove and Cooker FAQs
Product Certification and Energy Labelling
News & Media
In the News
Stanley Image Gallery
Stanley TV
Ask the Heat Doctor
Stanley Stories
Contact Us
Contact Us
Newsletter Signup
Brochure Request
Online Warranty Registration
Useful Contact Numbers
Waterford Stanley
Terms of Use
Terms of Website Use
Waterford Stanley Policies
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website to browse, place orders, or request brochures and other information from Waterford Stanley Limited, whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Information about us
is a site operated by Waterford Stanley Limited, ("Waterford Stanley ", "we", or "us"). We are registered in Ireland under company number 084827 and have our registered office at Unit 401-403, Waterford Industrial Estate, Cork Road, Waterford Ireland.
Our VAT number is:
Ireland VAT Registration: IE 475 9790D
You may contact us at this address or phone us on 051 302300.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
When using our site, you must comply with the provisions of our Acceptable Use Policy
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.  You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Reliance on information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed.  We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time; and
for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our Security and Privacy Policy By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
If you have opted in on our website forms
We may contact you for marketing purposes by email, mail or telephone with relevant offers from Waterford Stanley.
We may also contact you for market research purposes.
You can opt out of some or all communication at any time by telephoning us on 051 302300 or email us at DataProtection@WaterfordStanley.com.
Uploading material to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our site.We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
Customer Reviews and Stories
These terms of use govern your conduct associated with any Customer Reviews and Stories service provided on our websites or social media providers. To the extent of any conflict between our Security and Privacy Policy and these terms of use will take precedence in respect of such services.
By submitting any content to Waterford Stanley, you represent and warrant that:
You are the sole author and have not copied the content from any third party;
All content that you post is accurate;
Use of the content you supply does not violate these terms of use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit any content:
That is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
That infringes any third party's copyright, trademark, or privacy;
That is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, racially or religiously biased or offensive, contains obscene language, or is threatening or harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
That includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers; or
That contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
For any content that you submit, you grant Waterford Stanley a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you.
All content that you submit may be used at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to change, condense or delete any content on our websites that we deem, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these terms of use. We do not guarantee that you will have any recourse through Waterford Stanley to edit or delete any content you have submitted.
Ratings and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. However, we reserve the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for any reason. You acknowledge that you, not Waterford Stanley, are responsible for the contents of your submission.
None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Waterford Stanley, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
By submitting your email address in connection with your rating and review, you agree that Waterford Stanley and its third party service providers may use your email address to contact you about the status of your review and other administrative purposes.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to marketing@waterfordstanley.com
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The laws of Ireland will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Ireland.
Trade marks
Waterford Stanley is a European registered trade mark of Waterford Stanley Limited, and is the principal trade mark among a much larger number of nationally and internationally registered trade marks.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page and you need to be aware of this as these terms of use are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
These Terms and Conditions were updated on 10th May 2018
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact marketing@waterfordstanley.com
Thank you for visiting our site.
Copyright
© Copyright 2018 Waterford Stanley Limited
Brochure Request
Stockist
Social Networks with Waterford Stanley
Close Window
Social Sharing
Follow us via your social network
Share this page via your social network
Click on the link below to see our blog
Read our blog
Newsletter sign up | Join our email list to receive our latest news and offers
Sign up to our Newsletter
WEEE Directive
Privacy & Security
Terms of Website Use
Sitemap
Cookie Policy
Ethical Trading Policy
©2019 Stanley is a Registered Trademark of Waterford Stanley Limited. Registered in Ireland under Registered Number 84827. Unit 401- 403, Waterford Industrial Estate, Cork Road, Waterford, X91 DR76, Ireland.
Waterford Stanley Ltd 2019
Part of
More Links
STANLEY HEAT PUMPS
Why Stanley Heat Pumps
Heat Pumps Explained
Heat Pump Models & Accessories
Resource Centre
Where to Buy
Register your Heat Pump
Heat Pump FAQs
STANLEY STOVES
Stove Chooser
Stanley Stoves
STANLEY COOKERS
Stanley Cookers
Rangemaster
Rayburn
WHERE TO BUY
Stockists
Dublin Stanley Stove Stockists
International Dealers
BUYING A STANLEY
Why Stanley Stoves?
Authorised Installers
About Waterford Stanley
Brochure Request
Reconditioned V New
Stove Chooser
Insert Stoves Explained
Useful Contact Numbers
STANLEY EXTRAS
Stove Buyers Guide
Plumbing and Troubleshooting
After Sales Service Stanley
After Sales service Rangemaster
Stanley Spare Parts
Stanley Stove User Guides
Stanley How to Videos
Technical Manuals
Flueing Stanley Stoves and Cookers
Stove and Cooker FAQs
Product Certification and Energy Labelling
NEWS & MEDIA
In the News
Stanley Image Gallery
Stanley TV
Ask the Heat Doctor
Stanley Stories
CONTACT US
Contact Us
Newsletter Signup
Brochure Request
Warranty Registration
Useful Contact Numbers