http://www.ttelectronics.com/legal/modern-slavery-statement/
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Whistleblower Policy and Hotline
Group Tax Strategy
Logo and Brand Policy
Home
Legal
Modern Slavery Statement
Modern Slavery Statement
Modern Slavery StatementModern Slavery Policy
Contact our Legal Team
Email us
TT Electronics plc Modern Slavery Statement
TT Electronics is committed to acting ethically and with integrity in all of its business dealings.  As part of this commitment, TT has adopted a zero-tolerance approach to Modern Slavery - whether in the form of servitude; forced, bonded, or indentured labour; slavery; human trafficking or any other activity that amounts to an unreasonable restriction on the free movement of workers.
Our business model is based on providing our customers with engineered products, services and expertise for performance critical applications.  In meeting our customers’ requirements, we operate procurement programmes through global supply chains, involving a wide network of suppliers and distributors.  It is recognised that within this structure (as with all other participants operating in our business sector) the potential exists for the human rights of individual workers to be violated.
This statement is provided in compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (“the 2015 Act”) and sets out the Group’s, and any qualifying subsidiaries’[i], approach to ensuring that Modern Slavery does not take place anywhere within our own business or in any of our supply chains.  The following steps have been, or are in the process of being, taken in this regard:-
The Board of TT Electronics first adopted a policy on Modern Slavery in December 2016 (the “Policy”), setting out the standards we expect from all our employees, contractors, suppliers, distributors and other business partners.  The Policy was first reviewed in 2017 and has been reassessed each year since then as part of our ongoing compliance procedures.  In preparing this Statement, we have concluded that the Policy remains fit for purpose, with no further updates being required.  A copy of the Policy is located on our website.  In order to reinforce the key requirements of the 2015 Act, the Policy document is circulated each year to all of our employees (using local language translations, as appropriate).
This is the first full year in which our obligations under the 2015 Act, and the standards of behaviour we expect under the Policy, have been specifically referenced in our Code of Business Ethics (“the Code”). The Code is available to all employees in their local language and is also provided on the TT Electronics website.  Both the Code and our Policy make specific reference to the TT Electronics’ whistle-blower hotline, which is available to report alleged breaches of the Policy on an anonymous basis.  Staff operating in key roles (including sales, marketing and finance) are required to confirm on an annual basis that they understand and will comply with the requirements of the Code.
TT Electronics is a member of the Responsible Business Alliance, pursuant to which we continue to make a formal commitment to uphold the human rights of workers (at all points in the supply chain) and to treat them with dignity and respect as understood by the international community. This includes concepts covered by the remit of the 2015 Act such as “freely chosen employment” and treatment of young workers.
We have conducted a further assessment of our employment practices and processes, which has re-confirmed that our activities are in line with the requirements of our Policy.  We will continue to monitor compliance through the next financial year and implement modifications to our activities as required.
TT Electronics carefully manages its supplier base to ensure compliance with the Group’s core values.  During 2017, we first implemented a digital supplier risk rating tool, as part of our due diligence processes to verify compliance across a range of “corporate responsibility” items, which specifically includes the 2015 Act.  We have continued with this initiative each year since implementation and we now monitor 608 suppliers, responsible for over 80 per cent of direct material spend.   We will ensure that this programme is expanded to cover new suppliers introduced to the Group as part of future acquisition activity.  As stated previously, we have included specific prohibitions in our contractual arrangements against the use of forced, compulsory or trafficked labour, and we expect our suppliers to hold their own suppliers to the same high standards.   The topic of Modern Slavery is also specifically addressed in TT Electronics’ Supply Chain Council meetings, which is a forum that meets on a monthly basis and comprises the most senior group of executives with responsibility for global purchasing and supply chain activities across the Group.
TT Electronics intends to expand its on-line training programmes to include specific training modules on Modern Slavery.
TT Electronics will continue to review its policies and processes, for the benefit of all of our stakeholders, in order to raise standards with regards to operating in an ethical and sustainable manner across our supply chains.  Further details on the progress made in respect of the priorities outlined above will be made in the 2019 Annual Report and published online simultaneously.
Approved by the Board of TT Electronics plc on 2 December 2019 and signed on its behalf by:
[i] TT Electronics Integrated Manufacturing Services Limited, TT Electronics IoT Solutions Limited, Welwyn Components Limited
Richard Tyson
Chief Executive Officer
Modern Slavery Statement
Modern Slavery Policy
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookie policy for more details.
Ok