http://www.band-it-idex.com/terms-conditions
Cookie Law Consent Text
BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. Cookie Notice
BAND-IT IDEX, Inc. uses cookies to collect information about the use of our web sites. We use different cookies to operate our website, analyze the use of the website, improve the performance of our website and display suitable advertisement that might be relevant to you.
Some of these cookies are provided by third parties. You can accept all cookies or reject all but the necessary cookies.
Further information can be found in our cookie notice
Terms & Conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Americas
Europe, Middle East, Africa
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE APPLY WHENEVER PRODUCTS ARE SOLD TO A CUSTOMER IN THE AMERICAS.
QUOTES:
BAND-IT may provide quotes in writing or by phone, e-mail or fax. If a quote given by phone is confirmed by BAND-IT in writing or by e-mail or fax, the price in BAND-IT’s written confirmation, e-mail or fax shall be deemed to be the quoted price.
Unless and except to the extent expressly stated otherwise by BAND-IT in writing, quotes are non-binding and may be withdrawn or revised by BAND-IT at any time prior to acceptance of an Order by BAND-IT.
ORDERS:
Minimum Order amount: US $500.00 net.
Orders may be submitted in writing. BAND-IT may, in its sole discretion, also allow Orders to be submitted by phone, e-mail or fax.
All Orders are subject to acceptance by BAND-IT. BAND-IT may confirm acceptance of an Order in writing or by phone, e-mail or fax. Entry of an Order or shipment of the products ordered shall also constitute acceptance of an Order.
Unless and except to the extent expressly stated otherwise by BAND-IT in writing, these Terms and Conditions shall apply to all Orders. No additional or different terms and conditions that may be set forth in or referenced on Customer’s Order form shall apply to any Order or be binding on BAND-IT.
No Order accepted by BAND-IT may be cancelled by Customer without BAND-IT’s consent. Order cancellation charges may be imposed on Customer by BAND-IT in connection with the cancellation of an Order.
All Orders and terms of payment are subject to BAND-IT credit approval.
PRICE:
Price shall be the price quoted by BAND-IT or, if no price is quoted, the price listed in BAND-IT’s published price list in effect at the time of Order entry, plus, in each case, any applicable surcharges. All prices are in US Dollars.
BAND-IT may increase prices or impose surcharges to pass through increases in BAND-IT’s costs and otherwise after a price is quoted. In addition, prices may be increased and surcharges may be imposed if Customer requests changes in shipping dates, quantities or specifications or otherwise modifies an Order.
All prices are net prices to BAND-IT and are exclusive of sales taxes, duties, customs broker fees, and other similar taxes and charges. All such taxes and charges shall be the sole responsibility of Customer and, to the extent paid by BAND-IT, may be invoiced to Customer by BAND-IT.
All prices are FCA (Incoterms 2011) origin (BAND-IT’s Denver, Colorado, facility).
FREIGHT TERMS:
All products will be shipped from BAND-IT’s Denver, Colorado, facility.
Title to product passes to Customer and all risk of loss and damage to product shall pass to Customer immediately upon shipment, and Customer shall look solely to the carrier for any loss or damage during shipment.
Orders with a net value under US$750.00 will be shipped by the most direct and economical method in one of three ways: freight collect, freight prepaid and added, or by third party billing.
Orders with a net value of US$750.00 or greater with a destination within the 48 contiguous States of the United States will be shipped freight prepaid by the most economical method. For other destinations inside or outside the United States, freight terms will be specified by BAND-IT after receipt of the Order.
For Customer requested multiple shipments against the same Order, each shipment will be treated as a separate Order for freight terms.
Customer requested expedited or premium shipment (e.g. air) will be shipped freight collect, prepaid and added, or by third party billing regardless of Order net value.
PAYMENT TERMS:
Net 30 days from date of invoice. Payment date is the date funds are received and acknowledged by BAND-IT.
Amounts not paid within terms are subject to a 1.5% per month service charge or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, whichever is less.
Visa and MasterCard are accepted for payment.
BAND-IT retains and is granted a first lien and security interest in all products and proceeds to secure payment of the price and other amounts payable to it in connection with an Order. In the event Customer fails to pay any amount within terms, BAND-IT may exercise any and all rights granted to a secured creditor under the Uniform Commercial Code and other applicable law. Customer authorizes BAND-IT to file and sign in its name all such UCC statements and other documents that BAND-IT deems necessary or appropriate to evidence and enforce its first lien and security interest in products and proceeds.
BAND-IT and its affiliated companies shall have the right to set off and deduct amounts due to BAND-IT and its affiliated companies from Customer and its affiliated companies against amounts due to Customer and its affiliated companies in connection with returns or otherwise.
All payments must be made in US Dollars.
Other payment terms may apply at BAND-IT’s discretion.
PERFORMANCE SPECIFICATIONS:
Performance specifications for BAND-IT products in promotional and technical literature and materials are determined under controlled laboratory conditions and according to specific test requirements. The results of these tests are not intended to define the performance of any BAND-IT product under actual conditions or specific applications. BAND-IT does not warrant the suitability of any BAND-IT product for any specific application, and Customer will have sole responsibility for determining the suitability of BAND-IT products for its application.
WARRANTY:
Except as stated above under Performance Specifications and below under Warranty Exceptions and Exclusions:
BAND-IT warrants that BAND-IT products will conform to BAND-IT’s published specifications at time of shipment for a period of 12 months from the date of invoice.
THE ABOVE WARRANTY IS THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE WARRANTY MADE BY BAND-IT. NO OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, ORAL OR WRITTEN, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY, WORKMANSHIP, MATERIALS, DESIGN, PERFORMANCE OR SUITABILITY OF ANY BAND-IT PRODUCT.
If a warranty claim is approved by BAND-IT, BAND-IT will either replace or repair the non-conforming BAND-IT product free of charge or, at BAND-IT’s sole discretion, refund or credit to Customer the purchase price it paid for such non-conforming BAND-IT product. Such replacement, repair, refund or credit will be BAND-IT’s sole liability and obligation and Customer’s sole remedy with respect to any nonconforming or defective BAND-IT product. All BAND-IT products that are replaced shall be the property of BAND-IT. Customer shall be responsible for all freight charges in connection with any replacement or repair.
Warranty Exceptions and Exclusions: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary:
BAND-IT products that are quoted as being sold “Without Warranty” are not warranted.
BAND-IT products that are quoted with a warranty less than 12 months from the date of invoice are warranted only for the period specified in the quote.
Tool components that are subject to normal wear and tear (e.g. knives, blades, grippers, etc.) are not warranted.
Tool repairs and tools sold as "Used" or "Reconditioned" are warranted only for 90 days from date of invoice.
A warranty claim must be asserted during the applicable warranty period, and BAND-IT shall have no liability or obligation of any kind with respect to a BAND-IT product if a warranty claim is asserted after the expiration of the applicable warranty period for such BAND-IT product.
A warranty claim must be asserted within 7 days after Customer discovers or should have discovered that a BAND-IT product does not conform to BAND-IT’s published specifications at time of shipment, and BAND-IT shall have no liability or obligation of any kind with respect to a BAND-IT product if a warranty claim is asserted more than 7 days after Customer discovers or should have discovered that such BAND-IT product did not conform to BAND-IT’s published specifications at time of shipment, notwithstanding that the warranty claim may be asserted during the applicable warranty period for such BAND-IT product.
BAND-IT shall have no liability or obligation of any kind with respect to a BAND-IT product if BAND-IT is not given the opportunity, after receiving a warranty claim with respect to such BAND-IT product, to examine such BAND-IT product at its Denver, Colorado, facility.
BAND-IT shall have no liability or obligation of any kind with respect to a BAND-IT product if Customer makes any further use of such BAND-IT product after asserting a warranty claim with respect to such BAND-IT product.
BAND-IT shall have no liability or obligation of any kind with respect to a BAND-IT product if the nonconformity to BAND- IT’s published specifications at time of shipment is directly or indirectly attributable to normal wear, neglect, misuse, modification, improper installation, improper repair, failure to follow BAND-IT’s oral or written instructions, damage during or after shipment, or any non-BAND-IT product, component or tool with which such BAND-IT product is used.
BAND-IT makes no warranty with respect to products of other manufacturers that BAND-IT may sell. Any warranty with respect to products of other manufacturers shall be limited to a pass through of the other manufacturer’s warranties to the extent permitted by the manufacturer.
LIABILITY LIMITATIONS:
Returns: Make return requests to BAND-IT customer service with type of product, quantity, price paid, invoice number and date of purchase. Credits may not be deducted unless and until credit memo has been issued.
Intellectual Property: All patents and other intellectual property rights in relation to BAND-IT products remain the sole and exclusive property of BAND-IT.
Force Majeure: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, BAND-IT shall not be liable for any delay in performance or inability to perform that is directly or indirectly attributable to or caused by any circumstance or event beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, war; riot; civil disturbance; act of terrorism; accident; sabotage; theft; malicious damage; confiscation; nationalization; embargo; compliance with law, rule, regulation or governmental or regulatory order or directive; act of government or authority; interruption, shortage or restriction in transportation, power, utilities, materials, parts or components; damage or destruction of facilities or equipment; natural disaster; fire; explosion; flood; storm; strike; lockout; labor dispute; labor shortage; epidemic or other widespread illness, or breach or default of suppliers or subcontractors.
EXPORT CONTROLS:
Products and related technical information, data, documents and materials are subject to export controls under U.S. Export Administration Regulations and Department of the Treasury embargo regulations. Customer shall strictly comply with all such export controls and shall fully cooperate with BAND-IT in any official or unofficial investigation, audit or inspection that relates to any of such controls, and shall not export, re-export, divert or transfer, directly or indirectly, any products or related technical information, data, documents and materials to any party or destination or for any use that is subject to an embargo or otherwise prohibited pursuant to such controls, unless Customer has obtained all required U.S. governmental and regulatory approvals, authorizations and licenses.
GOVERNING LAW:
Quotes, orders, acceptances and these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware, and the rights, liabilities and obligations of BAND-IT and Customer shall be determined under the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
Modification: BAND-IT shall have the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time in its sole discretion. No course of dealing between BAND-IT and Customer shall operate to modify or waive any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Other Terms and Conditions: Other terms and conditions may apply only if and to the extent specifically set forth and agreed to in writing by BAND-IT.
In no event shall BAND-IT or any of its affiliated companies have any liability in connection with any Order or product for special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, including, but not limited to, any loss of sales, profits, income or business, loss of contracts, loss of goodwill, damage to reputation, loss of property, or loss of information or data, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages.
In no event shall BAND-IT and its affiliated companies have any liability in connection with any Order or product in an aggregate amount in excess of the lesser of (i) in the case of any individual Order, the total price payable to BAND-IT by Customer under the Order, or (ii) in the case of any individual product, 125% of the price that Customer paid BAND-IT for such product.
Warranty Claim: If requested by BAND-IT, product that is the subject of a warranty claim must be returned to BAND-IT. Prior to return, a Return Goods Authorization (RGA) number or Tool Repair (TR) number must be obtained from BAND-IT customer service. An invoice number and date of purchase are required. Returned product must be clearly marked with the RGA or TR number on the outside of the packaging and on the packing list and returned freight prepaid. If the warranty claim is approved, replacement, repair, refund or credit for the non- conforming BAND-IT product is typically made within 30 days after receipt of the product by BAND-IT.
Non-Warranty Tool Repair: Prior to return for repair, a Tool Repair (TR) number must be obtained from BAND-IT customer service. Returned tool must be clearly marked with the TR number on the outside of the packaging and on the packing list and returned freight prepaid. After repair, tool will be returned freight collect and a repair invoice will be issued.
Wrong Product/Excess Quantity Shipped: If the wrong product or excess quantity is shipped, the wrong product or excess quantity may be returned to BAND-IT for credit within 30 days of shipment. If more than 30 days has elapsed since shipment, the return will be treated as an Other Return as provided below. Prior to return, a Return Goods Authorization (RGA) number must be obtained from BAND-IT customer service. An invoice number and date of purchase are required. Returned product must be clearly marked with the RGA number on the outside of the packaging and on the packing list and returned freight collect. If the claim is approved, credit for the returned product is typically made within 30 days after receipt of the product by BAND-IT.
Other Returns: Except as provided above under Wrong Product/Excess Quantity Shipped, returns for credit are at the sole discretion of BAND-IT, and BAND-IT reserves the right to refuse to accept the return of any product. Prior to return for credit, a Return Goods Authorization (RGA) number must be obtained from BAND-IT Customer Service. An invoice number and date of purchase are required. Returned product must be unused, undamaged and complete, in its unopened original box or packaging, immediately resaleable, clearly marked with the RGA number on the outside of the return packaging and on the return packing list, and returned freight prepaid. An offsetting Order of equal or greater value may be required as a condition to approval of a return. Return acceptance and credit are subject to inspection of returned product by BAND-IT. If BAND-IT approves the return it will be subject to a minimum restocking charge of 15% of the original invoiced value of the product.
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE APPLY WHENEVER PRODUCTS ARE SOLD TO A CUSTOMER IN EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AFRICA.
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
In these Conditions: “Band-It” means Band-It Company Ltd, a company registered in England whose registered office is at 100 New Bridge Street, London EC4V 6JA, England; “Buyer” means the person(s), firm or company which receives a quotation or places an order for the purchase of the Goods with Band-It; “Conditions” means the standard terms and conditions of sale set out in this document and any special terms and conditions agreed in writing between the Buyer and Band-It; “Contract” means a contract between Band-It and the Buyer for the purchase and sale of Goods comprising the Buyer’s order, Band-It’s written form of acceptance and these Conditions. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the Buyer’s order or Band-It’s written form of acceptance, these Conditions shall prevail to the extent of the inconsistency; and “Goods” means goods supplied or agreed to be supplied by Band-It to the Buyer under any Contract.
In these Conditions:
headings are included for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of these Conditions;
any reference to statutes or statutory provisions (“legislation”), whether express or implied, shall be construed as referring to such legislation as amended or re enacted or as its application is modified from time to time by other provisions (whether before or after the date hereof) and shall include orders, regulations, instruments or other subordinate legislation under the relevant statute or statutory provision;
any reference to "writing" shall include any method of reproducing words in a legible and non-transitory form and includes any form of notation or code, whether by hand or otherwise and regardless of the method by which, or medium in or on which, it is recorded.
QUOTES
Band-It may provide quotes in writing or by phone, email or fax. If a quote given by phone is confirmed by BAND-IT in writing or by email or fax, the price in BAND-IT’s written confirmation, email or fax shall be deemed to be the quoted price.
Unless and except to the extent expressly stated otherwise by BAND-IT in writing, quotes are non-binding and may be withdrawn or revised by BAND-IT at any time prior of an order by BAND-IT
FORMATION OF CONTRACT AND BASIS OF SALE
Band-It shall sell and the Buyer shall purchase Goods in accordance with these Conditions which the Buyer, in entering into a Contract, shall be deemed to have accepted and which shall govern a Contract to the exclusion of any other terms and conditions.
A quotation by Band-It does not constitute an offer and Band-It reserves the right to withdraw or revise any quotation at any time prior to the acceptance of the Buyer’s order.
An order for Goods from the Buyer to Band-It shall be deemed to be an offer by the Buyer to purchase Goods subject to these Conditions.
A Contract shall be formed when acceptance of the Buyer’s order is confirmed in writing by Band-It or when Goods are despatched, whichever is earlier.
No order which has been accepted by Band-It may be cancelled or varied by the Buyer except with the agreement in writing of Band-It and on terms that the Buyer shall indemnify Band-It against any and all costs, claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, charges and expenses (including, without limitation, legal costs and expenses), suffered or incurred by Band-It in connection with that cancellation or variation.
In relation to any Contract, these Conditions, any order and Band-It’s written form of acceptance contain all the terms agreed between the Parties regarding its subject matter and supersede any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement between the parties, whether oral or in writing relating to its subject matter.
No representation, undertaking or promise shall be taken to have been given or implied from anything said or written in negotiations between the parties prior to the date of any Contract except as expressly stated in a Contract. Neither party shall have any remedy against the other in respect of any untrue statement made by it upon which that party relied in entering into a Contract (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently or was as to a fundamental matter including a matter fundamental to the other party’s ability to perform its obligations under a Contract) and that party’s only remedies shall be for breach of contract as provided for in these Conditions. Misrepresentations as to fundamental matters shall be subject to the terms of Condition 9.
QUANTITY AND DESCRIPTION
The quantity and description of the Goods shall be as set out in Band-It’s quotation.
Band-It reserves the right to make any changes in the specification of Goods, without prior notification or public announcement, which are required to conform with any applicable safety or other statutory or regulatory requirements and/or which do not materially affect the quality or performance of such Goods.
PRICE
The price of Goods shall be the price quoted by Band-It to the Buyer or, where no price has been quoted, the price listed in Band-It’s published price list current at any time before delivery or as otherwise agreed between the parties in writing.
Band-It reserves the right, by giving notice to the Buyer at any time before delivery, to increase the price of Goods to reflect any increase in the cost to Band-It which is due to any factor beyond the control of Band-It including, without limitation, increases in the cost of labour, materials or other costs of manufacture (including those occasioned by changes to legislation affecting the manufacture of Goods), and/or any variation of the Contract including any change of delivery dates, quantities or specifications of Goods effected at the request of the Buyer and/or any delay caused by any instructions, act or omission of the Buyer including any failure of the Buyer to give Band-It adequate information or instructions.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all prices are calculated on the basis that Band-It will deliver Goods on an ex works basis (as set out in Incoterms 2000) Band-It’s premises and if Band-It agrees to deliver Goods to the Buyer, the Buyer shall be liable to pay Band-It’s costs for packaging, carriage, insurance and handling in accordance with Condition 5.1.
All prices quoted by Band-It are, unless stated otherwise, exclusive of Value Added Tax and all other applicable taxes and duties, which shall (if and to the extent applicable) be payable by the Buyer.
PAYMENT
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Band-It shall be entitled to invoice the Buyer for the price of Goods together with any transport, packaging, insurance, VAT and other charges payable on or at any time after delivery is effected in accordance with Condition 6.1.
The Buyer shall make payment of any amount invoiced by Band-It in full within 30 (thirty) days of the date of the invoice (unless agreed otherwise in writing) and the time of payment of the invoiced amount shall be of the essence of a Contract.
All sums due under a Contract shall be payable in full by the Buyer without deduction, withholding, set-off or counterclaim for any reason whatsoever, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise, save as may be required by law.
If, in the opinion of Band-It, the creditworthiness of the Buyer shall have deteriorated prior to delivery of the Goods, Band-It may require full or partial payment of the price and/or other charges referred to in Condition 5.1 prior to delivery or the provision of security for payment by the Buyer in a form acceptable to Band-It.
If the Buyer fails, on the due date, to pay any sum due to Band-It under any Contract or to make any such arrangement as Band-It may require pursuant to Condition 5.4 then, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to Band-It, Band-It shall (at its option) be entitled to:
treat the Contract as repudiated by the Buyer, to withhold any further deliveries to the Buyer under it or under any other Contract between them and to claim damages from the Buyer; and/or
affirm the Contract and to claim damages from the Buyer; and/or
appropriate any payment made by the Buyer to such of the Goods supplied under that Contract and any other Contract as Band-It may think fit (notwithstanding any purported appropriation by the Buyer); and/or
suspend performance of the Contract until payment is made in full or terminate the Contract immediately by written notice; and/or
charge the Buyer interest (both before and after any judgment) on the amount unpaid at the rate of 5% (five) per cent above Barclays Bank Plc’s prevailing lending rate from time to time, accruing on a daily basis until payment in full is made.
Where Goods are supplied for export from the United Kingdom, unless otherwise agreed in writing by both parties, payment of all amounts due to Band-It shall be secured by an irrevocable letter of credit satisfactory to Band-It opened by the Buyer in favour of Band-It immediately upon receipt of Band-It’s acceptance of order and confirmed by a bank in the United Kingdom acceptable to Band-It. The letter of credit shall be for the total of all amounts due under the relevant Contract and shall be valid for at least 6 (six) months or such longer period as shall have been estimated by Band-It for delivery.
DELIVERY
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, delivery terms are FCA-Our Dock.  Goods shall be collected by the Buyer or its carrier from Band-It’s premises and delivery shall be effected by Band-It making Goods available for collection from such premises and notifying the Buyer that (and the date upon which) they are available for collection. Any dates quoted by Band-It for delivery are approximate only and Band-It shall not be liable for any delay in delivery of Goods and time shall not be of the essence in relation to those dates.  At the request of the buyer, Band-It may provide quotation for carriage under FCA-Sellers Premises, at the buyers cost, risk of loss of, or damage to the goods from the time they are delivered to the first carrier
Under agreed freight terms CPT (buyers premises), the buyer bears all the risks of loss of, or damage to the goods from the time they are delivered to the first carrier
If Band-It is satisfied that Goods have been short delivered, Band-It shall at its option:
make up any short delivery by despatching to the Buyer such Goods as Band-It is satisfied were not delivered; or
allow the Buyer credit in respect thereof; and Band-It’s liability in such circumstances shall be limited to making up the delivery or allowing credit as set out above.
Where Goods are to be delivered in instalments, delivery by Band-It of any one (1) or more of the instalments other than in accordance with these Conditions shall not entitle the Buyer to treat the Contract as a whole as repudiated.
If for any reason the Buyer fails to take delivery of the Goods at the time stated for delivery (otherwise than by reason of Band-It’s fault) or fails to give Band-It adequate delivery instructions, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to Band-It:
risk in the Goods will pass to the Buyer (including for loss or damage caused by Band-It’s negligence);
the Goods will be deemed to have been delivered in accordance with Condition 6.1; or
Band-It may store the Goods until actual delivery and charge the Buyer for the reasonable related costs including, without limitation, storage, handling and insurance; or
Band-It may sell the Goods at the best price readily obtainable or otherwise dispose of the Goods or part of them and (after deducting all reasonable associated costs including, without limitation, costs of storage) shall either (as applicable) account to the Buyer for the excess over the total amount payable by the Buyer under the Contract or charge the Buyer for any shortfall between the proceeds of such re-sale or disposal and the total amount payable by the Buyer under the Contract.
If the Buyer wishes to make a claim for non-delivery, damage or breakage of or to Goods, they should make contact with the carrier directly.  Note: Under our agreed terms, the buyer has the insurable interest and Band-It are not able to compensate or replace.
RISK AND TITLE
The risk of loss and damage to the Goods shall pass to the Buyer immediately upon delivery to the carrier in accordance with Condition 6.1. Terms are FCA-Our Dock.
Notwithstanding delivery and the passing of risk in any Goods, beneficial and legal ownership in them shall remain with Band-It until Band-It has received in full (in cash or cleared funds) all sums due to it in respect of the Goods and all other sums which are or become due under any Contract.
Until such payment, the Buyer shall:
hold the Goods on a fiduciary basis as Band-It’s bailee;
store the Goods (at no cost to Band-It) separately from all other goods of the Buyer or any third party in such a way that they remain readily identifiable as Band-It’s property;
keep the Goods insured at its own expense in accordance with Condition 9;
not destroy, deface or obscure any identifying mark or packaging on or relating to the Goods.
Band-It reserves the immediate right of repossession of any Goods which have not been paid for to which Band-It has retained title as aforesaid exercisable at any time after delivery or collection of Goods and the Buyer hereby grants an irrevocable right and licence to Band-It's employees, agents and contractors to enter upon all or any premises where Goods are stored without prior notice for this purpose.
WARRANTIES
Band-It warrants that Goods will correspond in all material respects with Band-It's specification for a period of 12 (twelve) months from the date of delivery (the “Warranty”).
Band-It shall be under no liability under the Warranty:
if the Buyer fails to notify Band-It of any claim under the Warranty within 7 (seven) days after the date when the Buyer discovered or ought to have discovered the alleged defect;
unless Band-It is given a reasonable opportunity, after receiving notice of any claim in respect of the Goods which is based on an alleged breach of the Warranty, of examining the Goods and the Buyer shall return such Goods to Band-It’s place of business at the Buyer’s cost for the examination to take place there;
if the Buyer makes any further use of such Goods after giving notice to Band-It of any claim in respect of the Goods which is based on an alleged breach of the Warranty;
if the defect arises from or is attributable to any drawing, design or specification supplied by the Buyer or to materials or other property supplied by the Buyer or from any parts or items that have not been completely manufactured by Band-It;
if the defect arises from fair wear and tear, neglect, failure to follow Band-It’s oral or written instructions or recommendations, misuse or improper alteration or repair of the Goods;
if the defect arises out of the use of the Goods in conjunction with equipment or materials not reasonably contemplated by Band-It; or
if the total price for the Goods has not been paid by the due date for payment.
Where any valid claim in respect of Goods which is based on a breach of the Warranty is notified to Band-It within the Warranty period set out in Condition 8.1, Band-It shall at its option replace Goods (or any part(s) in question) free of charge or, at Band-It's sole discretion, refund to the Buyer the price of affected Goods (or a proportionate part of the price) provided that, if Band-It so requests, the Buyer shall, at the Buyer’s expense, return the Goods or the part of such Goods which are defective to Band-It. Such replacement or refund shall be Band-It’s sole liability and the Buyer’s sole remedy under the Warranty.
Any Goods replaced will belong to Band-It and any repaired or replaced Goods will have the benefit of the Warranty for the unexpired portion of the 6 (six) month period specified in Condition 8.1.
LIABILITY
Without prejudice to Condition 9.3, Band-It shall not be liable to Buyer under or in connection with any Contract for any loss of income, loss of actual or anticipated profits, loss of business, loss of contracts, loss of goodwill or reputation, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings, loss of, damage to or corruption of data, or indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind, in each case howsoever arising, whether such loss or damage was foreseeable or in the contemplation of the parties and whether arising in or caused by breach of contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise.
Without prejudice to Condition 9.3, Seller’s maximum aggregate liability to Buyer under or in connection with any Contract, whether arising in or caused by breach of contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise, shall in no circumstances exceed 125% (one hundred and twenty five percent) of the price payable by the Buyer under that Contract.
Nothing in these Conditions shall exclude or in any way limit Band-It’s liability to the Buyer for (i) fraud, (ii) death or personal injury caused by its negligence (including negligence as defined in s. 1 Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977), (iii) breach of terms regarding title implied by s. 12 Sale of Goods Act 1979 and/or s. 2 Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982, or (iv) any liability to the extent the same may not be excluded or limited as a matter of law.
These Conditions set forth the full extent of the parties' obligations and liabilities arising out of or in connection with a Contract, and there are no conditions, warranties, representations or terms, express or implied that are binding on the parties except as specifically stated or contemplated in these Conditions; any condition, warranty, representation or other term which might otherwise be implied into or incorporated in a Contract, whether by statute, common law or otherwise, is hereby expressly excluded.
INSURANCE
The Buyer shall effect and maintain such insurance as the Buyer considers necessary in respect of its obligations and liabilities hereunder, including without limitation policies of public liability/product liability/professional indemnity insurance. Such policy or policies shall be with insurers, shall have face amounts and other terms reasonably acceptable to Band-It, and shall name Band-It as an additional insured. The Buyer shall provide written evidence of such coverages to Band-It upon Band-It’s request.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All intellectual property rights in and in relation to the Goods shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Band-It.
If any claim is made against the Buyer that the Goods infringe, or that their use or resale infringes, the rights of any third party, Band-It may (at its option) either secure the Buyer’s right to continue to use the Goods or replace or modify the Goods to make them non-infringing, or, if neither of these alternatives is reasonably available to Band-It, refund the price paid for the Goods but shall have no further liability to the Buyer.
The Buyer shall indemnify and keep indemnified, and shall hold harmless Band-It fully on demand against any and all actions, claims, losses (including, without limitation, loss of profit, revenue or goodwill), damages, costs, charges and expenses (including, without limitation, legal costs and expenses) incurred by, or awarded against, Band-It in connection with, or paid or agreed to be paid by Band-It in settlement of, any claim for alleged infringement of any rights of any third party as a result of the carrying out by Band-It, its employees, sub contractors or agents of any work required to be done to Goods in accordance with the requirements or specifications of the Buyer.
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
No person other than a party to a Contract shall be entitled to enforce any term of it, save that where an agreement is entered into pursuant to which any rights and/or obligations contained in a Contract are assigned or novated to a third party, nothing in this Condition 12.1 shall, of itself, operate to prevent the assignee or novatee from taking the benefit of, and enforcing, any rights and/or obligations so assigned or novated.
FORCE MAJEURE
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, Band-It shall not be liable to the Buyer for any loss or damage which may be suffered by the Buyer as a direct or indirect result of the supply of Goods by Band-It being prevented, hindered, delayed or rendered uneconomic by reason of circumstances or events beyond Band-It’s reasonable control including, but not limited to, war, riot, civil commotion, acts of terrorism, sabotage, theft, malicious damage, confiscation, nationalisation, embargo, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule or regulation, the act of any government or authority (including refusal or revocation of any licence or consent), lack of usual means of transportation or communication, shortage or restriction of power supply, accident to or destruction or failure of machinery, premises or other installation, natural disasters, accidental fire, explosion, flood, storm, acts of God, strikes, lock-outs, labour disputes, shortage of labour, materials or utilities, or defaults of suppliers or sub-contractors. If due to such circumstances or events Band-It has insufficient stocks to meet all its commitments Band-It may apportion available stocks between its customers at its sole discretion.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Each party agrees and undertakes that it will keep confidential, will not use for its own purposes and will not without the prior written consent of the other party disclose to any third party, any information of a confidential nature (including trade secrets and information relating to its business, clients, customers, business plans, affairs or activities which information is confidential and proprietary to that party) which may become known to it unless such information is public knowledge (other than by breach of this Condition 14) or is required to be disclosed by a court of competent jurisdiction.
INSOLVENCY OF BUYER
Without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to Band-It, Band-It shall be entitled to treat any Contract as repudiated and/or withhold any further deliveries of Goods without any liability to the Buyer and, if any Goods have been delivered but not paid for, the total amount payable therefor shall become immediately due and payable notwithstanding any previous agreement or arrangement to the contrary, if:
the Buyer is, or is deemed to be, insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due;
the Buyer makes any voluntary arrangement with its creditors or becomes subject to an administration order or (being an individual or firm) becomes bankrupt or (being a company) goes into liquidation (otherwise than for the purposes of amalgamation or reconstruction) or passes a resolution for its voluntary winding up or has a petition for its compulsory winding up presented against it;
an encumbrancer takes possession, or a receiver or administrative receiver is appointed, of any of the property or assets of the Buyer; or
the Buyer ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business; or
any equivalent or analogous event or proceeding occurs in any other applicable jurisdiction; or
Band-It reasonably believes that any of the events mentioned above is about to occur in relation to the Buyer or any other matter which in the opinion of Band-It may prejudice its rights against the Buyer.
GENERAL
The failure of Band-It to enforce or to exercise at any time or for any period of time any term of or any right pursuant to these Conditions does not constitute, and shall not be construed as, a waiver of such term or right and shall in no way affect Band-It’s right later to enforce or to exercise it.
No alteration to any Contract shall take effect unless and until the same is in writing and signed on behalf of each of the parties by a duly authorised representative.
If any provision or part of a provision of a Contract is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such provision or part of a provision shall, insofar as it is severable from the remaining terms, be deemed omitted from the Contract and shall in no way affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining conditions.
The Buyer may not assign or sub-license any Contract or any of its rights or obligations under a Contract without the prior written consent of Band-It.
Except as expressly stated in these Conditions to the contrary, all notices and other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to any Contract shall be in writing and shall be delivered or transmitted to the recipient's address or such other address as notified from time to time. Any notice shall be treated as having been served on delivery if delivered by hand, 4 (four) working days after posting if sent by pre-paid registered mail, 2 (two) working days after despatch if sent by courier and on confirmation of transmission if sent by facsimile.
The construction, validity and performance of all Contracts and these Conditions shall be governed by English law and the parties hereby submit irrevocably to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to resolve any dispute between them provided that Band-It shall have the right, as claimant, to initiate proceedings against the Buyer in any other court of competent jurisdiction.