http://www.gemtek.com/privacy-policy/
×
About Us
Overview
Distribution
Green Standards
Biobased Industry
Government Mandates
Brands
SafeCare
AllerSafe
SafeLube
ARTICLES
Applications
Government
transportation
Industrial
Oil & Gas
Food Process & Agricultural
Products At Work
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.gemtek.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Online forms
Should you complete and submit a form on this site. We will collect all entered data and store it on our secure server.
We may ask for your name, telephone number, home address, email address and age. When a purchase is made on our site, in addition to the above, we also ask for delivery address and payment method details. We may obtain information about you to help us develop and improve our services further through online surveys and other requests.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use google analytics to collect analytic data about users of our website. No Analytics data is collected by our servers. Please review Google’s Privacy Statement for more information on how they use your data. https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Security Logs
The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 14 days.
Who we share your data with
We may contract with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing, shipping, name and address verification, email distribution, market research and promotions management. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than us. However, we will not pass your information on to any other third parties for marketing purposes unless you have agreed for us to do so.
We may also disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
This site is scanned for potential malware and vulnerabilities by Sucuri’s SiteCheck. We do not send personal information to Sucuri; however, Sucuri could find personal information posted publicly (such as in comments) during their scan. For more details, please see Sucuri’s privacy policy.
How we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Security logs are retained for 14 days.
What rights you have over your data
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. See Analytics information above on collection of site usage.
This site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by ithemes.com. For privacy policy details, please see the iThemes Privacy Policy.
Additional information
How we protect your data
Our site is hosted on secure hosting services.
What third parties we receive data from
We receive site usage information from Google analytics. This data is secure and is managed under Google’s privacy policy. You can view this policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en