https://www.affiliated.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Please read the following Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions carefully regarding your use of Affiliated.com. Your use of this website signifies your acknowledgement and agreement to be legally bound by these terms and conditions. In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we may use the information about you that we may receive from this website, and the terms of use that govern your use of this website. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this website.
Personal and Non-Commercial Use
The content and services provided on Affiliated.com are for your personal use. You may not copy, modify, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any of the information, data or products obtained from the site.
Information Collected
In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. In addition, our web servers may collect information on the type of device or browser you are using, your IP address, your browsing behavior while on our website, and the URLs of the websites you were at before you visited our website. We use technology such as cookies to analyze website traffic patterns and gather demographic information about our visitors – see below for more information.
In addition, there are portions of this website where we may collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information about monitoring devices and services that you requested. The information collected from you may include your name, street address, telephone, fax number, demographic information (such as your birthday), e-mail address, billing information and other personally identifiable information.
This website is not intended for persons under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.
Use of Collected Information
In general, domain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site and maintain quality of service.
When other information is submitted by you through our website, such as your name, street address, telephone, fax number, demographic information (such as your birthday), e-mail address, billing information and other personally identifiable information, in response to requests regarding monitoring devices and services, we may share such personal information internally or with our affiliates who may contact you to offer such services.
We do not share, sell, lease or trade your personal information to any unrelated third parties for their commercial purposes. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud).
Consent to Call You
If you provide your telephone number to us through this website, you are providing your electronic signature authorizing Affiliated to contact you from time to time with information and offers about products and services that might interest you, including via (a) call or text to your residential or mobile phone, (b) use an automatic telephone dialing system, and (c) prerecorded calls. By clicking a submit button with your information, you are providing your electronic signature acknowledging that you are authorized to receive solicitations at the provided telephone number(s), including cellular numbers, emails and/or mailing address(es) in such form, even if such telephone number(s), including cellular numbers, emails and/or mailing address(es) are listed on any “do not call” or other do not solicit registry or list. You are not required to purchase any services or products if you are contacted by us or our affiliates.
Use of Cookies
When you visit the site, a cookie may be placed on your machine (if you accept cookies) or is read if you have visited the site previously. One use of cookies is to assist in the collection of the site visitation statistics described above and to enable us to provide you with tailored information when applicable. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites such as news sources, reviews and our affiliates. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.
Security of Collected Information
We maintain appropriate and reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to information about you to those who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. Workers who misuse personal information are subject to disciplinary action.
Access to Collected Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us using the contact information set forth below in the “Contact Us” section:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) entitles you to request that our company provide you with the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. That notice will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which such information was shared, if any, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a request using the contact information set forth below in the “Contact Us” section. Exercising your California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) rights will not result in discrimination. Disclosure and information will be delivered within 45 days of verified request, free of charge.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests. Also, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to the United States.
Disclaimers
THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND AFFILIATED.COM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. AFFILIATED.COM PROVIDES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THAT WEBSITE OR CONTENT THEREON WILL BE UP-TO-DATE, COMPLETE, COMPREHENSIVE, ACCURATE OR APPLICABLE TO YOUR CIRCUMSTANCES, OR (II) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR REQUIREMENTS. AFFILIATED.COM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET ANY OF THE REQUIREMENTS OR NEEDS OF YOU, OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE OR IN AN UNINTERRUPTED FASHION, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE WEBSITE WILL BE CORRECTED. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may have other legal rights that vary from state to state.
Any cause of action or claim you may have directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the terms of use or the website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will be governed by and interpreted in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to its choice of law provisions. Except as specified herein, any disputes directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the terms of use or the website will be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts located in Union County, New Jersey. You hereby irrevocably consent to such venue and to the exclusive jurisdiction of any such court over any such dispute. Any and all disputes directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the terms of use or the website will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. Any and all claims, judgments and awards will be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, and in no event shall you be entitled to recovery of attorneys’ fees. Under no circumstances will any claimant be permitted to obtain any award for, and you hereby waive all rights to claim, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses.
Storage of Information
You authorizes us to store or retain the information that you provide to us through this website and other written materials on electronic data or other storage media and, in the sole and absolute discretion of Affiliated.com, to destroy all written documents or materials which have been stored or retained on electronic data or other storage media.
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Please check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use periodically to inform yourself of any changes. We reserve the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Your continued use of this website constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by phone at 800-434-4000 or by mail using the details provided below:
Affiliated Monitoring, Inc.
Attention: Legal Department
2 Stahuber Avenue
Union, NJ 07083
Request a Quote Today
Or call us for more information at (800) 296-9000.
REQUEST A QUOTE