http://www.lyon.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home  |  About Us  |  Employment  |  Downloads  |  Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At Lyon Equipment Limited we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We want you to understand how we collect and use information about you. We will never sell, share or use your personal information other than as described here.
This policy applies to information we collect from those who contact us via any medium e.g. post, email or use of our online presence. Some personal data we collect may be subject to an additional data protection notification. This will be available to you at the time of the information request.
This Policy describes:1. Who we are2. What type of information we collect from you3. How we use this information4. How we share your personal data5. Retention of data6. Data security7. Your rights8. Complaints
If you are aged 16 or under, please ask your parent/guardian’s permission and ensure they read this Privacy Policy before you provide us with any personal information.
1. Who We Are
Lyon Equipment Limited are a provider of training courses and certification for working at height, a manufacturer of equipment for rescue and vertical environments and a leading distributor of professional and outdoor brands.
For the purposes of data protection law, the data ‘controller’ is Lyon Equipment Limited, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 3107118 and having its registered office address at Unit 3 – 7 Tebay Business Park, Old Tebay, Penrith, CA10 3SS (from now on referred to as Lyon Equipment, or as ‘we’ and related words such as ‘us’ and ‘our’). Our registered VAT number is GB180979520.This policy relates to Lyon Equipment Limited and all trading names and associated companies of Lyon Equipment Limited.
As a data controller we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal data. We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), which is the UK’s supervisory authority for data protection matters. Our registration number is Z7399375.
If you would like to contact us about this notice, including if you wish to receive further information about any aspect of it, our details are as follows:
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Postal: Data Protection, Lyon Equipment Limited, Unit 3 – 7 Tebay Business Park, Old Tebay, Penrith, CA10 3SS
Telephone: +44 (0)15396 24040
If you are exercising any of your privacy rights please make your request in writing and provide us with evidence of your identity. It helps us to deal with your request if you can also provide your full name, date of birth, address and postcode.
2. What Type Of Information We Collect From You
Examples include:   • Identity data, such as first name, last name, gender, username or similar identifier, title and date of birth.   • Contact data, such as address, email address and telephone numbers.   • Financial data, such as billing address, bank account details and credit rating.   • Transaction data, such as information about the particular transaction or other services we provide to you, information about products or services you provide to us and details about payments to and from you.   • Technical data, such as IP address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser, language, operating system and platform on the devices you use to access our website.   • Usage data, such as information about how you use our website and services   • Marketing and communications data, such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.   • Monitoring data, such as on-site CCTV footage, vehicle registration and use of our IT and communications systems.   • Any other information you provide.
Where necessary, we also collect, store and use other more sensitive personal information, examples include:
Relationship information, special access requirements, allergies, food intolerances, medical conditions, prescriptions, surgeries, therapies, medical history and disabilities.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
If you are supplying another person’s details, please ensure you have their explicit consent to do so.
3. How We Use This Information
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:   • As required to establish and fulfil a contract with you. For example, if you purchase from us or enter into an agreement to provide or receive services. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of goods or services. We require this information in order to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it.   • To comply with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.   • To send you direct marketing in relation to relevant products and services. Direct marketing will only be sent where you have given your consent to receive it. You will continue to be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time.   • Monitor the use of our website, pages visited and duration.   • Process a job application.
Where we use your personal information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw it. We will let you know how to do this at the time we gather your consent.
4. How We Share Your Personal Data
We may provide your personal data to the following recipients for the purposes set out in this notice:   • Our service providers, including:   • Our logistics providers, such as those who deliver our orders.   • Email and mail service providers.   • Technical and support partners.   • Credit check agencies.   • Payment processors.   • Professional advisers including lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.   • HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities.   • Credit reference or fraud and crime prevention agencies.   • Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.   • Our professional advisors, such as our auditors and external legal and financial advisors.   • Merger or acquisition partners, to the extent that sharing your personal data is necessary.   • Law enforcement agencies, government or public agencies or officials, regulators, and any other person or entity that has the appropriate legal authority where we are legally required or permitted to do so, to respond to claims, or to protect our rights, interests, privacy, property or safety.   • Any other parties where we have your specific consent to do so.
We may collect, use and share anonymous aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data as it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
5. Retention Of Data
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the original purpose, or until you request that we delete your information. This includes the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
We consider applicable legal requirements to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data. This includes the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
6. Data Security
Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you do not share your password with anyone.We have security measures in place designed to prevent data loss, preserve data integrity and regulate access to data. Only authorised Lyon Equipment employees and third parties processing data on our behalf have access to your data.
All data transmitted between our websites and your browser are encrypted and protected with a minimum of 128 Bit encryption on SSL.
We take all reasonable steps to keep your data safe and secure and to ensure the data is accessed only by those who have a legitimate interest to do so. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Any transmission is at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of information that is beyond our control.
Our website may contain links to third party websites. Our privacy policy does not apply to these websites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
7. Your Rights
You have the right to object to how we use your personal information. You also have the right to see what personal information we hold about you. In addition, you can ask us to correct inaccuracies, delete or restrict personal information or to ask for some of your personal information to be provided to someone else.You can make a request to exercise any of your rights in this Privacy Policy free of charge by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will respond to your requests in accordance with our obligations under data protection law.Right to object: You can object to our processing of your personal information by contacting us on the details provided in Section1.Access to your personal information: You can request access to a copy of your personal information that we hold, along with information on what personal information we use, why we use it, who we share it with, how long we keep it for and, where we obtained it from someone other than you, where we obtained it from. You do not have to pay a fee to access your personal data. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. We may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.Right to withdraw consent: If you have given us your consent to use personal information, you can update your marketing preferences or withdraw your consent at any time.Rectification: You can ask us to change or complete any inaccurate or incomplete personal information held about you.Erasure: You can ask us to delete your personal information where it is no longer necessary for us to use it, you have withdrawn consent, or where we have no lawful basis for keeping it.Portability: You can ask us to provide you or a third party with the personal information that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, electronic form so it can be easily transferred.Restriction: You can ask us to restrict the personal information we use about you where you have asked for it to be erased or where you have objected to our use of it.
8. Complaints
We hope that you will be satisfied with the way in which we approach and use your personal data. However, if you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal data, please contact us using the details in Section 1.If after contacting us you feel your complaint has not been dealt with satisfactorily, the supervisory authority for data protection in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which you can contact via their website at www.ico.org.uk or on 0303 123 1113.
About Us Employment Contact BrandsOutdoor
Exped Gregory Packs Grip Master GSI Outdoors Hydrapak Joshua Tree Julbo Katadyn La Sportiva Light My Fire Nordic Pocket Saw Nortec Ortlieb Outdoor Optimus Petzl Solo Stove Trek'n Eat Cycle Bombtrack Hydrapak Julbo Ortlieb Salsa Cycles Teravail TubusWatersports
Bic Dag Eckla Egalis Nautix Restube Robson Paddles RTM Kayaks Tahe Marine ZegulWork & Rescue
FOIN Forgetec Kohlbrat & Bunz Maillon Rapide Mudders Petzl Traverse Rescue TrainingWork At Height
Work At Height Co-Worker Rescue Mast & Tower Evacuation & Rescue From Elevated Platforms Pole & Tower Trainer Training Anchor Placement Harness & Lanyard Ladder Climbing Pick Off Rescue Work At Height For Safety ManagersPPE
Adventure Activities
User Checks RoSPA Competent PersonIndustry
User Checks RoSPA Competent Person Re-CertificationIRATA
IRATA 1 IRATA 2 IRATA 3 Re-AssessmentEmergency Services
Rope Rescue
Operator Supervisor Rope Rescue Instructor Refresher - RevalidationPolice
Operator Supervisor Supervisor / Trainer Technical Rescue SupervisorFirearms Officer
Firearms Work At Height Firearms Dispatcher Firearms OperatorFire & Rescue
Operator Supervisor / Team LeaderHART
Operator Supervisor / Trainer Emergency Services Work At HeightSector Specific
Stage Riggers
Work At Height Co-worker Rescue CombinedAdventure Activities
Access - Artificial Structures Awareness - Artificial StructuresProduct Training
Larkin Training Use Of Stretchers OBELISK & TRIBUSFirst Aid
Casualty Care At Height Emergency First Aid At Work First Aid At Work First Aid At Work (Requalification) Products Lyon Bags General Range - Harness Mounted General Range - Transport General Range - Rated Rescue Range Anchors & Lanyards Slings Lanyards Strops Ground Anchors Portable Anchors Fixed Anchor Rope & Edge Management Ladders Rescue Rescue Equipment Stretchers Accessories Services Manufacturing Stretcher Servicing
MacInnes Stretcher Servicing Bell Stretcher Servicing Traverse Stretcher Servicing Customisation Contracts