https://www.bracco.com/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
CorporateDiagnosis & InterventionHealth services
EN
Select language
Select language
Italiano
English
ItalianoEnglish
Press Room
Contacts
The GroupThe President
Code of Ethics
Quality Policy
Transparency
History
Corporate Environmental Report
Bracco Foundation
Bracco Worldwide
R&I
ProductsDiagnostic Imaging
Health Services
Pharmacovigilance
NewsCorporate
Diana Bracco
Careers
Press RoomPress Releases
Press kit
Contacts
Search form
Search
The GroupThe PresidentCode of EthicsQuality PolicyTransparencyHistoryCorporate Environmental ReportBracco FoundationBracco WorldwideR&IProductsDiagnostic ImagingHealth ServicesPharmacovigilanceNewsCorporateDiana BraccoCareersPress RoomPress ReleasesPress kitContacts
HomePrivacy Policy
The link you have chosen leads to a site maintained by a third party over whom Bracco has no control.
As such, Bracco makes no representation as to the accuracy or any other aspect of the information on this site.
Do you want to continue?
OKCancel
Privacy Policy
1.    GENERAL INTRODUCTION
Bracco S.p.A. (“Bracco”) is one of the world's leading companies in the diagnostic imaging business. It operates in more than 100 different countries, both directly and indirectly, through subsidiaries/branches, joint ventures, licensing agreements and distribution agreements. This web site – property of Bracco
– contains information directly relating to Bracco Imaging s.p.a. and additional information about the other Bracco Group companies.
The scope of this Policy is to describe how this web site operates in terms of processing the personal data of users/visitors that consult it.
In line with applicable privacy protection legislation, Bracco
intends to guarantee the privacy and personal data security of each visitor, also in relation to accesses made from abroad, in accordance with the terms of this policy and the Data Protection Policy adopted by the Group.
Unless otherwise specified, this Policy is also intended as an information notice for those interacting with the services offered by the web site.
Detailed information notices on personal data processing is provided, where necessary, on the pages relating to the individual services available. These information notices are aimed at defining limits on and the methods of data processing for each service, on the basis of which the visitor may freely give their consent and, possibly, authorise the gathering of data and its subsequent utilisation.
We note that this Privacy Policy does not cover other web sites that may be consulted by the user by Internet links.
2.    DATA CONTROLLER, DATA PROCESSORS AND PERSONS IN CHARGE OF PROCESSING
The Data Controller is BraccoS.p.A., a company with its registered office in Via Egidio Folli, 50 - 20134 Milan (Italy).
Personal data may be processed by internal and external persons appointed as Data Processors and by Persons in charge of processing for the service requested.
Contact of Bracco Data Protection Officer: e-mail: dpo@bracco.com
3.    TYPE OF DATA PROCESSED AND PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
This web site offers informative and interactive content. During navigation of the site, information about the visitor may be acquired, as follows:
Navigation data
In the course of their normal operations, the information systems and software procedures used to make this site function acquire certain personal data whose transmission is implicit when using Internet communication protocols.
Such data includes: IP addresses, the type of browser used, the operating system, the domain name and the address of web sites from/to which access/exit was made, information about the pages visited by users within the site, the time of access, how long was spent on each page, an analysis of the internal path and other parameters relating to the operating system and IT environment of the user.
Such technical/IT data is gathered and utilised exclusively on an aggregate and anonymous basis and may be utilised to determine responsibility in case of alleged IT/electronic offences causing damage to the site.
Data provided voluntarily by the visitor
Data provided voluntarily and freely by the visitor on the site in order to access and/or request a determinate service.
In all cases, before proceeding to activate a service, an appropriate information notice will be provided and, where necessary, consent to personal data processing acquired using the opt-in and/or opt out techniques provided for by applicable privacy legislation.
Freely given consent may be withdrawn at any time though it will no longer be possible to utilise the service in question.
4.    METHODS OF DATA PROCESSING
Personal data processing takes place mainly utilising procedures and electronic support for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data was collected and, in any case, in compliance with applicable regulatory/legislative requirements.
5.    TECHNOLOGY UTILISED
Cookies
Cookies are information packages sent by a web server (e.g. the site) to the user's Internet browser, automatically saved by the browser on the computer and automatically sent back to the server on every subsequent visit to the site.
The default settings of almost all web browsers will automatically accept cookies.
The web site does not use cookies to send personal information.
The use of session cookies (that are not memorized on a lasting basis on the user's computer and disappear when the browser is closed) is strictly limited to the transmission of session identification data needed to enable the site to be explored securely and efficiently.
The session cookies used on this site avoid using other information techniques that could potentially put at risk the confidentiality of user browsing. Also, they do not permit the acquisition of the user's personal identification data.
This site also uses persistent cookies i.e. cookies that are memorized on the hard disk of the computer until they expire or are deleted by the user/visitor. Deletion of these cookies does not preclude use of the sites and/or applications indicated above.
Persistent cookies make it possible automatically to recognize users/visitors to the site (or other users making use of the same computer) every time the visit the site.
Users/Visitors can set the browser on their computer to accept/refuse all cookies or to show a warning every time a cookie attempts to download, in order to decide whether to accept it or not. The user can adjust the pre-set configuration and cookies can be disabled (i.e. blocked once and for all) by selecting the highest level of protection.
For all other information about the characteristics, type, methods of use and possibility of removal, deletion and disabling of cookies present on the web site, reference should be made to the specific Cookie Policy.
6.    REDIRECT TO EXTERNAL SITES
Social plug-ins are special tools that make it possible to incorporate Social Network functions directly within the Web site (e.g. the "Like" function on Facebook).
All the social plug-ins presented on the site are indicated by the respective social network logo.
When a user visits a page on our site and interacts with a plug-in (e.g. by clicking the "Like" button) or decides to leave a comment, the corresponding information is sent by the browser directly to the social network platform (in this case, Facebook) and memorised by it.
For information on the purpose, type and method of personal data collection, processing, utilisation and storage by the social network platform and for details of how to exercise your rights, please consult the privacy policy of the social network.
At this moment no social plug-in are present in this web site.
7.    LINKS TO/FROM THIRD PARTY SITES
From our web site, links can be used to go to other web sites. You may also be directed to our web site by third parties.
The Data Controller declines all responsibility for any requests for and/or granting of personal data to third party web sites and in relation to management of the authentication credentials issued by third party entities.
8.    RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
"Data subjects" i.e. the persons/subjects to whom the personal data processed via this web site relates. Have the right to exercise their rights in the manner and subject to the limits laid down by the privacy legislation applicable, as indicated under point 1. above.
In order to exercise those rights, obtain an up-to-date list of Data Processors (where designated) report any problems or request clarification about the processing of your personal data, please send your requests via e-mail to the following e-mail: dpo@bracco.com.
9.    CHANGES OF POLICY
This Policy regulates the methods of processing personal data supplied by visitors when navigating the web site. The introduction of any new regulations in the sector, like the constant review and updating of user services, may result in the need to change these methods. It is, therefore, possible that our policy will be amended over time and, therefore, we invite visitors to consult this page periodically. This Privacy Policy is updated as of May 2018.
Cookie Policy
1.    INTRODUCTION
The specific objective of this Cookie Policy is to illustrate the types of cookie on the web site and the ways in which they are used and to provide information on how to refuse and delete them, if so desired.
Further information on our policy on the use of cookies can be found in Section 5 of Privacy Policy.
2.    THE COOKIES PRESENT ON THIS WEB SITE
Following table lists all cookie present on Bracco web sites.
Cookie or code
Type
Website
Company Holder
Expiration date
Description
has_js
Technical Cookie
corporate.bracco.com
salute.bracco.com
Bracco Spa
End of browser session
The function of the cookie is to inform the content mangement system  whether you have javascript enabled in your browser settings. It used to manage multiple http requests.
braccoimaging.
prehome.skip
Technical Cookie
corporate.bracco.com
Bracco Spa
1 day
This cookie is placed on the prehome of the website. This cookie is used to manage the browsing of the website.
_gat
Technical Cookie
.bracco.com
Googlebracco spa
End of browser session
Cookie used by application to get object and method from software component.
ga
Technical Cookie/ Third Party b Cookie
.bracco.com
Google/ Bracco Spa
2 years
This cookie is related to the web analysis service, supplied by Google Inc., and is used to distinguish users and to obtain aggregated statistical information of use in evaluating web site utilization and the activities carried out by the visitor.
The cookie collects the following information:
- Pages viewed.
- The language settings in the users' browsers.
- The Country from which the session is originated.
- Type of visitors (new/returning).
- Frequency.
- Page Timings
- The browser and OS used by visitors
- Referral
- Key words used for campaigns, ect.
Further information on privacy management and/or on how to refuse or delete this type of cookie is available at the following: http://www.google.it/intl/it/analytics/
Cookie or code
has_js
Type: Technical Cookie
Website: corporate.bracco.com
salute.bracco.com
Company Holder: Bracco Spa
Expiration date: End of browser session
Description: The function of the cookie is to inform the content mangement system whether you have javascript enabled in your browser settings. It used to manage multiple http requests.
braccoimaging.
prehome.skip
Type: Technical Cookie
Website: corporate.bracco.com
Company Holder: Bracco Spa
Expiration date: 1 day
Description: This cookie is placed on the prehome of the website. This cookie is used to manage the browsing of the website.
_gat
Type: Technical Cookie
Website: .bracco.com
Company Holder:Googlebracco spa
Expiration date: End of browser session
Description: Cookie used by application to get object and method from software component.
ga
Type: Technical Cookie/ Third Party b Cookie
Website: .bracco.com
Company Holder:Google/ Bracco Spa
Expiration date: 2 years
Description: This cookie is related to the web analysis service, supplied by Google Inc., and is used to distinguish users and to obtain aggregated statistical information of use in evaluating web site utilization and the activities carried out by the visitor.
The cookie collects the following information:
- Pages viewed.
- The language settings in the users' browsers.
- The Country from which the session is originated.
- Type of visitors (new/returning).
- Frequency.
- Page Timings
- The browser and OS used by visitors
- Referral
- Key words used for campaigns, ect.
Further information on privacy management and/or on how to refuse or delete this type of cookie is available at the following: http://www.google.it/intl/it/analytics/
3.    FLASH COOKIES
Bracco uses (or can use) Adobe Flash Player technology to provide multimedia contents; on most personal computers this software is installed by default.
If any of these contents are used, Google Analytics stores additional data on the computer, known as Flash cookies (or Local Share Objects), through which the Data Controller can determine the number of times an audio/video file has been opened, the number of users who used it to its natural ending and, conversely, how many users closed it before the end. Adobe's website provides information on how to remove or disable Flash cookies for a specific domain such as Bracco Imaging.com (please see the following URL http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security). Please keep in mind that limiting the use of and/or eliminating these cookies can limit the available functions for Flash-based applications.
4.    HOW TO CHANGE COOKIE SETTINGS
a)    Chrome
Click the Chrome menu icon.
Select Settings.
Near the bottom of the page, click Advanced.
In the "Privacy" section, click Content settings.
Enable or disable cookies:
To enable cookies, switch the first flag to Allow sites to save and read cookie data (recommended).
To disable cookies, switch the first flag to Blocked.
For more details, visit the web site.
b)    Mozilla Firefox
At the top of the Firefox window, click on the Firefox button and then select Options. At the top of the Firefox window, click on the Tools menu and then select Options. On the menu bar, click on the Firefox menu and select Preferences. At the top of the Firefox window, click on the Edit menu and select Preferences. Click the menu button  and choose Options. Preferences.
Select the Privacy panel.
Set Firefox will: to Use custom settings for history.
Check mark Accept cookies from sites to enable Cookies, and uncheck it to disable them.
If you are troubleshooting problems with cookies, make sure Accept third party cookies is also check marked. For more information, see Disable third-party cookies in Firefox to stop some types of tracking by advertisers.
Choose how long cookies are allowed to be stored:
Keep until: they expire: Each cookie will be removed when it reaches its expiration date, which is set by the site that sent the cookie.
Keep until: I close Firefox: The cookies that are stored on your computer will be removed when Firefox is closed.
Keep until: ask me every time: Displays an alert every time a website tries to send a cookie, and asks you whether or not you want to store it.
Click OK to close the Options window. Click Close to close the Preferences window. Close the Preferences window.
For more details, visit the web site.
c)    Internet Explorer
Open Internet Explorer by clicking the Start button and then clicking Internet Explorer.
Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options.
Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the top to block all cookies or to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK.
For more details, visit the web site.
d)    Safari
Open Safari.
Choose Safari > Preferences, and then click Privacy.
In the "Block cookies" section, specify whether Safari should accept cookies from websites, and when.
To see an explanation of the options, click the Help button (looks like a question mark).
If you want to see which websites store cookies on your computer, click Details
For more details, visit the web site.
e)    Safari iOS (mobile)
Open Safari iOS8
Tap Settings > Safari > Block Cookies
Choose "Always Allow," "Allow from websites I visit", "Allow from Current Websites Only", or "Always Block" (In iOS 7 or earlier, choose "Never", "From third parties and advertisers", or "Always")
To clear history and cookies from Safari in iOS 8, tap Settings > Safari > Clear History and Website Data. In iOS 7 or earlier, tap Clear History and tap Clear Cookies and Data
For more details, visit the web site.
f)    Opera
Open Browser Opera
Delete cookies
select Settings > Preferences > Advanced > Cookies
check "Delete new cookies when exiting Opera"
close Opera when you have finished browsing
Enable or disable cookies
select Settings > Quick Preferences
uncheck "Enable Cookies".
For more details, visit the web site.
for Bracco VPN users
Privacy Policy
Terms of Purchase
Terms of Use
Imprint
Sitemap
Via Caduti di Marcinelle 13, 20134 Milan, Italy phone + 39 02 2177.1 e-mail
The Group
Diagnostic Imaging
Health Services
Research & Innovation
Bracco Worldwide
Press releases
News
Careers
Follow us
Bracco Copyright © 2020 | Registered office: Via Egidio Folli 50, 20134 Milan, Italy | Share Capital € 104.000.000 f.p. | VAT
Milan Comp. Reg. n. 00825120157 | Milan REA n. 348182