http://www.beaubois.com/privacy-policy/
Projects
Completed Projects
Current Projects
Expertise
Our approach
BIM
Company
About
Certifications
Awards
Career
Available Positions
Partners
Contact
1-800-463-2237
info@beaubois.com
Contact us
enfr
Privacy Policy
« Beaubois » welcomes you to it’s offical website. This is an Agreement between you and « Beaubois » and governs your use of « Beaubois » official website and its content (collectively the “Site”). Each time you use the Site and interactive tool you expressly intimate acceptance and agreement, and the acceptance and agreement of any legal person you purport to represent, without limitation or qualification, to abide by and to be bound by this Agreement, and you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to agree to and accept this Agreement on behalf of yourself and any legal person you purport to represent. You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is subject to change without advance notice. However, the latest agreement will be posted on the Site and you should review the Agreement prior to each use of the Site. Please print a copy of this Agreement for your reference. You may view and download the contents from the Site subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Copyright/ Trademarks/ Permission to Reproduce
Materials on the Site were produced and/or compiled by « Beaubois » for the purpose of providing visitors to the Site with direct access to information about, among other things, news projects, « Beaubois », its developments, new programs, policies, rules, procedures, and services.
Copyright in materials and graphical elements on the Site are owned by « Beaubois ». The written materials on this site may be used, downloaded, printed, and reproduced in whole or in part, if:
1. they are used or reproduced accurately, without any modification;
2. they identify « Beaubois » as the source;
3. they are used only for informational or educational, and non-commercial purposes; and
4. this copyright notice and disclaimers contained on this website are displayed on every copy.
The reproduction and redistribution of any graphical elements on the Site is prohibited except with written permission from « Beaubois ». The logos are trademarks or service marks of « Beaubois ». You may not use them without « Beaubois » written permission. Further, to use any of the written materials for a commercial purpose, you may only do so with « Beaubois » written permission. To make a request for permission and/or further information about how to obtain permission please contact:
Phone: 418 228-5104
Fax: 418 228-3524
Toll free: 1 800 463-2237
Email: beaubois@beaubois.com
Third-party Materials
Some of the materials and graphical elements found on the Site are subject to copyrights held by other organizations. In such cases, some additional restrictions on the reproduction of materials or graphical elements may apply and it may be necessary to seek permission from the rights holder prior to reproducing the material.
To obtain information concerning copyright ownership on the Site, please contact us:
Phone: 418 228-5104
Fax: 418 228-3524
Toll free: 1 800 463-2237
Email: beaubois@beaubois.com
Prohibited or Unlawful Use
You warrant to « Beaubois » that you will not use the Site for any unlawful or prohibited purpose according to the Terms and Conditions set out in this Legal Notice. You further agree to « Beaubois » that you will not use this Site in any manner whatsoever which may cause this Site to become disabled, damaged, overloaded, or impaired or interfere other visitor’s use and enjoyment of this Site. You acknowledge and agree that you are prohibited from obtaining or attempting to obtain any materials or information from this Site through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through this Site by « Beaubois ».
Materials for Convenience / No Liability
« Beaubois » has made every effort to ensure that every document on the site is current and that our interactive tools are functional, it is your responsibility to ensure that the document version(s) you are using is (are) current and from the site on the date of your downloading of or use of the material(s), and is (are) not a cached or a copied page from your isp’s server, your own computer, or any other third party site. As from the date of your downloading of or use of the material(s).
« Beaubois » does not accept any responsibility for any inaccuracies or mistakes that can occur in our interactive tools. Your use of our interactive tools is at your own risk, without any representations, warranties, or conditions of any kind, whether express or implied. « Beaubois » will not, under any circumstances, be liable to you or any other person for any loss or damage arising from, connected with, or relating to the use of our interactive tools by you or any other person. Therefore, it is imperative for anyone relying on our interactive tools to double check the references to the dispute resolution rules and policy and, if necessary, make appropriate arrangements to ensure accuracy and reliability of the decision. Further, « Beaubois » declines all responsibility concerning the reliability and the up-to-dateness of any material offered, as well as any consequences resulting from the use of our material that was not obtained from our site the day it was used.
Furthermore, subject to the above paragraph, « Beaubois » does not accept any responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, and currency of any « Beaubois » materials, or for any consequences arising from, the use of any « Beaubois » materials that have not been obtained from the site at the time of your use of the material(s).
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold « Beaubois » and its directors, agents and employees harmless from any liability, loss, claim, demand, and expense, including reasonable lawyers fees, related to your use of the site.
External Hyperlinks
Some of the information on the Site has been provided by external sources. « Beaubois » is not responsible for the accuracy, reliability or currency of the information provided by external sources. Users wishing to rely upon this information should consult directly with the source of the information.
There may be websites linked to and from the Site that are operated or created by or for organizations other than « Beaubois ». You understand that CIRA does not operate or control these websites nor their content and that links to such site are provided for your convenience. Those organizations are solely responsible for the operation and information (including the right to display such information) found on their respective websites. These linked websites may or may not be available in French. The linking to or from the Site does not imply on the part of « Beaubois » any endorsement or guarantee of any of the organizations or of the information (including the right to display such information) found on their respective websites.
The Inclusion of any linked website, including but not limited to certified registrars, does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by « Beaubois ». You agree that « Beaubois » does not assume any liability whatsoever for the linking to any of these linked websites, the operation or content (including the right to display such information) of any of the linked websites, nor for any of the information, interpretation, comments or opinions expressed in any of the linked websites. Any comments or inquiries regarding the linked websites are to be directed to the particular organization for whom the particular website is being operated.
Privacy Notice
« Beaubois » is committed to providing visitors with a website that respects their privacy. This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices on the Site.
« Beaubois » does not automatically gather any specific personal information from you, such as your name, IP number, e-mail address, etc. We would only obtain this type of information if you supply it by sending us an e-mail or registering newsletters tool.
« Beaubois » employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
« Beaubois » does not use cookies except as stated herein (A “cookie” is a small file that may be placed on your computer without your knowledge by a website to allow it to monitor your use of the site). « Beaubois » only uses cookies when you login to a secure portion of the Site [(e.g., Extranet and every time you access the secure part of the Site)]. The purpose for the cookie is for convenience, (i.e., so that you do not have to re-enter your login information every time you proceed to a different page within the secure part of the Site). « Beaubois » will not collect any specific and identifiable personal information from your computer. The cookie will remain active on your computer for the duration of your visit in the secure part of the Site or up to a maximum of 30 minutes (which ever comes first). Once you logout, or the 30 minutes have passed the cookie which has been placed on your computer will expire and be deleted from your computer and « Beaubois » will no longer track your movements on the Site. There may be a few other times when cookies are in use. If cookies are in use at any other time and you have your cookies notification option activated on your browser the system will notify you before any cookies are used so that you may refuse them.
Severability
In the event that any part of a provision(s) of the Terms and Conditions set out in this Legal Notice is (are) held to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, such provision(s) shall, by the adjudicating body, be applied to the fullest extend possible and shall be read-down only to the extent absolutely necessary to comply with applicable law. If any provision(s) of the Terms and Conditions set out in this Legal Notice is (are) held to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, such provision(s) shall be severed from the Legal Notice. The fact that part of a provision(s) or an entire provision(s) has (have) been held to be invalid, unenforceable, or void such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.