http://www.aeroel.it/component/content/article/61-inglese/legal/450-informativa-cookie.html
YouTube
You are here: Home
COOKIES NOTICE:
To provide the best possible service, we use cookies, also third party, on this site. Continuing the navigation you consent to use them
Learn more
I understand
HomeCompany ProfileProductsIndustry SectorsTechnologyQuality SystemNews & EventsGalleries & DownloadContacts
Cookie statementof the site www.aeroel.it
Cookie disclosure statement pursuant to art. 13 of the Italian Privacy Code drawn up in accordance with the regulation issued by the Italian data protection authority 08.05.2014
What are cookies?Cookies are small strings of text that websites visited by a user send to their terminal, where they are stored and then retransmitted to the same sites the next time the same user visits that site.For the purposes here, the cookies are separated into technical and profiling, depending on the function for which they are used, and into first party and third party cookies, depending on the subject that installs them
Technical cookies"Technical cookies are used for the sole purpose of transmitting a communication on an electronic communications network or, as strictly necessary, for sending to the provider of a service of a company the information explicitly requested by the subscriber or user to deliver that service" (see art. 122 paragraph 1 of the Italian privacy code).Cookies can be defined as browsing or session cookies (that guarantee normal browsing and use of the web site), cookie analytics (assimilated with technical cookies where they are used directly by the site operator to collect information, in aggregate form, on the number of users and on how they visit the same site) and functionality cookies (these allow the user to navigating according to a set of criteria, such as language, in order to improve the service provided to the same).For the installation and use of technical cookies, the prior consent of the person involved is not required.
Profiling cookiesProfiling cookies are used to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user in the context of browsing the net.For use of the profiling cookies, the consent of the person involved is required.
Third-party cookiesTaking account of the different subject that installs the cookies on the user's terminal, depending on whether it involves the same operator of the site that the user is visiting, or the operator of a different site that installs the cookies through the first one, a definition is made of either first-party cookies or third-party cookies.
Cookies installed from this site.This site, maintained by AEROEL Srl con sede legale in Pradamano (UD), via Pier Paolo Pasolini 35/3, which assumes, therefore, the role of Data Controller pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 196/03 (Italian Privacy Code), installs the following cookies (its own and those of third parties):
Cookie tecnici
Cookie name
Function
9bcbb90eb72d706039bb4f12f10bad98
Si tratta di un cookie di funzionalità con funzione di selezione della lingua di navigazione.
Google Analytics *__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmt, __utmz
Tracking cookies to generate statistics regarding use of the website; Google Analytics uses cookies which do not store personal data and that are deposited on a user's computer to permit the web site operator to analyse how users use that site.To prevent storage of these cookies, the user may follow the procedure that can be found at the following link  http://www.google.com/intl/it_ALL/analytics/learn/privacy.html
* Assimilated to technical cookies in accordance with the regulation issued by the Italian data protection authority 08.05.2014 and subsequent FAQ.
Third-party cookies
Cookie name
domain
Privacy Link
GEUP, NID, HSID, SSID, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, SID, APISID, PREF, YSC, SAPISID
youtube.com
http://www.youtube.com/t/privacy
How to select/deselect or disable, remove or block cookies.
This website allows the selection/deselection of individual cookies in the manner illustrated below but please be aware that, in case of deactivation, full enjoyment of the site may not be guaranteed.To disable, remove or block cookies it is possible to use the browser settings, as shown below:
Firefox:
Press the "Alt" key on the keyboard;
In the toolbar at the top of the browser, select "Tools" and then "Options";
Then select the "Privacy" tab.
Go to "History settings" and then to "Use custom settings";
Uncheck "Accept cookies from sites" and save these preferences.
Internet Explorer:
Open Internet Explorer
Click on the "Tools" button and then on "Internet Options";
Select the "Privacy" tab and move the slider device to the desired privacy level (upwards to block all cookies or downwards to allow them all);
Then click on "Ok"
Google Chrome:
Open Google Chrome
Click the "Tools" icon;
Select "Settings" and then "Advanced settings";
Select "Content settings" under "Privacy";
In the "Cookies" tab, it is possible to clear the cookies and save these preferences.
Safari:
Open Safari;
Choose "Preferences" in the toolbar, and then select the "Security" panel in the dialogue window that follows.
Under "Accept cookies" it is possible to specify whether and when Safari must save cookies from websites. For more information click on the Help button (marked with a question mark);
For more information on cookies that are stored on your computer, click "Show cookies".
Useful information about cookies andhow to manage them or disable themare available at these addresses:http://www.allaboutcookies.orgwww.youronlinechoices.eu
Contacts
Aeroel srl via Pier Paolo Pasolini 35/3 33040 – Pradamano (UD) – ItaliaTel. +39 0432 671301Fax: +39 0432 671543E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
HIGHLIGHTS
Wire 2020
OUR HEAD OFFICE
AEROEL S.r.l.Via Pier Paolo Pasolini, 35/333040 Pradamano (UD) - ITALY
Tel. +39 0432 671301Fax +39 0432 671543This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
CONTACTS
Sales Departmenttel: +39 0432 671301 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Service Departmenttel: +39 0432 671305 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
CERTIFICATIONS
AEROEL S.R.L. a socio unico - Società soggetta a direzione e coordinamento di Marposs S.p.A. a socio unicoCAP.SOC.INT.VERS. € 49.400 - C.F.-P.IVA e NR REGISTRO IMPRESE di UDINE IT00518830302 - R.E.A. UD 0141686 - N° ISCRIZIONE REGISTRO A.E.E. IT08020000000891Codice Destinatario (SdI) AU7YEU4
Home
Privacy
Cookies
Warranty Terms
General Selling Conditions
copyright @ Aeroel S.r.l. 2017
Progetto cofinanziato con il Fondo Europeo di Sviluppo Regionale del Programma Operativo Regionale del Friuli Venezia Giulia Obiettivo "Competitività Regionale e Occupazione" programmazione 2007/2013