http://www.calhounbanks.com/website-privacy
Home »
Website Privacy
Calhoun Banks has created this website privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following explains how we us and protect information received at our site.
INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE INTERNETIf you are just browsing through our website, we do not request any personally identifiable information, nor do we collect unique identifying information about you unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us that information, such as when you send us an email or complete an application online. If you provide us this information, it is only used internally and in furtherance of the purpose for which it was provided.As part of providing online financial products or services, we may obtain information about our customers and website visitors from the following sources:• Information we receive from you on applications, emails, or other forms; • Information about your transactions with this institution; • Information we receive from a consumer-reporting agency;• Information that is generated electronically when you visit our website; and• Information that is generated electronically when you use our Internet banking services.Service providers hosting our website and our Internet banking service may collect general information on our website visitors simply to help us provide banking and other financial services to you online. They collect the following information on our behalf for security and statistical purposes.  Such information may include:• The Internet address (referral site) which brought you to our web site; • The date and time you access our site; • The name and version of your web browser; • Your Internet Protocol (IP) address; and • The pages visited in our website; and
• The duration of you online session.
Our service providers may use cookies to collect some of the above information. They may also use cookies for security purposes within our Internet banking product.
Additional information about IP addresses and cookies are provided below. INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) ADDRESSESAn IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are on the Internet. Web servers, the computers that "serve up" web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When collecting information for us, our service provider does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable; however, this Institution and its service providers may use IP addresses to audit the use of our site. We can and will use IP addresses to identify users when necessary for security purposes. WHAT IS A COOKIE?A cookie is a very small text file sent by a web server and stored on your hard drive, your computer’s memory, or in your browser so that it can be read back later. Cookies are a basic way for a server to identify the computer you happen to be using at the time. Cookies are used for many things from personalizing start up pages to facilitating online purchases. Cookies help sites recognize return visitors and they perform a very important function in secure Internet banking.Our service provider uses cookies for security purposes within our Internet banking product and to facilitate the customization and personalization of our website. For your security, our service provider does not store any personally identifiable information in cookies which are further described below. INTERNET BANKING COOKIES:Our Internet banking product uses encrypted cookies that do not pass to your computer’s hard drive. Instead, the cookie is stored in your computer’s memory, identifying only your computer while you are logged on. Only our service provider can read the information in these cookies. The Internet banking cookie facilitates the processing of multiple transactions during a session without requiring you to reenter your passcode for each individual transaction. The cookies for Internet banking simply provide another level of security for our Internet banking product. When you log off, or close your browser, the cookie is destroyed. A new cookie is used for each session. That way, no one can use the prior cookie to access your account. For additional security, the cookie expires after 10 minutes of inactivity. It must then be renewed by reentering your passcode. We do not (and cannot) use this cookie to collect or obtain new personal information about you. You must allow your browser to accept this cookie so you can use the Internet banking product. WEBSITE COOKIES:When you register on our website and select the “Remember Me” checkbox, our service provider sends a cookie to your hard drive, which enables you to customize the website and bypass the login process each time you revisit. These cookies are retained on your computer until you either delete them or click on the logout link within the website. These cookies only contain a unique user identification number and do not contain or collect any personally identifiable information.When registered users login to the website, our service provider may also send cookies called “per session" cookies or "server side" cookies. These cookies reside in the browser and are only used to monitor the session by a unique identification number. These cookies are used for security purposes and you must allow your browser to accept these cookies in order to use the website. These cookies are destroyed after eight hours.When you click on advertisements in our website or advertisements on linked 3rd party web sites, you may receive another cookie. You do not have to accept these cookies to visit the website.USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED• We do not disclose any non public personal information about our customers, former customers, website visitors to anyone, except as permitted or required by law. • In order to provide online services such as: Internet banking and bill payment, we must disclose certain customer account information to our service providers. • We do not sell any of your personal information. • We will not disclose any medical information that you provide to us, unless you specifically authorize its disclosure. • We may disclose aggregate (not personally identifiable) customer information that we collect on our website to service providers, companies, and/or financial institutions that perform marketing and research services on our behalf and with whom we have joint marketing agreements. Our contracts require these service providers, companies and/or financial institutions to protect the confidentiality of your personal information to the same extent that we must do.