http://www.amohomeloans.com.au/privacy.html
Make an Appoint­ment
Apply Now
CALL 1300 AMO AMO (1300 266 266)
HomeLoan Products
Home Buyer & Property Investor
Future Proof Home LoanRevolution Home LoanFixed Rate Home LoanOffset Home LoanConstruction LoansPrestige Home LoanSelf-Employed Loans Specialist Loan
Use Super in PropertyLow Doc LoansDeposit BondsNon-conforming LoansBad Credit LoansCards Financial Dictionary Frequently Asked Questions Home Loan Refinance Debt Consolidation LoansCalculators
Repayment Calculator Borrowing Power Calculator Refinance Calculator Loan Comparison Calculator Buying & Selling Costs CalculatorBlogContact
AMO Bankstown AMO Sydney Make an Appointment Contact UsApply NowClient Access
Our Commitment to Protect Your Privacy
AMO Group Financial Services Pty Ltd ("AMO") seeks to provide the best possible service to its customers by providing the best possible range of financial products and services.
At AMO, we are committed to safeguarding your personal privacy. We know that providing personal information is an act of trust and we take that seriously. We recognise that your personal information must be protected from unauthorised access, misuse, loss, exposure and/or modification as set out by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). Collection of some of the personal information is required under the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006.
This document sets out our Privacy Policy in respect of personal information that you may provide to us. We acknowledge that any personal information we collect about you will only be used for the purposes indicated in our policy.
Who is AMO Group Financial Services?
AMO Group Financial Services is an organisation that offers financial products and services within the mortgage industry. We process and assess information in respect of loan applications. We locate funders suitable to provide loans to you. We may also market other products.
Personal Information
When we refer to personal information we mean information from which your identity is apparent. This information may include information or an opinion about you, from which your identity can reasonably be ascertained.
The types of information that may identify you include your name, address, contact details, date of birth, occupation and financial information.
Why we collect your personal information
We collect and receive personal information from our customers or from other business referrers in order to conduct our business, including assessing and obtaining approval for loans. From time to time we may offer other products and services.
To enable us to maintain a successful business relationship with you, we may disclose your personal information with other organisations that provide products or services used or marketed by us. The types of organisations to which we are likely to disclose information about you include other mortgage intermediaries, lenders, valuers, lenders mortgage insurers, surveyors, accountants, credit reporting agencies, and lawyers. We may also disclose your personal information to any other organisation that may have or is considering having an interest in you loan, or in our business.
How we collect your personal information
Where reasonable and practical, we will collect your personal information only directly from you. We may do this through application forms, over the telephone or internet, or in person when we interview you.
We collect personal information about you to enable us to assess your suitability and eligibility for obtaining a home or commercial loan. You have the right not to supply us with this information, however, failure to do so may result in our assistance to you being restricted.
We may also collect information about you from third parties, with or without any direct involvement from you. Examples of these third parties include: credit reporting agencies, other credit providers, publicly available resources (such as telephone directories) and government agencies etc.
We will not collect any information about you through our Website unless you knowingly provide it to us.
Links to other Websites
AMO provides links to websites outside of the AMO site. These linked sites are not under our control and we are not liable for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Please examine the other website's privacy policy prior to disclosing your personal information.
Disclosure of your Personal Information
Where possible, we will inform you, at or before the time of collecting your personal information, the types of organisations that we intend to disclose your personal information to.
Prior to disclosing any of your personal information to another organisation, we will take reasonable steps to satisfy ourselves that:
the organisation has a commitment to protecting your personal information at least equal to our commitment; and
you have consented to us doing so.
Sometimes we are required or authorised by law to disclose your personal information. Circumstances in which we may disclose your personal information would be to a Court or Tribunal in response to a request or in response to a subpoena or to the Australian Taxation Office.
Some of the organisations we disclose your personal information and credit-related personal information to may be located overseas. Where AMO intends to send information overseas, we will either take reasonable steps to ensure that it complies with Australian Privacy laws or we will seek your consent to the disclosure.
Direct Marketing
From time to time we may use your personal information to provide you with current information about mortgage loans, special offers you may find of interest, changes to our organisation, or new products or services being offered by us or any company we are associated with.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information, you may at any time decline to receive such information by telephoning us on 133 266 or by emailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will not charge you for giving effect to your request and will take all reasonable steps to meet your request at the earliest possible opportunity.
Updating your Personal Information
It is important to our relationship that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. During the course of our relationship with you we will ask you to inform us if any of your personal information has changed.
If you wish to make any changes to you personal information, you may contact us. We will generally rely on you to assist us in informing us if the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete.
Access to and correction of your Personal Information and credit related personal information
In most cases you can gain access to and seek correction of your personal information and credit-related personal information. Should you wish to do so, or if you have any queries about your information, please contact us on 1300 266 266. Please note that we may charge a fee for our costs in retrieving and supplying the information to you.
If you want to change, correct or delete personal information that is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us on 1300 266 266 or email to the This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will take reasonable steps to delete your personal information unless we need to keep it for legal reasons.
Denied Access to Personal Information
There may be situations where we are not required to provide you with access to your personal information. For example, such a situation would be information relating to an existing or anticipated legal proceedings with you, or if your request is vexatious.
An explanation will be provided to you, if we deny you access to your personal information we hold.
Business without Identifying You
In most circumstances it will be necessary for us to identify you in order to successfully do business with you, however, where, it is lawful to do so, we will offer you the opportunity of doing business with us, without providing us with personal information. Such a situation would be where you make general inquiries about interest rates or current promotional offers.
Where sensitive information is collected, stored, used or transferred about you, we will only use this information if you have consented or in the exercise or defence of a legal claim. Sensitive information is information relating to your racial or ethnic origin, political persuasion, memberships in trade or professional association or trade unions, sexual preferences, criminal record, or health.
Security of your Personal Information
We will endeavour to take reasonable steps to protect your personal information by storing it in a secure environment.
Our employees and data processors are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. Furthermore, although we will take all reasonable steps to protect any information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, as we cannot guarantee the security of communications over the Internet, we will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information.
When your personal information is no longer needed for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify it in a secure manner. However, this is subject to any legal obligations we have to keep information for a certain period of time.
Further Information
You may request further information about the way we manage your personal information by phoning us on 1300 266 266 or by emailing to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We are constantly reviewing all of our policies and attempt to keep up to date with market expectations. Technology is constantly changing, as is the law and market place practices.
Talk to our Mortgage Brokers
Set up a free appointment with our Mortgage Brokers or call 1300 266 266.
Appointment
Apply Now
Live Chat Support
Request a Call Back
Please complete all required fields! (*) indicates the required field.
Enter your Contact Details
Name
Invalid Input
Email
Invalid Input
Phone
Invalid Input
Postcode
Invalid Input
Suburb
Invalid Input
Additional comments
Invalid Input
When would you like us to call you?
Date
Invalid Input
Time
Invalid Input
Security Code
RefreshInvalid Input
Send
PrevSubmit
By submitting form you agree to
AMO's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
How can we Help?
1300 266 266
Make an Appointment
Client Access
HomeLoan Products
Home Buyer & Property Investor
Future Proof Home LoanRevolution Home LoanFixed Rate Home LoanOffset Home LoanConstruction LoansPrestige Home LoanSelf-Employed Loans Specialist Loan
Use Super in PropertyLow Doc LoansDeposit BondsNon-conforming LoansBad Credit LoansCards Financial Dictionary Frequently Asked Questions Home Loan Refinance Debt Consolidation LoansCalculators
Repayment Calculator Borrowing Power Calculator Refinance Calculator Loan Comparison Calculator Buying & Selling Costs CalculatorBlogContact
AMO Bankstown AMO Sydney Make an Appointment Contact UsApply NowClient Access