http://www.metlabheattreat.com/privacy-policy.html
Give us a call! 800-319-7359
HOME | ABOUT US | FACILITIES LIST | BLOG | CONTACT METLAB | REQUEST INFORMATION | TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Metal Hardening | Metal Quenching | Metal Tempering Induction |
Flame Hardening Vacuum Heat Treating Annealing | Protective Atmosphere Normalizing | Spheroidize Annealing  Carburizing Carbonitriding Nitriding Nitrocarburizing Cryogenic Treatment Heat Treat Stress Relieving Straightening Abrasive Blasting Metallurgical Consulting | Special Parts Fabrication Black Oxide Treatment Follow us on:
Print This PageEmail This Page
Privacy Policy
Metlab respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information CollectedIf you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via sales@metlabheattreat.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only Metlab's website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Metlab is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
CookiesMetlab's website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationMetlab may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that Metlab reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Metlab and is effective as of September 06, 2012. This statement does not create an agreement between Metlab and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:Metlab1000 E. Mermaid LaneWyndmoor, PA 19038 Toll Free: 800-319-7359 Phone: 215-233-2600 Fax: 215-233-5653Email: sales@metlabheattreat.com
Metlab | 1000 E. Mermaid Lane | Wyndmoor, PA 19038 | 800-319-7359 | 215-233-2600 | Fax:215-233-5653
Copyright © 2012, Metlab Privacy   |   Sitemap   Site created by Thomas Web Solutions