http://www.bayat.com/privacy
Storefront
Toggle Nav
Menu
ProductsAutomationHMIStructuralSensingPLC/Motion ControlPower SuppliesLinear/Rotary MotionFluid ControlHigh Performance MotorsFiltrationPneumaticsSignal TowersIntegrated SolutionsPneumatic AutomationFluid ControlElectronic AutomationModule and System IntegrationSuppliersServices + SupportCareersAbout UsMission + VisionCorporate Overview + HistoryContact Us
Search
Search
My Wish List
Sign In
Compare Products
Skip to Content
Home
Privacy Policy
Applied Privacy PolicyContents:What does this Privacy Policy cover?
What information we collect How we use the information we collect
How we share the information we collect
International Privacy Laws
Cookies - what they are and how we use them
How we use email
Are minors allowed to purchase products on Applied Sites?
Applied Security Policy
Updates
Your rights
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) gathered in order to establish and extend business and employment relationship with Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Applied”, “we” or “us”), including but not limited to when you are using or accessing Applied websites and mobile applications (“Sites”) or information you have provided in other ways. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.
Applied Sites contain links to other sites that are not owned, maintained or operated by Applied. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Applied does not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications (“Third Party Services”), that you elect to access through Applied Sites or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access only to these Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access. The inclusion of a link from or to Applied Sites does not imply recommendation or sponsorship by Applied and Applied disclaims any liability for such links.
What information we collect
We receive and store any information that you enter on our Sites or provide in other ways. Several areas of our Sites allow you to make inquiries or request literature by filling out and submitting an online form.
Most of our Sites do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our Sites without telling us who you are. However, some services may require you to provide us with Personal Information. The information you submit during registration may include company information including address, , fax, email, contract information, user information, user comments and survey responses.
In order to establish a business or employment relationship or complete a transaction with Applied, you may be asked to provide information such as name, address, telephone, email address, banking information, credit card number and other relevant information. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Information requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of our Sites and for us to respond to your inquires, including but not limited to providing services, completing purchases or sales, performing marketing actions, and meeting our contractual obligations.
Standard server logs with IP addresses are collected as part of a business critical need to prevent fraud.
How we use the information we collect
We may gather information that helps show how customers use the Sites. For example, we might do research to determine which areas are accessed most frequently. The information we gather when you visit our Sites or provide in other ways may be used to improve the products we offer to our customers. In the end, we hope this information will help us build richly dynamic Sites and valuable services that not only fulfill all of our customers’ industrial product needs, but also provide an easy-to-use interface and an overall enjoyable shopping experience. In effect, we want to tailor our Sites and marketing profiling so that our customers receive more of what they want from us and less of what they don't want.
Our Sites are designed to build HTML pages dynamically and according to account information. Therefore, the information that is stored within our databases is retrieved so that only those registered and authorized users have access to their account information. Email information is requested so that we can email you the related transactional documents for your order and for transaction processing within the business context as implied in our buyer and seller agreements. All other data collected through emails is used to improve our marketing communications with you.
We release account and other Personal Information when we believe release is appropriate to: (i) comply with the law; (ii) enforce or apply our Terms of Access and other agreements; or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of Applied Sites, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information for purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
How we share the information we collect
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide us with personal information in order for us to prepare a tax return, we will use that information to prepare the return and submit it to the applicable taxing authorities.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To improve our website and present its contents to you.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
International Privacy Laws
If you are visiting Applied Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information, including Personal Information, to the United States. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside of your country of residence, depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. These countries, including the United States, may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however, our collection, storage and use of your Personal Information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Cookies – what they are and how we use them
Our Sites use "cookies," which are small pieces of information stored by your browser or other application on your computer's browser or hard drive. The cookies are used to connect your computer with information stored about your online activity, searches, preferences and product purchases both within the same website visit and from one visit to the next on Applied Sites and/or other websites. Some examples of this data may include your account preferences, user specific information on pages accessed, searched terms or addresses entered, and previous visits to the sites. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies or how to disable cookies altogether. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or receive a promotion tailored to you. The Applied Sites do not control and do not guarantee the effectiveness of browser-based tools for managing cookies.
Applied uses Google Analytics to monitor activity on our Sites. To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
How we use email
After you place an order on our Sites, you will receive an email confirmation of your order placement. You will receive these emails only if you have provided your email address.
In addition, we may use email for providing you with information on promotions, outages and other events. We also use email as a means of communicating with you. Please note that we do not sell email addresses to other companies.
Are minors allowed to purchase products on Applied Sites?
Applied Sites do not knowingly sell products for purchase by minors under 18 years of age. If you are under 18, you may purchase products on Applied Sites only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Applied Security Policy
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Tokenization of the entire credit card number is performed during order processing by third party. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, Applied can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Updates
Applied may update this policy from time to time. Updates will be posted on our Sites and will be effective as of the date of posting. We ask that you check our Sites periodically for updates to this and other policies.
Your rights
You can contact us at any time to:
Request access and portability to information that Applied has about you
Correct any information that Applied has about you
Delete specific data permanently or restrict for processing or transferring to third parties that Applied has about you
Object to processing of any Personal Data you provided, including but not limited to automated decision-making and profiling for marketing purposes.
California Residents Click Here to lean how we process information in accordance with California Law.
If you have any questions about Applied’s collection and storage of data, please contact us at:Phone: 800-655-6552
Website: www.applied.com
Email: dataprotection@applied.com
Postal Address: Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.
Attn: Joan Greene, Assistant General Counsel
One Applied Plaza, Cleveland, Ohio 44115
© Copyright 2019 Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved. (Rev. 12/17/2019)
Automation, Fabrication, Integration