http://www.weinsteinspira.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Weinstein Spira & Company, P.C. has adopted the following Privacy Policy in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and professional standards of confidentiality:
Weinstein Spira & Company, P.C. collects certain nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications, tax organizers, worksheets and other documents;
Information you authorize us to receive from brokerage firms, law firms, other CPA firms, banks, mortgage companies, the Internal Revenue Service and/or other authorized third parties.
The information referenced above is collected for the purpose of providing you tax and/or accounting services. The accountants and staff of Weinstein Spira & Company, P.C. hold your nonpublic personal information in confidence and will not release such information to third parties, except as required or permitted by law or authorized by you.
We employ and maintain physical, electronic and procedural security measures to safeguard your nonpublic personal information and restrict its disclosure to those of our firm or third party service providers who need to know such information in order to provide the services you request.
Weinstein Spira & Company, P.C. will dispose of its records that contain nonpublic personal information by modifying the personal information to make it unreadable or undecipherable. We may make nonpublic personal information unreadable or undecipherable by erasing, shredding or other means. We may also dispose of nonpublic personal information by contracting with a vendor engaged in the business of disposing of records (in the same manner described above) that contain confidential information.
We may update or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time and without prior notice to you. We will post a prominent notice on this site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate on the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.
PHONE 713.622.7000 | FAX 713.843.4800
| EMAIL email(at)weinsteinspira.com
Click HERE to read our Privacy Policy | ©2020 Weinstein Spira