http://www.american-awards.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
0 items - $ 0.00
/
Sign in
or
Checkout
USD
CAD
GBP
Terms and Conditions
Your Privacy
American Trophy & Award Company shares your concern regarding online transactions. We are committed to providing you with the latest in online security & one of the strongest privacy policies in the business.
Your Information
We only collect as much information as is needed to provide you with our products, services, and to maintain quality control regarding your shopping experiences. We may collect the following:
The domain names of www.american-awards.com visitors
If you place an order, request a catalog, or contact us, this information may include your name, address, e-mail address, pertinent telephone numbers, and credit card information if a purchase is completed
Navigational data such as the number of visits per page, length of visit, and other traffic issues regarding our website.
Your Email Address
When you provide us with your email address, we may use it to contact you regarding important aspects of your order or catalog request. You may receive occasional e-newsletters from us alerting you to upcoming events or sales which may be of interest to you (instructions on how to unsubscribe are included with each newsletter). It is our intention to use your email address as another way of providing excellent customer service. If at any time you would like us to remove your email address from your customer profile, please contact us at 213-553-9334.
Cookies
Cookies are bits of information that a website stores on your hard drive. We use cookies to keep items in your shopping cart. For example, if you begin to place an order by adding a few items to the shopping cart, then return to our site a few days later to complete the order, all of your previously entered information will still be in the shopping cart.
Sharing Information
American Trophy & Award Company does not rent or sell our customer information to any other companies. We understand that our relationships with our customers are based on trust & an expectation of superior service. We feel that selling or renting customer information would be a violation of the relationship we try so hard to build & protect.
Comments
As always, American Trophy & Award Company welcomes your feedback. If you have any comments or concerns regarding our Security & Privacy Policy or anything else we do, please contact us at 213-553-9334 or info@american-awards.com
Your shopping cart is empty.
Subtotal
$ 0.00 USD
View Cart
Checkout
Academic & Music Trophies
Academic Medals
Acrylic Trophies and Awards
Award Plaques
Award Plaques - Premium Line
Award Plaques - Value Line
Baseball Medals
Baseball Trophies
Basketball Trophies
Bowling Trophies
Bowling Trophies
Color Crystal Awards
Crystal & Metal Awards
Crystal Diamond Awards
Crystal Flame Awards
Crystal Globe Awards
Crystal Golf Awards
Crystal Obelisks
Crystal Paperweights
Crystal Star Awards
Crystal Star Awards
Crystal Star Awards
Crystal Trophies and Awards
Crystal Vases & Bowls
Crystal-d Awards
Cup Trophies
Dance Trophies
Designer Art Glass
Executive Collections
Executive Gifts
Financial Embedment's
Football Trophies
Frontpage
Gavel Award Plaques / Gavels
Glass Awards
Glass Plaques
Golf Trophies
High Relief Medals
Jade Glass
Lucite Embedment Cube
Lucite Embedment's
Lucite Embedment's
Lucite Pyramids & Circles
Lucite Rectangles
Lucite Rectangular Blocks
Lucite Squares
Martial Arts Trophies
Military Plaques
Music Medals
Optic Crystal Awards
Optic Crystal Golf Awards
Perpetual Plaques
Police & Fire Plaques
Premier Glass Eagle Awards
Prism Elite Crystal Collection
Promotional Buttons / Badges
Promotional Products
Religious Trophies
Ribbons & Rosettes
School / Sports Plaques
Soccer Trophies
Starfire Clear Glass Awards
Trophies
Wall & Desk Clock Collection
Wall Clocks