http://www.aghlc.com/common/terms-and-conditions.aspx
Insights straight to your inbox
About
Our story
Our people
Our mission & principles
Our achievements
Services
Assurance & attest
Business & individual tax
Compensation
Corporate finance
HR compliance & consulting
Organizational development & family business
Outsourcing
Retirement plan
Specialized tax solutions
Succession & exit planning
Technology & cybersecurity
Wealth management
Industries
Agribusiness
Construction
Energy
Financial institutions
Government
Manufacturing & distribution
Not-for-profit
Private equity
Vehicle dealership
Resources
Insights
Useful links
COVID-19 resources
Careers
AGH University
Contact
Usage of our site
While you're visiting,
we have a few rules to abide by.
Home
Terms & conditions
Usage terms and conditions for AGHLC.com
By accessing this website, you agree to the terms and conditions of use as outlined in this document.
Content ownership and use
All materials on this website are owned and copyrighted or licensed by AGH and may not be reproduced or distributed except as follows:
You may view, display, print and link to content contained on the site, as long as the material is not changed in meaning and remains clearly identifiable as belonging to and copyrighted by AGH and use is personal and non-commercial.
Third-party sites
This site contains links to additional resources for your reference, but those links do not constitute an AGH endorsement of those sites’ content, nor is AGH responsible for external sites to which we are linked.
General information only
This site contains general information for your convenience on a broad array of topics, but it is not intended to provide accounting, legal, tax, or any type of professional advice. Any advice contained in this material is not intended or written to be tax advice, and cannot be relied upon as such, nor can it be used for the purpose of avoiding tax penalties that may be imposed by the IRS or states, or promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein.
Site limitations
Although we make a significant effort to review all material on the site for accuracy and relevance and we believe that it is correct at the time it is posted, changes in regulations, laws and other factors, occur frequently and we cannot guarantee that material contained on the website remains accurate, error-free, current, or complete. We reserve the right to make updates and changes to the site and the terms and conditions of use without notice, and the site may contain typographical or technical errors or errors of omission. We also cannot guarantee that while accessing our website, your computer will remain free of viruses, computer security issues or other technology concerns.
Due to these limitations and the general nature of the material contained, AGH does not make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the site, the operation of the site, the materials or the results that may be obtained from use of the site. AGH assumes no liability or responsibility for use of the site’s content. AGH will not be liable for damages of any kind related to use of the site, and users agree to hold AGH harmless.
Privacy policy and data exchange
Please review our privacy policy.
AGH considers client data highly confidential and has established a secure document exchange system so that confidential information may be transmitted safely between AGH and those with whom we share data. Data transmission through unsecured email systems cannot be considered confidential, and we cannot ensure the privacy of such systems. Please contact your AGH professional for guidance on how to use AGH’s secure document exchange portal to send any important documents or information.
Contact Us
×
Phone
844.577.1122
Mailing Address
301 N. Main Street
Suite 1700
Wichita, Kansas 67202