http://www.eurodisplay.com/en/privacy-policy.html
Menu
Giant LED Screens
Advertising LED Screens
Front Service LED Screen
Rear Service LED Screen
Front & Back Service LED Screen
Rental
About our modular cabinet for rental
Indoor cabinets
Outdoor cabinets
Led screens for sport
About led screens for stadiums and sport facilities
Perimeter Led screen
Giant led billboard
Scoreboard
Pharmacy solutions
About our led pharmacy crosses
Full color programmable crosses
Green programmable crosses
Animated multicolor crosses
About our other products for pharmacies
Smart signs
Shop window screens
Monolith Info Point
Store and malls
About led screens for malls and shops
Led signs
Shop window screens
Indoor wall display
Info points
Indoor totem
Totem
About our totem
Outdoor led totem
Indoor led totem
Lcd totem
Special products
Our company
About us
Quality certifications
The Guide to Advertising Screens
Blog & news
Faq
Glossary
Installations photogallery
Contact us
- Italian
Offers
Privacy Policy
The collection and use of data provided through this website is performed exclusively according to these terms
PRIVACY POLICY
A) INFORMATION ABOUT THE PRIVACY POLICY OF THIS SITE
Below you can find all the basic information pursuant to art. 13 D.Lgs. 30.06.2003 n. 196 (hereinafter, "Privacy Code") and to EU regulation 679/2016 (hereafter, "GDPR") regarding the processing of your personal data by Euro Display Srl in connection with your browsing on our website and using the services offered.
B) DATA PROCESSING
1. Object of the treatment
The Data Controller processes personal, ide and non-sensitive data (for example, but not limited to, name, surname, company name, address, telephone number, e-mail address - hereinafter, "personal data" or even "data") communicated by you on the occasion of the registration on this website (hereinafter, "Site"), of participation in opinion polls and approval, of the completion of registration forms through the Site at events or webinars organized by the Data Controller, of the on-line request for clarifications or requests for support and for sending newsletters.
2. Purpose of the processing
Your personal data are processed:
A) without your express consent (Article 24 letter a), b), c) Privacy Code and art. 6 lett. b), e) GDPR), for the following Service Purposes:
• to manage and maintain this site;
• to allow you to use any of the Services requested by you;
• participation through the Site in initiatives organized by the Data Controller (for example, events);
• to process a contact request;
• to fulfill the obligations established by law, by a regulation, by the community legislation or by an order of the Authority;
• to prevent/ discover fraudulent activities or malicious activities harmful to the Site;
• to exercise the rights of the owner, for example the right to exercise a right in court.
In the cases indicated above, the legal basis for processing your personal data consists in executing a contract with you or in providing the service you have specifically requested or in following up a legal obligation or protecting our legitimate interests.
B) with your specific and distinct consent (articles 23 and 130 of the Privacy Code and article 7 of the GDPR), for the following Other Purposes:
• to send you via e-mail, post and/or sms and/or telephone contacts, newsletters, commercial
communications and/or advertising material on products or services offered by the Data Controller and collection of your satisfaction level with the quality of services;
3. Processing Methods
The processing of your personal data is carried out with operations indicated in art. 4 of the Privacy Code and art. 4 n. 2) GDPR and more precisely: collection, registration, organization, storage, consultation, processing, modification, selection, extraction, comparison, use, interconnection, blocking, communication, cancellation and destruction of data. Your personal data are subjected to both paper and electronic and/or automated processing.
4. Duration of processing and data retention times
The Data Controller will process the personal data for the time necessary to fulfill the aforementioned purposes and in any case for no more than 10 years from the termination of the relationship for the purposes of service.
5. Security measures
The Data Controller has taken a variety of security measures to protect your data against the risk of loss, misuse or alteration. In particular: has adopted the measures referred to in Articles 32-34 of the Privacy Code and art. 32 GDPR; uses data encryption technology and protected data transmission protocols.
6. Access to data
Your data may be made accessible for the purposes referred to in art. 2.A) and 2.B):
• to the employees and collaborators of the Data Controller, to fullfill their job inside the company;
• to third-party companies or other entities that carry out outsourced activities on behalf of the Data Controller, as data processors.
7. Communication of data
Without your specific consent (pursuant to Article 24 letter a), b), d) Privacy Code and art. 6 lett. b) and c) GDPR), the Data Controller may communicate your data for the purposes referred to in art. 2.A) to Supervisory Bodies, Judicial Authorities and to all the other subjects to whom the communication is mandatory by law for the accomplishment of said purposes. Your data will not be disclosed.
8. Data transfer
The management and storage of personal data will take place in Europe, on servers located in Italy and France that are property of the Data Controller himself and/or third-party companies appointed as Data Processors.
9. Nature of the provision of data and consequences of refusal to reply
The provision of data for the purposes referred to in art. 2.A) is mandatory. In their absence, we can not guarantee you neither the registration to the Site nor the services of the art. 2.A).
The provision of data for the purposes referred to in art. 2.B) is optional. You can therefore decide not to give your data or to subsequently deny the possibility of processing data already provided: in this case, you can not receive e-mail invitations to events, newsletters other communications. In any case you will continue to be entitled to the Services referred to in art. 2.A).
10. Rights of the interested party
You have the rights set forth in art. 7 of the Privacy Code and art. 15 GDPR and precisely the rights of:
• obtain confirmation of the existence or not of personal data concerning you, even if not yet registered, and their communication in an intelligible form;
• obtain the indication: a) of the origin of personal data; b) of the purposes and methods of the processing; c) of the logic applied in case of treatment carried out with the aid of electronic instruments; d) of the identification details of the owner, the managers and the designated representative pursuant to art. 5, paragraph 2 of the Privacy Code and art. 3, paragraph 1, GDPR; e) the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be communicated or who may become aware of it, in their role of designated representative in the territory of the State, managers or agents;
• obtain: a) updating, rectification or, when interested, integration of data; b) the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which the data were collected or subsequently processed; c) the attestation that the operations referred to in letters a) and b) have been brought to the attention, also as regards their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or disseminated, except in the case where such fulfillment is it proves impossible or involves a use of means manifestly disproportionate to the protected right;
• object, in whole or in part: a) for legitimate reasons, to the processing of personal data concerning you, even if pertinent to the purpose of the collection; b) to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of sending advertising or direct sales material or for carrying out market research or commercial communication, through the use of automated call systems without the intervention of an operator by e-mail and/or through traditional marketing methods by telephone and/or paper mail. It should be noted that the right of opposition of the interested party, set out in point b) above, for direct marketing purposes through automated methods extends to traditional ones and that in any case the possibility remains for the data subject to exercise the right to object even only partially. Therefore, the interested party can decide to receive only communications using traditional methods or only automated communications or none of the two types of communication.
Where applicable, you also have the rights referred to in Articles 16-21 GDPR (Right of rectification, right to be forgotten, right of limitation of treatment, right to data portability, right of opposition), as well as the right of complaint to the Supervisory Authority (Privacy Guarantor).
11. How to exercise rights
You may at any time exercise the rights referred to in point 10) above by sending:
• a registered letter to Euro Display Srl, Via Mahatma Gandhi n. 21, 10051 Avigliana (TO);
• an e-mail to privacy@eurodisplay.com.
12. Minors
This Website and the Services of the Data Controller are not intended for minors under the age of 18 and the Data Controller does not intentionally collect personal information about minors. In the event that information on minors were unintentionally registered, the Data Controller will delete them in a timely manner, at the request of users.
13. Data Controller, manager and agents
The Data Controller is Euro Display Srl, with registered office in Via Mahatma Gandhi n. 21, 10051 Avigliana (TO), VAT IT06279920018 (hereinafter "Holder"), E-mail info@eurodisplay.com.
The updated list of data processors is kept at the Data Controller's headquarters.
14. Place of jurisdiction
Any dispute that shall arise shall be solved by arbitration in the City of Turin, Italy.
15. Changes to this Information
This information may change. It is therefore advisable to regularly check this information and refer to the latest version. The updated version of the privacy policy is published on this page, with indication of the date of its last update.
Last updated on 24 May 2018.
Download a copy of our Personal Data Protection Policy.
COOKIES
The cookies might be used to keep track of commissions to affiliates and to monitor the access to the website. The Visitor/Customer openly agrees to the use of cookies in order to make tests and statistics to determine which search engine, internet website, key words etc... bring the Visitor/Customer on the website, which pages are visited, which browser are used etc... Different providers might be used for this reason. Collecting such information will help the website promotion, the improvement with more useful and interesting content and the identification of areas of development.
Automatic collection of non-personal data
When using the Site non-personal information may be collected (for example, the browser you used to visit the site). When you visit the Site cookies could be installed on your computer. The cookie does not allow in any way to identify you and will only record anonymously information about the consultation of the Site in order to allow better access to the Site or for statistical reasons. Your computer will let you block cookies, although this could result in incorrect display of some pages.
The computer systems and software procedures for running this site automatically could acquire, during normal operation, some personal data that are later sent implicitly through the Internet communication protocols.
This is information sometimes could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, identify users/visitors (eg. IP address, domain names of computers used by users/visitors connecting to the site, etc.).
These data are used only to obtain statistical information (anonymous) and to check the proper functioning of the site. They are deleted immediately after processing. No data from the web service will be communicated or spread, except to fulfill the obligations required by laws, regulations or laws.
Google analytics privacy policy
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies which are text files that are placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but this may prevent you from using all the features of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information read Google's privacy policy here .
Cookie Law
Legislative Decree 69/2012 e 70/2012 (Italian Law)
COOKIE
TYPE
DURATION
DESCRIPTION
Cookie Header
Persistent
1 year
In the header of each page on this web site you will see a message alerting you of our privacy and cookie policy. If you saw this message once and our communication is clear, you probably don't want to read it on every page. We use a cookie to remember your acceptance and do not show it again later. User data is anonymous.
Google Analytics
To understand how people use our site, and to identify problems, we use Google Analytics. Most web sites use a kind of analysis program such as this. The data collected helps us to see how many people visit our site, the country from which they come, how many pages they visited, how fast our site is loaded, and so on.
Can I block the installation of cookies?
You can configure your web browser to prevent the acceptance of cookies from all web sites or only certain sites .
The links below describe how to change cookie settings for major browsers . More information is available in the help menu of the browser .
Cookies settings in Chrome
Cookies settings in Firefox
Cookies settings in Internet Explorer
Cookies settings in Safari (Mac)
Cookies settings in Safari (iPhone / iPad)
REMOVAL/CANCELLATION
The Visitor/Customer can at any time move against the treatment of his/her/its data from the Company by communicating his will to the contacts below. In case, the Company reserves the right to proceed with the data treatment in order to current laws and not starting any new initiative with the Visitor/Customer.
Euro Display Srl – Via Gandhi, 21 – 10051 Avigliana, Torino – Italy
Tel: +39/011-954-1015 – Fax: +39/011-954-1017 – Email: privacy@eurodisplay.com
Registered Office: Via Rivoli, 11 – 10090 Rosta, Torino – Italy
In particular it is highlighted that providing the data is mandatory for anything requested by legal and contractual obligations and therefore the refusal to provide them might determine the impossibility for the Company to continue the contractual relationship. The refusal to provide data not related to legal and contractual obligations shall be evaluated time by time by the Company and it will determine the subsequent decisions related to the importance of the data requested in relation to the management of the business relationship.
GOVERNING LAW
Any distupe that shall arise shall be solved by arbitration in the City of Turin, Italy.
COOKIES
The cookies might be used to keep track of commissions to affiliates and to monitor the access to the website. The Visitor/Customer openly agrees to the use of cookies in order to make tests and statistics to determine which search engine, internet website, key words etc... bring the Visitor/Customer on the website, which pages are visited, which browser are used etc... Different providers might be used for this reason. Collecting such information will help the website promotion, the improvement with more useful and interesting content and the identification of areas of development.
Automatic collection of non-personal data
When using the Site non-personal information may be collected (for example, the browser you used to visit the site). When you visit the Site cookies could be installed on your computer. The cookie does not allow in any way to identify you and will only record anonymously information about the consultation of the Site in order to allow better access to the Site or for statistical reasons. Your computer will let you block cookies, although this could result in incorrect display of some pages.
The computer systems and software procedures for running this site automatically could acquire, during normal operation, some personal data that are later sent implicitly through the Internet communication protocols.
This is information sometimes could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, identify users/visitors (eg. IP address, domain names of computers used by users/visitors connecting to the site, etc.).
These data are used only to obtain statistical information (anonymous) and to check the proper functioning of the site. They are deleted immediately after processing. No data from the web service will be communicated or spread, except to fulfill the obligations required by laws, regulations or laws.
Google analytics privacy policy
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies which are text files that are placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties unless required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but this may prevent you from using all the features of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information read Google's privacy policy here .
Cookie Law
Legislative Decree 69/2012 e 70/2012 (Italian Law)
COOKIE
TYPE
DURATION
DESCRIPTION
Cookie Header
Persistent
1 year
In the header of each page on this web site you will see a message alerting you of our privacy and cookie policy. If you saw this message once and our communication is clear, you probably don't want to read it on every page. We use a cookie to remember your acceptance and do not show it again later. User data is anonymous.
Google Analytics
To understand how people use our site, and to identify problems, we use Google Analytics. Most web sites use a kind of analysis program such as this. The data collected helps us to see how many people visit our site, the country from which they come, how many pages they visited, how fast our site is loaded, and so on.
Can I block the installation of cookies?
You can configure your web browser to prevent the acceptance of cookies from all web sites or only certain sites .
The links below describe how to change cookie settings for major browsers . More information is available in the help menu of the browser .
Cookies settings in Chrome
Cookies settings in Firefox
Cookies settings in Internet Explorer
Cookies settings in Safari (Mac)
Cookies settings in Safari (iPhone / iPad)
REMOVAL/CANCELLATION
The Visitor/Customer can at any time move against the treatment of his/her/its data from the Company by communicating his will to the contacts below. In case, the Company reserves the right to proceed with the data treatment in order to current laws and not starting any new initiative with the Visitor/Customer.
Euro Display Srl – Via Gandhi, 21 – 10051 Avigliana, Torino – Italy
Tel: +39/011-954-1015 – Fax: +39/011-954-1017 – Email: privacy@eurodisplay.com
Registered Office: Via Rivoli, 11 – 10090 Rosta, Torino – Italy
In particular it is highlighted that providing the data is mandatory for anything requested by legal and contractual obligations and therefore the refusal to provide them might determine the impossibility for the Company to continue the contractual relationship. The refusal to provide data not related to legal and contractual obligations shall be evaluated time by time by the Company and it will determine the subsequent decisions related to the importance of the data requested in relation to the management of the business relationship.
GOVERNING LAW
Any distupe that shall arise shall be solved by arbitration in the City of Turin, Italy.
4108
Customers
21148
Products Installed
39
Years of Experience
35
Countries Served