https://www.filtec.com/terms-conditions/
Newsletter Sign-Up
Request A Quote
Toggle navigation
Filtec | Inspect Detect Protect
Call Us Today! (888) 434-5832 | askFILTEC@filtec.com
Solutions
Glass Inspections
PET Inspections
Can Inspections
Case Inspections
Laser Coding
Customized inspection solutions
Inspection Types
Support
Parts & Service
Company
About
Careers
Events
News
Resources
Articles
Blog
Case Studies
Solutions Notes
Contact
Newsletter Sign-Up
Request A Quote
Terms & Conditions
Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on FILTEC’s web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on FILTEC’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by FILTEC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials on FILTEC’s web site are provided “as is”. FILTEC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, FILTEC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations
In no event shall FILTEC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on FILTEC’s Internet site, even if FILTEC or a FILTEC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on FILTEC’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. FILTEC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. FILTEC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. FILTEC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
FILTEC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by FILTEC of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
FILTEC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to FILTEC’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of CA without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
×
Close
×
FILTEC uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and to serve targeted advertisements. By clicking [I AGREE] you agree to FILTEC processing your personal data. Please read our
PRIVACY POLICY
for more information. You can withdraw your consent to FILTEC processing your personal data at any time by clicking [WITHDRAW CONSENT]. Read about our
COOKIE POLICY
here.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Subscribe to Newsletter