http://www.healthpak.co.nz/about-us/client-privacy-policy/
We are 100% operational and here to support you.The factory is busy producing food and soap and the office is operational, albeit remotely. If you need anything please email office@healthpak.co.nz and we’ll be back in touch just as soon as we can.
×
Home
Products
Hotel and Motel Supplies
Guest Amenities
Customised Amenities
Food and Beverage
Housekeeping
Mini Bar products
Eco Amenities
Airline Products
Airline Snacks, condiments and cutlery packs
Airline Hair and Body Care
Promotional Products
NZ Made Promotional items
Cafe Supplies
Cafe Consumable Portion Control Products
CONTRACT PACKAGINGWe package your product
We design and package your product
Our environmentalcommitment
About Us
News
Contact Us
About Us
›
Client Privacy Policy
Client Privacy Policy
We recognise and respect your privacy.
Cookies
Cookies are used to identify website visitor activity, for example, which pages they visit and where they came from.
There are two types of cookies. A persistent cookie which, for example, helps identify whether you have visited our website before. A second type of cookie known as a session cookie is used for example to identify your country of origin.
Cookies, which are used by most websites, are used by us to track visitors in order to collate summary data. This information, such as identifying the pages you visit, is only used at a summarised and aggregated level. The cookies do not collect personal data.
This anonymous traffic data is only used by authorised staff and users.
If at any stage you are concerned about cookies, they can be prevented and deleted through your internet browser.
Personal Information
(As Required) Any personal information we receive through emails or other communication is stored securely and will not be used by anyone other than authorised staff and users.
(As Required) Other personal information is captured to facilitate your orders. This information is confidential to authorised users. Like all personal information captured on this website, it is only used for the intended use, that is, to transact your order and ensure its safe and secure delivery.
If you have any questions with respect to this privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
About Us
Meet The Team
Customer Feedback
Press
Environmental
Health Pak’s Environmental Policy
Client Privacy Policy
Latest Articles
Soap Co & The Health Benefits of Coconut Oil
10 Nov, 2020
Retail-style dispensers offer big environmental savings
20 Oct, 2020
HealthPak supports Fairtrade for a Better World
25 Sep, 2020
See all news
Share this page
We design and package your product
Cafe SuppliesPromotional ProductsContract Packaging
Hotel & Motel Supplies
Guest Amenities
Customised Amenities
Food and Beverage
Housekeeping
Mini Bar products
In Room Dispensers
Airline Provisions
Airline Snacks
Airline Hair and Body Care
Environmental
Our Environmental Commitment
We can help you go green
About Us
Meet The Team
Customer Feedback
Press
Client Privacy Policy
SITEMAP (xml)
HealthPak Limited
+64 9 579 6268
info@healthpak.co.nz
PO Box 12772
Penrose, Auckland
New Zealand 1642
Follow us
Website by PS/digital