https://www.generalsouthwest.com/about/privacy-policy/
Menu
PRODUCTS
Business Insurance Products
Personal Insurance Products
Cyber Threat Protection
Employee Benefits
Life, Health and Disability
Mexico Insurance for Auto, Home and Watercraft
SERVICE
Claims Contacts
Client Portal
Request for Certificate
Loss Form
Answers and Advice
Auto Quote
Home Quote
ABOUT
Company
Team Members
Reviews
NEWS & EVENTS
Newsletter
Blog
Current Events
ASK AN ADVISOR
CLIENT PORTAL
Privacy Statement
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc only has access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide via info@generalsouthwestinsurance.com or other direct contact from you. General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc will only use your information to respond to you, regarding the information in your direct request. Your information will not be shared with any third party outside of this organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc not to, you may be contacted via info@generalsouthwestinsurance.com in the future to be informed about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc at any time by using the info@generalsouthwestinsurance.com address or phone number given on this website:
See what data has been collected about you, if any.
Change/correct any data collected about you.
Have General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc delete any data stored about you.
Express any concern you have about use of your data.
Security
General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc collects sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, your information is also protected offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which personally identifiable information are stored is in a secure environment.
If you feel that this privacy policy is not being adhered to, you should contact General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc via telephone at (480) 990-1900 or info@generalsouthwestinsurance.com.
Client Testimonials
Insurance for Mexico
Request for Consultation
Site Links
Ask an Advisor
Carrier Customer Service/ Claims
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Social Media
Contact
General Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc
(480) 990-1900
5628 E. Thomas Road
Phoenix, AZ. 85018
Licensing
License # 1234567890