http://www.farmsincanada.ca/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
At Royal LePage RCR Realty we respect the privacy of our clients and we are committed to keeping your personal information accurate, confidential, secure and private. We have adopted the following Privacy Policy to ensure that we continue to meet its commitment to your privacy.
The following sections, read as a whole, comprise our Privacy Policy:
Introduction
The Ten Principles of Privacy
Application of the Ten Principles
The kind of information we collect
How we use your information
When can we disclose your personal information?
Who we share your information with
How we safeguard your information
Web site security
Accessing your personal information
Opting Out
Cookies
Questions, Concerns and Complaints About our Privacy Policy
Introduction
We provide a variety of products and services to the public, including, but not limited to: Real estate brokerage services; real estate agency services advising with respect to real estate purchase and sale, home leasing, property management or other real estate advisory services. In the course of providing these products and services, we may collect, with their consent, certain personal information about our clients.
“Personal Information” means information about an identifiable individual client. This may include without limitation, the individual’s name, home address, email address, age, gender, income,, personal preferences and other information about his or her family. Personal information does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.
Our Privacy Policy is based on, and complies with, Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), which includes the Ten Privacy Principles outlined in the Canadian Standards Association Model Code for the Protection of Personal Privacy. For more information about this legislation, please visit the official Web site of the Privacy Commission of Canada at http://www.privcom.gc.ca.
This Privacy Policy describes the ten principles that we follow to ensure that we protect our clients’ personal information when we collect, use or disclose it in the course of carrying on commercial activities in Canada. All of our employees who have access to personal information must adhere to the Privacy Policy and related procedures. To this end, we have appointed a Privacy Officer to ensure compliance by all employees.
The Ten Principles of Privacy
The following ten principles govern our actions as they relate to the use of our clients’ personal information:
Principle 1 – Accountability
Principle 2 – Identifying Purposes
Principle 3 – Consent
Principle 4 – Limiting Collection
Principle 5 – Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Principle 6 – Accuracy
Principle 7 – Safeguarding Personal Information
Principle 8 – Openness
Principle 9 – Client Access
Principle 10 – Addressing Client Complaints
Principle 1 – Accountability
We are accountable for all personal information in our possession or custody, including personal information disclosed to third parties for purposes of providing services requested by our clients or employees.
Principle 2 – Identifying Purposes
We will inform you of the purposes for which we are collecting any personal information, before or at the time the information is collected.
Principle 3 – Consent
We will obtain consent from our clients before or when we collect, use or disclose their personal information.
A client’s consent can be express, implied, or given through an authorized representative. A client can withdraw consent at any time, with certain exceptions. We may, however, collect, use or disclose personal information without the client’s knowledge or consent in exceptional circumstances where such collection, use or disclosure is permitted or required by law.
Principle 4 – Limiting Collection
The information collected from the client will be limited to those details necessary for the purposes we have identified to the client. Information will be collected by fair and lawful means.
Principle 5 – Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Personal information will only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless the client has otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Personal information may only be retained for the amount of time needed to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected.
In certain exceptional circumstances, we may have a legal duty or right to disclose personal information without client knowledge or consent with respect to matters that concern the company’s or the public’s interest.
Principle 6 – Accuracy
We will keep personal information as accurate, complete and current as necessary to fulfil the identified purposes for which it was collected. Clients may have this information amended where it is found to be inaccurate or incomplete.
Principle 7 – Safeguarding Personal Information
Personal information is safeguarded using measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Principle 8 – Openness
We will make information available to our clients about the policies and procedures we use to manage personal information. Clients have access to this information through our Web site, or through alternate means if requested.
Principle 9 – Client Access
Upon written request, a client will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of their personal information, and will be given access to it. We will respond to such requests as efficiently as possible. If we are prohibited from providing such access we will explain the reasons for the lack of access, except where prohibited by law.
Principle 10 – Addressing Client Complaints and Suggestions
Clients may challenge Royal LePage RCR Realty’s compliance with this Privacy Policy. Royal LePage RCR Realty has policies and procedures to receive, investigate and respond to clients’ complaints and questions. Clients may contact the Royal LePage RCR Realty Privacy Officer to express any concerns or to request access to their personal information. The contact information for this individual is provided below.
Application of the Ten Privacy Principles – How we treat your personal information:
The kind of information we collect:
We gather and use personal information in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested; namely, personal information required to effectively market and sell the property of sellers; to locate, assess and qualify properties for buyers; and to otherwise provide professional and competent real estate services to clients. We may also use your personal information to offer additional products or services that you may be interested in. Providing us with your personal information is your choice, however, we may not be able to provide you with certain products or services if you do not provide us with certain information. For example, we may not be able provide you with certain products or services if we do not have your contact information or if you withdraw your consent to disclose your contact information to our supplier or partners who provide some of the products or services you may require.
The nature of your request will determine the kind of personal information we might ask for. Information that is typically required to provide you with our products and services includes:
Name, Address, Phone number(s), Email Address
We may keep a file with your contact history to be used for client inquiry purposes so that we may ensure that you are satisfied with the products and services which we have provided to you and can continue to serve your real estate needs.
If you visit the Royal LePage RCR Realty (Farms in Canada) Web site, we will not collect personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it. All information that you do provide us with is securely maintained and kept strictly confidential. This Privacy Policy does not apply to aggregated data from which it is not possible to determine the identity of a specific individual. We reserve the right to use aggregated data in any way that it determines appropriate. This Privacy Policy does not apply to aggregated data from which it is not possible to determine the identity of a specific individual. Royal LePage RCR Realty reserves the right to use aggregated data in any way that it determines appropriate.
How Your Information Is Used
At Royal LePage RCR Realty we use personal information for three general purposes:
To communicate with you in order to provide you with our products and services. Some services may be provided by third party suppliers to better serve your needs.
To monitor our level of service and report back to you to ensure your satisfaction with the provision of such services.
For inclusion in documentation relating to your particular real estate transaction.
We will only use personal information for the purpose that we have disclosed to you. If we want to use your information for a different purpose, we will notify you and ask for your consent first.
When Can We Disclose Your Personal Information?
We are obliged to keep your personal information confidential except under the following circumstances:
(i)When Authorized by You
(ii)When Required by Law
(iii)When Permitted by Law
(i) When Authorized by You
Many of the services offered by us require us to obtain personal information about you in order to perform the services we have been engaged to provide. We will use this information to tailor programs to meet your needs and objectives. We will always obtain consent from you first, and we will never use the information for purposes other than those we have told you about. You may also withdraw your consent at any time, subject to any legal implications (which we will inform you about). In some cases, if you do no consent to our use or disclose certain personal information we may be unable to continue to provide all or part of the services you have requested.
(ii) When Required by Law
The type of information we are legally required to disclose usually relates to government tax reporting requirements. However in some cases, such as under a court order, we may be required to disclose certain information to persons specified in the court order. We will only provide the specific information requested and only upon being satisfied that the authorities have legitimate grounds to request the information.
(iii) When Permitted by Law
The legislation has provided certain situations where we are legally permitted to disclose personal information without your consent. Examples include situations involving the collection of debt in arrears, medical emergencies, or suspicion of illegal activities.
With Whom We May Share Your Information
(i) Employees
In the course of daily operations, access to sensitive personal information is limited to those employees with a legitimate reason for accessing it. As a condition of their employment, our employees are required to follow all applicable laws and regulations, including this Privacy Policy.
Unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential client information by one of our employees is prohibited and may result in disciplinary measures.
(ii) Affiliates
In order to better meet your needs, we may share some of your personal information with our affiliates. We will only do this with your express consent and you may withdraw this consent at any time. The procedure for withdrawing consent is outlined below under the section “Opting Out”.
(iii) Third Party Suppliers
As you may know, we may engage and coordinate third party suppliers to provide you with certain services offered through Royal LePage RCR Realty.
Such suppliers are only given the information that is needed to provide the specific service for which we contract them to provide. Suppliers are contractually bound to protect the confidentiality of your personal information, and they are prohibited from doing anything with this information that we have not authorized them to do They are required to treat your personal information in a manner consistent with the our Privacy Policy.
(iv) Sale of BusinessWe may transfer your personally identifiable information to a third party in connection with a sale, merger or other disposition (whether of assets, stock or otherwise) of our business.
How We Safeguard Information
Royal LePage RCR Realty has extensive controls in place to maintain the security of its information and information systems. Client files are stored according to the sensitivity of the information contained therein. Appropriate controls (such as restricted access) are placed on our computer systems and data processing procedures. Physical access to areas where personal information is gathered, processed or stored is limited to authorized employees.
When you telephone a Royal LePage RCR Realty employee to speak about your file, you may be asked for some personally identifying information. This type of safeguard is designed to ensure that only you, or someone authorized by you, has access to your file.
Web Site Security
In order to serve you better, we offer clients access to certain information through our Web site.
a)http://www.farmsincanada.ca provides general information about Royal LePage RCR Realty (Farm Team) and the products and services it offers.
Accessing and Amending Your Information
As a client, you have the right to access the personal information we keep in your file and you have the right to verify or amend the information if it is shown to be inaccurate. If you would like to view the personal information held in your file, please make a written request to the Privacy Officer at the address listed below, under “Questions, Concerns and Complaints”. We will respond to your request as efficiently as possible.
To make a change, please make a similar request in writing to the Privacy Officer.
Opting Out
In order to provide you with our services and products, we may, with your consent, share your personal information with other Royal LePage RCR Realty affiliates. Should you not want to receive promotional materials from or have your personal information shared with these companies please contact Royal LePage RCR Realty at the address, phone number or email address provided below:
75 First Street, Suite 14, Orangeville, Ontario, L9W 2E7
519-941-5151 or info@farmsincanada.ca
Anonymous Information and “Cookies”
When you use our Web site, we may collect anonymous information about you. This means that the information collected cannot be traced back to a specific person. For example, our Web servers may record certain information automatically when you visit our Web site. This information is collected using “cookies” and might include the pages you visited, your IP (Internet Protocol) address and other site usage statistics. This anonymous information is used for research and analytical purposes only (like evaluating how many visitors our Web sites receive or which pages they visit most often). It does not reveal any personal information about you, the user. This aggregate data may be disclosed to third parties, but never with personally identifying information.
“Cookies”
“Cookies” are small text files that contain a unique identification number that allows our computers to identify your Web browser (but not you) each time you visit one of our Web sites that uses cookies. The information helps us improve the functionality of the site and enhance the navigation and security of your session. Cookies cannot be used to collect sensitive information about you or data residing on your computer. Most major Web sites use this technology and most browsers are set up to accept them.
You may configure your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, and you may refuse to accept them entirely. However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you may limit the functionality that we can provide to you when you visit our site.
Questions, Concerns and Complaints
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about your personal information, or about the our Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer using the contact information provide below:
Contact - Bill Wildeboer, Broker of Record
About Us
Services
History
Our Team
Partners
Advertise
Farms For Sale
Property For Sale