https://www.righttracfg.com/privacy-policy/
Main Menu
TODAY’S RATES
PURCHASE ASSISTANT
REFINANCE ADVISOR
State Licenses
Apply Now
Additional Links
Loan Options
Calculators
Debt Consolidator
Satisfied Customers
Ask An Expert
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; and
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We may share all the information that we collect, as described above, with our affiliates. By sharing this information, we can better serve your financial needs. If you do not wish for us to share this information with our affiliates you may contact us.
We may disclose the following information to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as your account balance, payment history, and parties to transactions;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency, such as your creditworthiness and credit history.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations in order to guard your nonpublic personal information.
How Can We Help?
Real Estate Marketplace
Home Search
Dream Home Request
Featured Properties
Home Value Comparisons
Find A Realtor
The loan approval process has never been as easy.
Get Started
LICENSING
Right Trac Financial Group Trac Financial Group, Inc.
Mortgage Broker License Number: MB2709
Licensed in: Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, Florida, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont and Licensed by the New Hampshire Banking Department
Social Media
Contact Us
Address
110 Main Street
Manchester, CT 06042
Main Number:
(860) 647-7701
Links
About
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Glossary