https://www.breezway.com.au/privacy/
Breezway and Jeld-Wen Louvre Windows Australia Privacy Policy
1800 777 758
designassist@breezway.com.au
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
About Breezway
Doing Business with Breezway
Business Introduction
Sales Material
Purchasing
Design Assist
Testimonials
Australia
Breezway Ghana
Breezway Hawaii
Breezway Indonesia
Breezway Malaysia
Breezway New Zealand
Breezway Philippines
Breezway Singapore
Breezway Thailand
Breezway
Vietnam
Search for:
Inspiration
Design with Breezway
Project Profiles
Ideas Gallery
Video Showcase
Brochures
Product Selection Guide
Products/Technical
Altair Louvres
Altair Louvres Introduction
Customising Options
Dualair Component System
Powerlouvre Automated Windows
Stronghold System
Energy Efficiency
Warranty
Testimonials
FAQ
Frame Types
Frame Types Introduction
Altair in Other Frames
Easyscreen System
Innoscreen System
SL2 System
Dualair Component System
Compliance
Compliance Introduction
AS2047 Product Performance Warranty
Fall Prevention
Window Energy Ratings
Louvres Adjacent to Swimming Pools
Bushfire Prone Areas
Acoustics
Apartment Window Replacement
CPD Tutorials
CPD Webinars
Technical
Technical Introduction
Product/Technical Downloads
Altair Installation Videos
Care & Maintenance
Checklist & Specification
View/Buy
Buying Assistance
Where to Buy
Product Selection Guide
Articles
Articles Introduction
News
Advice
Energy Efficiency
Sign Up
Contact
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 22/02/2019 JELD-WEN Australia Pty Limited (“JELD-WEN”) respects your rights to privacy protection under the Privacy Act 1988 and is required to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles in respect of the collection, use, disclosure and handling of personal information. This Policy details the practices we have adopted to protect your privacy, so that you can feel confident about how we manage the personal information you entrust to us. By providing your personal information to JELD-WEN, you consent to its use, storage and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to the JELD-WEN sites that link to this policy. Please see https://www.jeld-wen.com.au/about and click on the JELD-WEN Windows and Doors tab for a complete listing of sites.
Why does JELD-WEN collect personal information? “Personal information” is information or an opinion (including information forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in material form or not, about an individual whose identity is reasonably apparent, or can be reasonably ascertained, from the information or opinion. JELD-WEN collects personal information in order to properly and efficiently carry out its functions, including to provide you requested products and services, and to facilitate the provision of marketing and promotion services that may be of interest to you.
JELD-WEN uses personal information only for the purposes for which it was provided and for directly related purposes (unless otherwise required by or authorised under law). We may state a more specific purpose at the point we collect your information. If you do not provide us with the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services.
What personal information does JELD-WEN collect? JELD-WEN may collect your personal information (such as name; email, phone number, date of birth, credit card details, postal address or communication history with JELD-WEN) when you interact with our company. JELD-WEN typically does not collect sensitive information. If it is reasonably necessary in the circumstances, JELD-WEN may collect sensitive information, and where you provide sensitive information you also provide consent to the collection in accordance with this Privacy Policy, unless you tell us otherwise. How does JELD-WEN collect and hold personal information? Information may be collected when you:
contact us with an enquiry or request a quotation via email, telephone or mail or engage with JELD-WEN via social media; request that we provide our products and/or services to you; apply for a credit account with us, or from credit reporting agencies or organizations that you have nominated as trade references; subscribe to any publication of JELD-WEN including electronic publications; provide details to JELD-WEN in an application, consent form, survey, feedback form or incident report; enter personal information into, or agree to having your personal information entered into, one of JELD-WEN’s online systems; use our referral service to tell a friend about our website; or apply for employment with JELD-WEN or a JELD-WEN affiliate.
Your personal information is never shared, sold, rented or otherwise disclosed outside the company (save for any statutory or legal requirement) in ways different from what is described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection from third parties
JELD-WEN may also collect information from a JELD-WEN affiliated company, such as Stegbar, Airlite, Corinthian Doors, William Russell, Regency, Kolder, Breezway, Aneeta and A&L. When you provide information to JELD-WEN or an affiliate, it may be entered into JELD-WEN’s database, and the information may be combined or linked with other information held. JELD-WEN may collect your name and email address from a referring friend via our referral service. On our behalf, our service provider will automatically send you a one-time email inviting you to visit the site.
We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.
If you no longer wish to receive promotional information or newsletters from us, click the ‘unsubscribe’ link which appears at the bottom of each communication. Personal information may also be collected where JELD-WEN is required to do so by law (for education, child protection, work health and safety laws, charitable collections, medical treatment or other legislation in Australia). JELD-WEN website
When you visit the JELD-WEN website, our systems may record certain information about your use of the site, including the web pages visited and the time and date of their visit. We use this information to help analyse and improve the performance of our website. In addition we and our service providers may use “cookies” on our website. Cookies are small text files that assist our website retain user preferences to improve the experience of using our website. In some cases, the cookies that we use may collect some personal information. You are free to disable cookies on your internet browser to prevent this information being collected; however, you will lose the benefit of the enhanced website experience that the use of cookies may offer. We and our marketing analytics service providers also use other technologies such as beacons, tags and scripts. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash to store content information and preferences. To manage Flash LSOs please click here.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here  note this does not opt you out of being served ads.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
Our website includes social media features. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. We will treat personal information collected via our websites and online systems in the same way as other personal information we collect. However, websites linked to our website are not subject to our privacy standards, policies or procedures. JELD-WEN cannot take any responsibility for the collection, use, disclosure or security of any personal information that you provide to a third party website. Providing information If you do not provide some or all of the information requested, this may affect our ability to communicate with you or to provide the requested products or services. If it is impracticable for JELD-WEN to deal with you as a result of you not providing the requested information or consent, we may refuse to do so. Information storage and protection JELD-WEN stores information in different ways, including in paper and electronic form. Security of personal information is important to JELD-WEN. We have taken reasonable steps to protect the information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Some of the security measures we have implemented to maintain the security and integrity of the personal information we hold include the use of computer access passwords, lock-up cabinets and firewalls on our systems, and security measures for our website. How does JELD-WEN use and disclose personal information? Use JELD-WEN, and third parties to whom we may disclose personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may collect, hold and use your personal information to:
verify your identity;
administer and manage our products and services, and to provide a quotation or provide our products and services to you;
research, promote and market our products and services, and market products, services and special offers made available by us and third parties;
complete background checks and assess your suitability to obtain a credit account with us; and
research, develop and improve our products and services.
Disclosure
JELD-WEN may disclose your personal information to a range of organisations which include, but are not limited to:
JELD-WEN affiliates and other organisations in Australia;
companies we engage to carry out functions and activities on JELD-WEN ‘s behalf, including direct marketing and database administration;
our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
our insurers; credit providers and credit reporting agencies for credit-related purposes such as credit history; and in other circumstances permitted by law.
In some circumstances personal information may also be disclosed outside of Australia, for example, information disclosed to JELD-WEN parent companies in the USA or European Union. The countries to which JELD-WEN discloses information overseas are subject to privacy laws which reflect the principles for fair handling of the information that are suitably similar to the Australian Privacy Principles. Where we disclose information overseas, we will use our best endeavours to ensure such parties handle the information in accordance with the standards set out in the Australian privacy laws Direct marketing We may use non-sensitive personal information to provide better services and for marketing purposes. If you do not wish to receive e-mail, SMS or posted offers from us, you may opt-out by using the link provided. Alternatively, you may advise us at any time by contacting the JELD-WEN Privacy Officer via the contact details set out in this policy. Other disclosures In addition, we may also disclose personal information:
With your express or implied consent; when required or authorised by law; to an enforcement body when reasonably necessary; or to lessen or prevent a threat to an individual or public health or safety.
Accessing and seeking correction of information held by JELD-WEN
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, we rely on the accuracy of personal information as provided to us both directly and indirectly. We encourage you to regularly review and update your personal information. If you would like to access the personal information that we hold about you, please let us know by making a request via the contact details set out below. We will respond to your request for access within a reasonable period. If you find that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will correct it.
Resolving privacy issues and complaints Any issues or complaints in relation to the collection, use, disclosure, quality, security of and access to your personal information may be made to the JELD-WEN Privacy Officer at this address: Privacy Officer
JELD-WEN Australia Level 3, 78 Waterloo Road MACQUARIE PARK, NSW, 2113 Email: feedback@jeld-wen.com.au We will respond to your complaint within a reasonable period, usually within 30 days, and try to resolve your complaint for you. If we are unable to resolve your complaint or you are unhappy with the outcome, you can contact:
the Office of Australian Information Commissioner via its enquiries line 1300 363 992 or website http://www.oaic.gov.au/ to lodge a complaint;
For further information on JELD-WEN’s management of personal information, please contact us. JELD-WEN may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective.
Home
Inspiration
Altair Louvre Windows
Frame Types
Compliance
Technical
View/Buy
Articles
Contact
Privacy
Business
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram
© 2020 Breezway Australia Pty Ltd, ABN 24 081 897 823
® and TM Denotes a Trademark owned by the Breezway Group of Companies