http://www.barthlab.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Barth Dental Laboratories
Socialize With Us
Facebook
Linkedin
Google Plus
RSS
Served the dental profession for fifty years
Call us Today:
855-654-3352 We are Available 24/7 a day
HomeAbout
Monthly Tips
Newsletter
History
Our Team
Prident Dental Lab | Barth Dental Lab | Partnership
Testimonials
Products
Bruxzir/Zirconia Crowns
Captek Crowns
Cercon HT From Dentsply
Crown and Bridge
Dental Implants
Diagnostic Wax-Ups
E.S.I.T. (Easy Scan Implant Technology)
E.S.I.T. Compatibility Chart
Full Cast Restoration
Full Dentures
IPS e.max
IPS Empress
Metal Ceramic PFM
Radica Provisional Crown
Twilight Zone Bite Splint
Valplast flexible partials
Vitallium 2000
Shipping
Packaging
Barth Rx
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
jgeorge@halogendesigns.com
jgeorge@halogendesigns.com
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.barthlab.com
7518 East 39th Street
Indianapolis, IN 46226
United States
t.george@barthlab.com
3175912600
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support help desk software.
Our Products
Join Us
Join Us
Subscribe
About Barth Dental Laboratory Barth Dental Laboratory has proudly served the dental profession for fifty years. Spanning three generations of family ownership, the business has grown from a one man denture laboratory to a full service dental provider. The tradition of delivering quality products at affordable prices established by the company’s founder Byron Barth still stands as the number one priority for the laboratory’s current President, Tom George and his son Chris, VP of operations.
Read More
Testimonials We have been using Barth Dental Lab for 23 years. They are always willing to go above and beyond to make our patients happy, which keeps us happy! Customer service is wonderful and their the products are the best!
Dr. Brad LaconiChesterfield, IN.
Quick Contact Barth Dental Laboratory7518 East 39th StreetIndianapolis, IN 46226
Toll Free: 1-855-654-3352Local Tel: 317-591-2600Fax: 317-591-2611
info@barthlab.com
Home
About
Products
Shipping
Blog
Contact Us
Socialize With Us
Facebook
Linkedin
Google Plus
RSS
© 2012 - Barth Dental Laboratory. All rights reserved.Web Design, SEO © Web Development by Halogen Designs