http://www.dominoplastics.com/customer-service.html#privacy
Home
Vinyl Sleeves
Clear Vinyl Sleeves
Heavy-Duty Vinyl Sleeves
Vinyl Sleeves w/ Adhesive
Tag/Ticket Holders
Job/Shop Ticket Holders
Vinyl Pouches
Vinyl Pouches
Pouches with Zippers
Vinyl Envelopes
Vinyl Pouches w/ Flap
Vinyl Menu Holders
Vinyl Menu Sleeves
Document Sleeves
Documents
Vinyl Document Sleeves
Binder Holders
Business Card Holders
Wallet Inserts
Wallet Inserts
Vinyl Wallet Inserts
Contact
Customer Service
Privacy
We never share or sell your information with anyone!
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the ‘do we use cookies?’ section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
• To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, simply send an email to sales@dominoplastics.com with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line and you will be removed from our mailing list.
Please allow one week for this to take affect. .
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at terms
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or send an email notifying you of any changes.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.dominoplastics.com
601 Gateway Court
Bakersfield, CA 93307
sales@dominoplastics.com
phone: 661-396-3744
Terms and Conditions
We never share or sell your information with anyone!
Updated March 2018
Terms and Conditions Contents
1. Introduction
2. Information on the Website
3. Trade Marks
4. External Links
5. Public forums and User Submissions
6. Specific Use
7. Warranties
8. Disclaimer of Liability
9. Use of the Website
10. General
1. Introduction
The Website Owner, including subsidiaries and affiliates (”Website”
or “Website Owner” or “we” or “us” or “our”) provides the information
contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website
(”website”) to visitors (”visitors”) (cumulatively referred to as “you”
or “your” hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in
these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which
may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
2. Information on the Website
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on
this website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or
content provider make any representations or warranties, whether
express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy,
completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price
information, research information, data and/or content contained on the
website (including but not limited to any information which may be
provided by any third party or data or content providers)
(”information”) and shall not be bound in any manner by any information
contained on the website. the Website Owner reserves the right at any
time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of
this website. No information shall be construed as advice and
information is offered for information purposes only and is not
intended for trading purposes. You and your company rely on the
information contained on this website at your own risk. If you find an
error or omission at this site, please let us know.
3. Trade Marks
The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trade
marks”) displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade
marks of the Website Owner. Nothing contained on this website should be
construed as granting any licence or right to use any trade mark
without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.
4. External Links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are
beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made
as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the
content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external
links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of
use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by
you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written
permission of the Website Owner. Please contact us if you would like to link to this website or would like to request a
link to your website.
5. Public Forums and User Submissions
The Website Owner is not responsible for any material submitted to
the public areas by you (which include bulletin boards, hosted pages,
chat rooms, or any other public area found on the website. Any material
(whether submitted by you or any other user) is not endorsed, reviewed
or approved by the Website Owner. The Website Owner reserves the right
to remove any material submitted or posted by you in the public areas,
without notice to you, if it becomes aware and determines, in its sole
and absolute discretion that you are or there is the likelihood that
you may, including but not limited to -
5.1 defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the
rights of other users or any third parties;
5.2 publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene,
indecent or unlawful material or information;
5.3 post or upload files that contain viruses,
corrupted files or any other similar software or programmes that may
damage the operation of the Website Owner’s and/or a third party’s
computer system and/or network;
5.4 violate any copyright, trade mark, other applicable the United States or international laws or intellectual property rights of the Website Owner or
any other third party;
5.5 submit contents containing marketing or promotional material which
is intended to solicit business.
6. Specific Use
You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message
or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent,
threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially
offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and you
hereby indemnify the Website Owner against any loss, liability, damage
or expense of whatever nature which the Website Owner or any third
party may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether
directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any
such message or material.
7. Warranties
The Website Owner makes no warranties, representations, statements
or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding
the website, the information contained on the website, your or your
company’s personal information or material and information transmitted
over our system.
8. Disclaimer of Liability.
The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all
liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or
consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever
which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your
company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or
indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information
contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information
or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular,
neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content
provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm
or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether
direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature
whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or
omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or
for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by
reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
9. Use of the Website.
The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that
information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction
(other than the United States ). By accessing the
website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner that you are
legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available
via the website.
10. General
10.1 Entire Agreement.
These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the
agreement between you and the Website Owner in relation to your use of
the website. Neither you nor the Website Owner shall be bound by any
express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like
not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website
terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments,
undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you
and the Website Owner in respect of your use of the website.
10.2 Alteration
the Website Owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and
conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the
website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current
version of the relevant terms and conditions (the “current version”)
and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall
be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for
reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
10.3 Conflict.
Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions
of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and
conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and
conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a
particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of
your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
10.4 Waiver.
No indulgence or extension of time which either you or the Website
Owner may grant to the other will constitute a waiver of or, whether by
estoppel or otherwise, limit any of the existing or future rights of
the grantor in terms hereof, save in the event or to the extent that
the grantor has signed a written document expressly waiving or limiting
such rights.
10.5 Cession.
The Website Owner shall be entitled to cede, assign and delegate all
or any of its rights and obligations in terms of any relevant terms and
conditions, policies and notices to any third party.
10.6 Severability.
All provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and
notices are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped
together or linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any
provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices,
which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to
voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason
whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that
it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining
provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices
shall remain in full force and effect.
10.7 Applicable laws.
Any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. You hereby
consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of the United States in respect of any disputes arising in connection with the website, or
any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or any matter
related to or in connection therewith.
10.8 Comments or Questions.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the
way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us.
Shipping Policy
Most orders ship within 5 business days. Orders that are made when you order, and over 25,000 pieces, may take up to 7-10 business days.
If you need expedited shipping, please let us know and we will work with you to develop a responsive schedule and partial shipments. We are here to make everything right.
Returns & Refunds
We work with you to ensure that the product that you order meets your needs and the specifications that we provide. We offer free samples so that you can confirm that our product meets and exceeds your needs and your expectations.
If there is any reason that you are not satisfied, please notify Iris at irisg@dominoplastics.com She reports directly to me for ensuring that our customers are satisfied with each and every order. We want to work with you to make each contact a joy.
Resellers
Our preferred reseller:
Everyday Plastics