http://www.technologyevaluation.com/terms-of-use
Software CategoriesERPERP SystemsERP VendorsERP Vendor Comparison ChartsERP Modules & Features ListERP RFP TemplatesERP PublicationsERP Experts SurveyBIBI ToolsBI VendorsBI Vendor Comparison ChartsBI RFP TemplatesBI Modules & Feature ListsBI PublicationsCRMCRM Software SolutionsCRM VendorsCRM Vendors Comparison ChartsCRM Modules & Feature ListsCRM Software RFP TemplatesCRM PublicationsHCMHCM Software SolutionsHCM VendorsHCM Vendor Comparison ChartsHCM Modules & Feature ListsHCM RFP TemplatesHCM PublicationsSCMSCM Software SolutionsSCM VendorsSCM Vendor Comparison ChartsSCM Modules & Feature ListsSCM RFP TemplatesSCM PublicationsAll CategoriesResearch ResourcesSoftware Selection ToolsVendor Comparison ChartsSoftware Modules and Features ListsSoftware RFP TemplatesPublicationsSoftware ReviewsIndustry ReportsBuyers GuidesBlog PostsCustomer Satisfaction ReportsCase StudiesVendor White PapersTEC's Decision Making SoftwareTEC CommunityERP Experts SurveyEventsSoftware SelectionServicesAbout Digital TransformationOur ClientsTEC's Decision Making SoftwareAbout UsAbout TECContact UsCampus ProgramCareersLog InCreate Accounten EnglishFrançaisEspañol
×
Get the latest enterprise software news and reviews from TEC.
Sign up today for free access to:
our latest industry news and analysis
detailed software solution reviews
buyer's guides and market research reports
software comparison tools
and more...
*Your E-mail will be your user name
I agree to receive TEC newsletters, E-mail alerts and other relevant E-mails from TEC and other firms contributing to and supporting this free information. I can withdraw my consent at any time.By clicking, I confirm that I have read TEC’s privacy policy and agree with it.
TEC may share my data with their partners.
At any time, I may request access to my data to alter or remove it from your systems.
I can modify my consent on use or restrict access to my data.
Communicate with TEC’s data protection officer here.
Already have a TEC account? Log in here
×
Please sign into your TEC account.
New to TEC?
Create an account now.
Forgotten password?
Send password
×
Please tell us more about yourself so we can send you the most relevant research from our library directly to your inbox.
×
Please enter a valid E-mail Address
Already have a TEC account?
Log in here
Terms Of Use
Definitions
The terms defined below shall have the following meaning throughout our web site:
'TEC': refers to Technology Evaluation Centers Inc.
'our web site': refers to
www3.technologyevaluation.com and its related sites, namely the Evaluation Centers web sites
Acceptance of Terms
The use of our web site constitutes acceptance of the present Privacy Statement. We may modify the Privacy Statement at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of our web site constitutes acceptance of the new conditions.
Acceptable Use
You must not use our web site for any illegal purposes. You shall be held responsible for any activity occurring using your user identification and password. Hence, you must notify us as soon as you suspect that the secrecy of your user identification and password has been compromised.
In order to access privileged areas of our web site, you undertake to provide TEC with accurate information.
Termination
TEC may suspend access, at its discretion, if it believes that you are not respecting the present Terms of Use.
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy online pursuant to the terms of our Privacy Statement.
No Advice
The information contained on our web site, including but not limited to white papers, articles, and the content of showcases and directories, is provided for strictly informational purposes, and should not, under any circumstances, be construed as advice.
Warranties
Screen shots of TEC evaluation software used on our web site may contain actual names of vendors. These names are merely used to demonstrate the software's output and are not intended, in any way whatsoever, to represent any evaluation of those particular vendors.
Except as specifically warranted in any license agreement entered into between TEC and its clients, any information provided on our web site, including but not limited to white papers, articles, and the content of Showcases and directories, is provided 'as is' without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, or arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade practice. TEC makes no warranties or representations regarding the accuracy or completeness of the information including but not limited to white papers, articles, and the content of showcases and directories.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall TEC be liable for any incidental, consequential, special, indirect, or similar damages, even if TEC has been informed of the possibility of such damages. The liability of TEC, its affiliates, agents, and licensors involved in providing information through our Web site, shall not exceed the amount you have paid to TEC in the twelve months immediately preceding the event giving rise to such claim.
Intellectual Property
All information, documents, logos, and images available on our web site are subject to copyright and trademark laws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not modify, copy, distribute, create derivative works, or make any repetitive, unattended, or automated requests to view, download, or print, the content posted on our web site, without our express written consent.
Requests to obtain reprints from TEC, which sells reprints of its research to its clients, at published prices, must be sent to reprints
You may use the information obtained from our web site strictly for discussion purposes, subject to the following conditions:
It must represent a non-substantial portion of the content;
It must be used in a non-electronic form, which excludes namely e-mail, Internet, and intranet;
It must be used for non-commercial purposes and without charge;It must be done on an occasional and irregular basis;
It must include all copyright and other proprietary notices, without modifying the form, and must include the mention: 'Used with the permission of Technology Evaluation Centers, Inc.'
In any other circumstance, you must obtain express written permission from TEC. In particular, requests to quote excerpts or reproduce and redistribute TEC materials should be sent to public relations.
Linking to our Website
You may only provide links to our homepage. We do not allow any deep linking or framing of our web site without our express written permission.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The Terms of Use must be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Quebec and the laws of Canada applicable herein. Furthermore, in the event of litigation, all proceedings must be commenced in and shall proceed in Montreal, Quebec (Canada).
Hypertext Links
TEC provides hypertext links to other web sites for your convenience. However, these links should not be construed as an endorsement of these web sites' content, products, or activities. Access to third party web sites from our web site is at your own risk.
Return and Refund of Digital Products Purchased
All purchases of digital products are final: We do not accept returns nor do we refund purchases of digital products. Such products include, but are not limited to:
RFP Templates
Software Comparison Reports
Decision-Support Software
Once you purchase a digital product, we make it available to you to download.
If you are unable to do so, please contact us; we will assist you in attaining all the benefits of the digital product you purchased.
Your Comments, Questions, and Complaints
For comments, questions or complaints regarding the present Terms of Use, you may contact Webmaster.
Interested in a better way to make software decisions?
Give us a call now: 1-800-496-1303 ext:404
Software Requirements Sets and Comparison Reports
Click here to leverage the experience of our 360 degree industry perspective