https://www.gma-cpa.com/terms-conditions?hsLang=en
Accounting
Area of Focus
Column 1
Business Valuation
Construction & Real Estate
Forensics & Litigation Support
Government Contractors
Healthcare
High Net Worth
Column 2
Manufacturing & Distribution
Nonprofits
Outsourced Accounting
Service Businesses
Technology for Businesses
Wealth Management
Column 3
Services
Column 1
Accounting
Assurance
Management Advisory
Tax Planning & Compliance
Technology Solutions
Wealth Advisory
Column 2
Column 3
Our People
Column 1
Work with the right people
We’re CPAs and advisors, but our clients know us as much more. Learn more about our people, including who has two Elvis-style jumpsuits, who likes to iron, and who almost chose a career at Friendly’s Ice Cream over a career in accounting.
Column 2
Column 3
Success Stories
Column 1
What our clients are saying
Putting our clients first is our top priority, but don’t take our word for it. Read success stories about how we’ve helped our clients grow.
Resources
Column 1
Free downloads
Check out our library of free resources, including whitepapers, eBooks, calculators, industry reports and more!
Events
Come say hello at one of the many events we participate in throughout the year.
Pricing
Column 1
FAQs about our fees
Learn what you can expect as a client, and about our approach to pricing.
Blog
Column 1
The Gross Mendelsohn blog
Get the latest updates in accounting, tax, business and more from our CPAs and advisors.
Careers
Column 1
Join our team
Being in business for 60+ years has taught us one big lesson – our firm succeeds because of our people. Check out our open positions and learn why our people love working at Gross Mendelsohn.
Technology Consulting
Solutions
Column 1
Cloud and On-Premise ERP and CRM Systems
Microsoft Dynamics 365
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Sales and Marketing (formerly Microsoft Dynamics CRM)
Microsoft Dynamics GP
NetSuite
PointClickCare
Sage 100cloud (formerly MAS90/200/100c)
Sage 300cloud (formerly Accpac/300c)
Sage CRM
Sage Support Plans
Networking
Virtual CIO
Planning and Purchasing
Remote and Onsite Support
Design and Deploy Solutions
Proactive Monitoring
Managed Services
Business Continuity and Data Backup
Secure@Home
Column 2
Cyber Security
Cyber Security for Government Contractors
Cyber Security for Healthcare Organizations
Business Intelligence & Custom Reporting
Dashboards
Sage Intelligence
Microsoft PowerPivot & Power BI
Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services
Crystal Reports
Integrations & Development
Dynamics GP Integration Manager, eConnect & Restful Services
Scribe
Custom Integrations
Custom Applications
Column 3
Microsoft Cloud Productivity and Team Collaboration
Microsoft Azure Cloud Hosting
Microsoft Exchange Online
Microsoft Office 365
Microsoft SharePoint
Microsoft Teams
Hybrid Deployment
Skype for Business
Industries
Column 1
Construction
Healthcare
Manufacturing and Distribution
Nonprofit
Service Businesses
Process
Column1
Our Tried and True Process
We're not simply focused on the sale, and we won't pull a disappearing act on you once the deal is closed. Our team is committed to working with you as your partner in finding success.
About
Column 1
Our Team
Success Stories
Careers
Resources
Column 1
Our Resource Library
All the content you want from a library, but without the smell and sassy librarians.
Blog
Column 1
The Technically Speaking Blog
World-class insights from Gross Mendelsohn's technology consultants for executives, IT managers, and everyone in between.
GGM Wealth Advisors
About
COVID-19
Terms and conditions of use
Access to and use of this website (“Gross Mendelsohn website”) is provided subject to the following terms and conditions, which may be amended from time to time at Gross Mendelsohn’s sole discretion.
By accessing and using the Gross Mendelsohn website, you agree to these terms and conditions.
Copyright
The information, artwork, text, video, audio, and images (collectively, “information”) contained on the Gross Mendelsohn website are the copyrighted works of Gross, Mendelsohn & Associates, P.A., or its affiliates, vendors or suppliers. All rights reserved.
Use
Except as otherwise indicated, you may view, copy, print and distribute the information available on the Gross Mendelsohn website subject to the following conditions:
The information may be used solely for personal, non-commercial or educational purposes.
You may not modify or alter the information in any way without express written permission from Gross Mendelsohn.
If you share information from the site, you must include a citation of the source, including the name of the author (if sharing a blog post or other piece of content with an author’s name), name of the firm, and the firm’s website. For example: By David Goldner, CPA, of Gross, Mendelsohn & Associates www.gma-cpa.com
Any copy of any information or any portion thereof must include any copyright notice originally included with the information.
The information does not include design or layout of the Gross Mendelsohn website, elements of which are protected by law and cannot be copied or imitated.
Warranties and Disclaimers
The information contained in the Gross Mendelsohn website is for general guidance on matters of interest only. The application and impact of laws can vary widely based on the specific facts involved. Given the changing nature of laws, rules and regulations, and the inherent hazards of electronic communication, there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in information contained in the Gross Mendelsohn website. Accordingly, the information on the Gross Mendelsohn website is provided with the understanding that the authors and publishers are not herein engaged in rendering legal, accounting, tax, or other professional advice and services. As such, it should not be used as a substitute for consultation with professional technology, accounting, tax, legal or other competent advisors. Before making any decision or taking any action, you should consult a Gross Mendelsohn professional.While we have made every attempt to include on the Gross Mendelsohn website information obtained from reliable sources, Gross Mendelsohn is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of this Information. All information in the Gross Mendelsohn website is provided “as is,” with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of performance, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will Gross Mendelsohn, or the partners, principals, agents or employees thereof be liable for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information in this site or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The Gross Mendelsohn website may contain links to third-party websites, which are not under the control of Gross Mendelsohn. Gross Mendelsohn provides these links as a convenience only and Gross Mendelsohn does not intend these links to be endorsements or referrals of these linked sites. Gross Mendelsohn does not accept any responsibility for the content or uses of these linked websites. Gross Mendelsohn assumes no liability for any damages you may suffer from visiting such linked websites, including without limitation, damages caused by computer viruses or other destructive/disruptive code which may be downloaded from such linked websites.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to Gross Mendelsohn’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Gross Mendelsohn may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Trademark Information
The Gross, Mendelsohn & Associates, P.A. name and the Gross Mendelsohn, Technology Solutions Group, and GGM Wealth Advisors logos are the property of Gross, Mendelsohn & Associates, P.A. All other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. You may not use any of Gross Mendelsohn’s logos without express written permission of Gross Mendelsohn. If you are interested in using our trademarks, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
You may view Gross Mendelsohn’s privacy policy here.
Questions
If you have questions or comments, call Gross Mendelsohn at 800.899.4623 or email us.© Copyright 2018 Gross, Mendelsohn & Associates. All Rights Reserved.
Questions?
Use the form below to contact us.