http://www.americanleather.com/privacy-policy/
Home
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for AmericanLeather.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated January 21, 2019.
Our Commitment to Privacy
The AmericanLeather.com website is operated by American Leather Operations, LLC (“we”, “our” us”). This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.americanleather.com, https://www.comfortairchair.com, https://www.americanleatherhp.com, and almresources.com, and all other websites linking to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Site.
We recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit the Site, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Your Acceptance of this Privacy Policy/Changes to this Privacy Policy
By using or accessing the Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy is subject to change without prior notice. For that reason, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to make note of the date of the most recent revision. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
The Information We Collect
“Personal information” is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. Personal information we collect may include name, address, email address, phone number and zip code. Personal information may be collected when you register or submit information on the Site. We also collect traffic data through the use of general tracking information and click path tracking (cookie technology) described below.
When you interact with us through various social media, for example, by visiting our Facebook page, we may collect information including your email address, location and other biographical information. The information we receive from your social network depends on your privacy settings. You should always review, and, if you prefer, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Site.
Forms and Registering; Browsing
In order to register or make requests to receive materials on or through the Site, you may be required to provide personal information such as your name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. For example, if you “Subscribe to Our Mailing List”, we will ask that you provide your email address. If you correspond with us or submit comments or suggestions, your personal information may be included in our internal database system. If you are browsing the Site, you can create wish lists and bookmark pages for later when you register with the Site.
Job Applicants
If you apply to a job with us through the Site, you will be required to create an account. Certain information is optional, but you must provide your full name and email address, in addition to creating a user name and password. You will also be required to provide us with your phone number and address in order to submit an application. As part of the job application process, you will be asked to tell us about your employment and education history, job and salary requirements, age, work authorization, and certain information about criminal offenses. You may also submit information to us that would ordinarily be contained in a resume. If you provide us with references, you agree that you have permission from the reference to provide us with such information and for us to contact the reference.
Traffic Data
When you visit or interact with the Site, we, as well as our service providers, may use assorted technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Site is accessed and used. We refer to this information as traffic data.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (“internet protocol”) address, your ISP (“internet service provider”), the browser you used to visit the Site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited the Site and which pages you visited throughout the Site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
A “cookie” is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Site uses cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of the Site, and their Site access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using websites that collect them, with the drawback that certain website features may not function properly without the aid of cookies. We use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit the Site. This could include only showing you a pop-up once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features.
Web beacons, also known as pixel tags and clear GIFs, are electronic images that allow a website to access cookies and help track marketing campaigns and general usage patterns of visitors to those websites. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information, such as cookie numbers, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page where the web beacons is placed. Through web beacons, we may collect information such as:
Internet browser, operating system, IP address, date of visit, time of visit and path taken through the Site.
Internal use of web beacons. We may use web beacons internally to count visitors and recognize visitors through cookies. Access to cookies helps us personalize your experience when you visit the Site.
Email. We may include web beacons in HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you. Web beacons in email messages helps us determine your interest in and the effectiveness of such emails.
External use of web beacons. We may also use web beacons externally. For example, we may report aggregate information about visitors, such as demographic and usage information, to our affiliates and other third parties. We may also include other company’s web beacons within the Site.
Google Analytics and Other Tracking Software
We utilize Google Analytics and other tracking software, such as Hotjar, to gather data on web users to all web addresses within the americanleather.com domain.
To opt-out of Hotjar, please click here.
We have also enabled Google Analytics Advertising Features, which include:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and identifiers
We have enabled Google Analytics to collect data traffic data on the Site with Google advertising cookies and identifiers. We do not facilitate the merging of personal information with traffic data collected through any Google feature.
We also use Google AdWords for personalized advertising (formerly known as interest-based advertising). This allows us to collect data that facilitates more targeted advertising content delivery to users based on sites they have visited and behaviors they have taken on the Site.
We use traffic data we gather to better understand how users find and use the Site and to better understand how our products are researched. This data is not sold to other companies.
If you do not wish to have any your information to be collected about you through Google Analytics software, you can opt out of Google’s advertising tracking cookie or use a browser plugin to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software.
The Way We Use Information
We use personal information to respond to your emails, questions, comments and suggestions, to run promotions (e.g., to notify you if you have been selected as a potential winner of a contest or sweepstakes), provide customer support, and send you emails or mailers about the Site, new products, special deals or other similar matters (such as newsletters), in accordance with your preferences (see “How to Access Your Information or Opt Out” section below).
We also use information we collect through the Site to learn more about how our visitors use the Site and to measure areas of interest. This information allows us to build features and functionality that will enhance your experience.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design the Site. For example, we can tell that X number of individuals visited a certain area on the Site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
How We Share Information
We share your information with service providers, contractors and sub-contractors to help us provide the Site, products, events and services. For example, we may use a service provider to provide analytics or use third-party software to manage our email distribution system. When we use service providers we provide limited access to your information so that such service provider can perform the tasks on our behalf. If you make a request for more information about one of our retailers or about a fabric, we may share your information with such retailer or fabric partner.
In the event that we are acquired by or merge with a third-party entity, or sell all or substantially all of our assets, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information and content we have received and collected from visitors to the Site as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if that information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, treaty, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity. We also may disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any agreement with us, including our Terms & Conditions.
Do Not Track Requests; Third-Party Tracking
Unless your browser settings are configured to make your online activities and publicly available information about your online activities (such as traffic data as described above) invisible to usage analytics tools, we do not presently have the capability to omit you from usage analytics to the extent your browser sends us a “do not track” message. More information about “do not track” is available at www.allaboutdnt.org concerning such information.
Third parties, other than our service providers (such as our website analytics providers) do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior to and after visiting the Site. That said, we cannot control third-party tracking and there may be some third-party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To protect personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration, we use reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, and us and you will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. We are not liable for the damages or effects of such breach.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never knowingly collect or maintain information from anyone under 13 years old, and no part of the Site is structured or intended to attract anyone under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of any such individual, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. Children under the age of majority in any jurisdiction outside of the United States should not provide any personal information without their parent’s consent.
California Privacy Rights
California law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or with corporate affiliates for those entities direct marketing purposes. We do not provide any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. If you want to request a notice or have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us by clicking here to email us. If we change this policy, we will update this provision and provide instructions on how you may make a request for details. If any other state enacts a similar law as the California law, then this provision will also apply to such state.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information or Opt Out
You can access all your personal information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us click here to email us. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
When you register with us, or if you provide additional personal information through the Site, we provide you with the right to “opt out” of receiving future communications from us for direct marketing purposes by indicating that you decline such communications.
If you’ve subscribed and later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent simply by clicking the link to “unsubscribe.” You may choose to have your name taken off of our email list after you have registered or provided additional information by emailing us.
You can correct factual errors in your personal information by sending us a request to marketing@americanleather.com that credibly shows error.
We may also ask you to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Links to Third-Party Websites
The Site may contain links to other sites. We provide these links to you as a convenient method of accessing information that may be useful or of interest to you. This Privacy Policy and the practices that we follow under this Privacy Policy do not apply to the websites of any third party. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy, or opinions expressed on any third-party website or for the privacy practices or security standards used by third parties on their respective websites. You understand and agree that by clicking on a link to a third party’s website, you have left the Site and the Privacy Policy on the Site is no longer in effect. If you navigate to a third party website from the Site, we strongly encourage you to review and become familiar with that third party website’s own privacy policy and statements.
International Users
The Site is hosted in the United States. If you are accessing the Site from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Site, which is governed by United States law (which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country), you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
For purposes described in this Privacy Policy, personal information may be transferred to, processed, stored, and accessed by us, our affiliates, and our service providers in the United States and in jurisdictions where any of us may operate. Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personal information. By using or accessing the Site, you consent to this transfer, processing, storage, and access of your personal information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking here to email us.
×