https://www.chevalinsurance.com/payment-privacy-policy
Payment Privacy PolicyPRIVACY STATEMENT
Our company (“AGENCY”) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the AGENCY website and governs data collection and usage. By using the AGENCY website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Our AGENCY website collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. AGENCY website may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information relative to your computer hardware and/or software that may be automatically collected by the AGENCY. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by the AGENCY for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of our website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the AGENCY’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. AGENCY does not read any of your private online communications.
The AGENCY encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Keep in mind, the AGENCY is not responsible for the privacy statements or content of these other websites.
Use of your Personal Information
The AGENCY collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you have requested. The AGENCY also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from the AGENCY and its affiliates. The AGENCY may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The AGENCY does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. AGENCY may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e¬mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, AGENCY may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to AGENCY, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
AGENCY does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. The AGENCY may keep track of the websites and pages our customers visit within the AGENCY, in order to determine what AGENCY services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
AGENCY will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AGENCY or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AGENCY; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AGENCY, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The AGENCY website uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a webserver in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the AGENCY services or other websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
The AGENCY secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. AGENCY secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Changes to this Statement
AGENCY will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. AGENCY encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how AGENCY is protecting your information. AGENCY welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us. We will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.