https://www.bdcinvestor.com/disclaimer/privacy/
Privacy Policy -- Last Updated 5/25/2018Canadian Residents and European Union Residents See Canadian and European Union Residents Privacy PolicyBNK Invest, Inc., the owner and operator of BDC Investor ("BNK", "us" or "we") is concerned about online privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose any personal information that individually identifies you (e.g. your name, address, phone number, e-mail address).
Personal information means any information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name or business contact information of an employee of an organization. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you, as a visitor to this website, can make about the collection and use of your personal information. We will only collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of our Terms of Use, which outline the terms and conditions you agree to when accessing and using this website. By accessing and using this website, you agree and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. What personal information do we collect?We may collect personal information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us through a number of features available on this website.
For example, we may ask you to provide personal information if you:*	register for a contest or other promotion;*	register as a user of this website;*	ask to receive online information from us or our advertisers; *	ask to receive newsletters;*	ask to receive relevant sponsored content and emails from our advertisers;
*	otherwise participate in features of our website that ask for personal information. In addition, if you purchase or otherwise request a product, publication, or promotional offering from us you may be required to provide your contact and/or payment information (such as a credit card number) in order for us to process your request.Your participation in any of these activities is voluntary and we will only use the personal information you provide for the purposes for which it was collected.
For example, we may use the personal information you provide to: respond to your questions or comments; administer our promotions and sites; fulfill your request, subscription or order; and/or to otherwise provide or improve our products and services. We may send you notices of changes to our Privacy Policy. We provide an on-going opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out of contact by emailing info@bnkinvest.com or calling 516-605-2277.Email. All of our emails are sent only to those who have agreed to our opt-in policy. By registering with BDC Investor and entering your email address, you agree to receive our company's newsletters which include advertisements for various paid subscriptions, free email reports, and other related offers. You agree to receive information about our various products and services, or other products and services that we believe may interest you. By registering to receive our email, you also agree to receive email announcements and special offers from our advertisers, affiliates and partners. In the event you elect to receive a special offer from an advertiser we will provide your information so that the advertiser can deliver the offer. In the event you do not want an advertiser to have your personal information, then do not sign up for that advertiser's offer.
We monitor the behavior of your email through the use of embedded tracking pixels and may track opens, clicks and other actions on emails sent.You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from receiving e-mail or other communications at any time. Each e-mail includes an opt-out feature and instructions on how to un-subscribe if you do not wish to receive future e-mails from us for these purposes.Push Notifications. All of our push notifications are sent only to those who have agreed to opt into receiving them. By opting into push notifications, you agree to receive our company's alerts/pushes which include advertisements for various paid subscriptions, free email reports, and other related offers. You agree to receive information about our various products and services, or other products and services that we believe may interest you. By opting into receiving push notifications, you also agree to receive announcements and special offers from our advertisers, affiliates and partners. In the event you do not want an advertiser to have your personal information, then do not sign up for that advertiser's offer. You will always have the opportunity to "unsubscribe" from receiving push notifications at any time.Mail. We may collect your postal address. We may use it to send you Special Reports you have requested and special offers from BNK. We may provide the names and postal mailing addresses of our subscribers to carefully screened companies who offer products, services or information that we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not want to hear from our carefully selected partners, send a copy of your mailing label to BNK Invest, Inc. 500 North Broadway, Ste 265, Jericho, NY 11753, USA, Attention: Subscriptions. If you contact one of our representatives through this website, we may ask you for personal information such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address so that we can respond to your questions or comments. How do we gather data by automatic means?We collect IP addresses for site security and to help us understand how people use the site. We use cookies which contain bits of information that websites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. We may give your browser a cookie.In addition to cookies, we may use web beacons which allow us to count users who have visited specific pages or access certain cookies. We may use web beacons to count and recognize users, conduct research on behalf of some partners on their websites, and for auditing purposes. In addition, we may use this method to aggregate information about users, including demographic and usage information. Our advertising networks that serve ads on our site may also use web beacons in their advertisements. Any image viewed as part of a web site including an ad banner, can act as a beacon.We use IP addresses for working on technology problems, maintaining security, displaying advertising or content to particular users, analyzing the ways in which people use the site and how we can improve it, and for reporting to advertisers about aggregate information from IP addresses.We use cookies to gauge our audience size and patterns. We use cookies to target content and ads based upon user interests. Our advertising networks may place or use a unique cookie on your browser.We may use third-party networks to serve advertisements on the site and in our emails. These third-parties may use cookies, and/or similar technologies. BNK does not control or access these cookies. Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies.If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some customized features on this website. Cookies do not collect or contain your personal information.Internet tags, graphic tags and similar web beacon type functions allow us to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page or to access certain cookies. We may use web beacons on this website to count users and to recognize users by accessing our cookies. Being able to access our cookies allows us to personalize this website and improve your experience at this website. We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened. Like cookies, web beacons do not collect or contain your personal information.How do we share personal information?Except as described below, we do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to third parties the personal information we collect on this website.
At times we provide your personal information to joint promotion partners and third parties who provide services on our behalf. These entities may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific promotion services they provide for us (e.g. fulfillment of an order; responding to your question or comment; providing a promotional prize; deployment of a consumer survey; investigation of a complaint).To the extent we enter into such arrangements with service providers, agents and contractors to store, handle or process personal information on our behalf, such as for data processing, document storage software support and office services, our policy will be to require such parties by contractual or other means to provide comparable privacy protection while the information is processed or handled by them.We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party. Further, we reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are requested to do so by law, regulation, court order, or by a government entity. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to: (i) conduct investigations of possible breaches of law; (ii) cooperate in any legal investigation; (iii) identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Use of this website; or (iv) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property.
Lastly, we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose to which you consent.Links to other websitesThis website may contain links to the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliates, and to websites that are independently owned and operated by third parties. These other websites may have their own privacy policies and are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any website(s) owned and operated by any such subsidiaries, affiliates or third parties. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently, so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each website you visit.At different points while using this website you may be offered reports, services, products, or other content from our advertisers and sponsors which would require you to expressly opt-in to their offer.
These sponsors and advertisers may have their own privacy policies and are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any website(s) owned and operated by any such affiliates, third parties, sponsors or advertisers. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently, so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each offer before opting-in.
In the event you do not want an advertiser to have your personal information, then do not sign up for that advertiser's offer.Chat rooms and message/bulletin boardsIf you use chat rooms and message/bulletin boards that may be available on this website, you should know that when you voluntarily disclose your personal information on a message/bulletin board, chat or other interactive area where personal information can be posted, the information can be collected and used by other internet users. This may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. We undertake no obligations as to the security of information you voluntarily post in chat rooms and/or on message/bulletin boards. Children's privacyWe are committed to protecting the privacy of children and we do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 18.
If a child has already provided us with personal information, his or her parent or guardian may contact us for the purpose of deleting this information.
How we protect personal informationThe security of your personal information is important to us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards (appropriate to the sensitivity of such information) designed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure or access of the personal information we collect on this website.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we are committed to protecting your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
All third parties that obtain personal information from us (e.g. service providers that perform functions on our behalf) are contractually required to protect your confidentiality and personal information in a manner consistent with this policy, and/or as required by law. Some or all of the personal information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside your jurisdiction of residence, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions.
Subject to applicable laws in such other jurisdictions, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that appropriate protections are in place to require the data processor in that country to maintain protections on the personal information that are equivalent to those that apply in the country in which you live.Changes to this privacy policyWe reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this Privacy Policy.
We will indicate at the top of this page the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. Your continued access or use of this website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as revised.Your consent to the terms of this Privacy PolicyBy using this website you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you signify your assent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions, please do not use this site or submit any personal information. Retention and disposalWe keep your personal information only so long as we need it for the products and services that you are using, to offer you products and services when you are a customer and for a reasonable time thereafter, or to meet any legal requirements. We have retention standards, which meet these requirements. We destroy your information when it is no longer needed, or we remove your name from the information.Data retention policyWe do not keep your personal information for longer than required. We will keep your personal information: For as long as required by law Until we no longer have a valid reason for keeping it Until you request us to stop using it.Data Subject RightsWe recognize your legal rights to your data. Email us at info@bnkinvest.com to access the following rights: the right to access personal data held about you; the right to object to processing (for example, direct marketing); the right to data portability; the right to complain about processing carried out by the data controller; the right to object to automated decision making; the right for the personal data being updated; and the right to be forgotten.We welcome your feedback. If you have questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, or would like to do any of the following: *	see personal information that you have already sent us so that you can correct or update it delete your personal information from our files;*	if your child under 18 has sent us personal information, delete that personal information from our files;*	ask that we not send you mailings or otherwise contact you; or *	report any violation of this Privacy Policy Please contact us at: BNK Invest, Inc.500 North Broadway, Ste 265Jericho, NY 11753t. 516-620-4294info@bnkinvest.com
Privacy Policy | BDC Investor | www.BDCInvestor.com |
Copyright © 2002 - 2020, All Rights Reserved
Nothing in BDCInvestor.com is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.
None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.
All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.
By visiting, using or viewing this site, you
agree to the following Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy.
Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.
Quote and option data delayed at
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact BDC Investor; Meet Our Editorial Staff.