http://www.revcor.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Header Popup - Close
Header Logo - White
Products
Services
Industries
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
Search form
Search
Header Utility Menu
Search
Build My Fan
Replacement Parts
800-323-8261
Header Logo
Header Utility Menu
Search
Build My Fan
Replacement Parts
800-323-8261
Header Logo
Header Utility Menu
Search
Build My Fan
Replacement Parts
800-323-8261
ProductsAxial Fans
Centrifugal Blowers and Fans
Crossflow Fans
Services
IndustriesAgriculture
Air Conditioning
Commercial Refrigeration
Food Service
Heating
Transportation
Ventilation
ResourcesDesign
Test
Build
Quality
Supply
About UsHistory
Team
Locations
Mission, Strategy, Quality Policy
Careers
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Revcor, Inc. (“Revcor” or “we” or “our” or “us”) is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you, what we do with it and with whom we share it. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal information at our physical locations (“Locations”) or through this website at www.revcor.com (this “Site”).
Please note that the headings contained in this Privacy Policy are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not in any way define or affect the meaning, construction, or scope of any of the provisions contained in this Privacy Policy.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE FOR THE SITE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THE SITE SIGNIFIES YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE FOUND ON THIS SITE. THE PROVISIONS OF THE PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE SALES TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOUND ELSEWHERE ON THIS SITE WILL APPLY IN THE MANNER SET FORTH IN THOSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Information We Collect
Information is collected about you when you visit our Locations and contact us though this Site, including without limitation information you provide using an e-mail address on this site, or by click-through of a link on this Site.
If you send us correspondence, including e-mails and faxes, we retain such information in the records of your account. We will also retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from Revcor to you. We retain these records for future reference regarding your account and to improve our customer service. We do not maintain these records for a pre-determined period of time.
How Information We Collect is Used
The information collected may be combined with other information collected about you and is used and disclosed in a number of ways by us, to help us better understand and serve our customers, including without limitation the following:
To provide you with, or otherwise respond to your requests for, information, products and/or services.
To enhance our customers’ experiences at our Locations and on this Site, and with our products and services.
To analyze customer behaviors and trends.
To conduct research and analysis and to otherwise measure the effectiveness of our online and offline marketing efforts and to develop products, services, and marketing programs.
For administrative purposes and for internal business purposes.
We do not sell or rent to third parties any of the personal information that you provide to us through this Site or at our Locations, or authorize any of our suppliers to sell or rent any such personal information, and we do not authorize any of our suppliers to make independent use of your personal information for their own purposes, including but not limited to direct marketing. However, aggregated information about customers utilizing this Site, or otherwise providing information to Revcor may be utilized by Revcor and/or suppliers in connection with research, benchmarking and other like uses, or as described below.
We communicate with you by e-mail in response to any contact you have made through the e-mail addresses provided on this Site, or by click-through of a link on this Site.
Site Usage Information
Like most websites, this Site gathers traffic patterns, site usage information and other aggregated data in order to evaluate our visitors’ preferences and the effectiveness of this Site. This aggregate usage data does not identify you individually. We may share anonymous, aggregated statistics about visitors to this Site with third-parties, and we may allow third-parties to collect aggregate data through this Site and/or supplier sites accessible from or though this Site. We also work with a third party to monitor certain pages of our Site for the purpose of reporting website traffic and other advertising statistics. Where authorized by us, this third party may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. No personally identifiable information is transferred to this third party.
This Site may use cookies to enhance the browsing and usage experience on our Site. “Cookies” are small files or records that are placed on your computer’s hard drive (by us or a third party provider of ours) to collect information about your activities on our Site. The information captured about your activities on our Site will make it possible for us: (i) to speed navigation and provide you with custom tailored content; (ii) to remember information you gave to us so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site; (iii) to monitor the effectiveness of certain of our marketing email campaigns; and (iv) to monitor total number of visitors, pages viewed, and banners served on our Site. If you refuse cookies, your experience on our Site may be affected - for example you may not be able to utilize all of the functions on this Site.
Protecting Our Community
The law requires that we and our suppliers may be required to share your personal information and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or other like orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we and our suppliers reserve the right to use and disclose your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, and/or violations of this Site’s Terms of Use statement as required by law.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) years. This Site is directed to persons who are at least thirteen (13) years of age. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with personally identifiable information through any point of contact, we ask to be contacted at the below address or email address and we will delete the information about the child referenced from our files.
Security of Your Personal Information
Revcor is committed to handling your customer information with high standards of information security. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your non-public personal information . Revcor requires that its suppliers take appropriate steps to keep your personal information confidential. Although we can’t guarantee that there will never be a security problem, we have in place appropriate security measures to carefully guard against the loss or misuse of the information collected on this Site and at our Locations.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time - for example, by altering our policy on sharing personal information. Be sure to check this page periodically for updates.
Transfer of Assets or Business
In the event of a transfer or sale of some or all of our business or assets, Revcor may disclose your personal information to those involved in such a transfer or sale of business or assets.
Changing Your Information
Moved? Changed e-mail addresses? If you need to update or verify your personal information, please email sales@revcor.com or in writing at Revcor, Inc., 251 Edwards Avenue, Carpentersville, Illinois 60110, Attention: Sales Department, or call us at 1-800-323-8261, Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., CST. Upon request, Revcor will remove your personal information from our active database as soon as reasonably possible, unless we need to retain information for dispute resolution, product service or customer service, troubleshooting and other valid legal or business reasons. Please note that we will not remove your historical usage information.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may provide links to web sites not operated by Revcor, including our suppliers or partners. Revcor requires that its suppliers take steps to keep your personal information confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Revcor assumes no responsibility for third-party web sites, including but not limited to the privacy practices of these third-party sites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave this Site, and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of every web site that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site.
Although we endeavor to alert you when you are about to leave our Site when you click on a link to a third party site, Revcor does not guarantee that you will receive this alert when you leave this Site. It is your responsibility to determine when you have left this Site.
Governing Law
Revcor controls and operates this Site in the United States of America. Our online privacy practices are governed by the laws of the United States and Illinois, which may differ from privacy laws in your state or home country. By submitting your personal information to this Site, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to and within the United States and to any other country and its use and disclosure in accordance with U.S. federal and Illinois law and with this Privacy Policy.
Language
This English-language Privacy Policy is Revcor’s official statement of its online privacy practices. In case of any inconsistency between this English-language Privacy Policy and its translation into another language, this English-language document controls.
For More Information
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to sales@revcor.com or writing to us at Revcor, Inc., 251 Edwards Avenue, Carpentersville, Illinois 60110, Attention: Sales Department.
Footer
© 2020 Revcor Airflow Solutions. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Sales Terms
Purchasing Terms
Site Map
251 Edwards Ave.Carpentersville, Illinois 60110
800.323.8261