http://www.piscataqua.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | Piscataqua Savings Bank
For more information on our reopening procedures & COVID-19 related publications, please Click Here.
Skip to content
Piscataqua Savings Bank
Menu
Home
Online Banking
Kids’ Bank
Contact Us
About Us
Banking Services
Customer Reviews
History
Mission & Values
Community Gallery
Our Staff
Our Trustees & Corporators
Careers
Loans
Our Loan Services
Mortgage Options
Home Equity Loans
Consumer Loans
Unique Offerings
Our Loan Rates
Apply
Loan Resources
Deposits
Our Deposit Services
Savings & Checking Accounts
CD & Money Market Accounts
IRAs
Our Deposit Rates
Debit/ATM Services
Phone Banking
Deposit Resources
Trust & Investments
Our Services
Trust Administration
Investment Management
Estate Settlement
Estate Planning
Retirement Accounts
Trust & Investment Resources
News & Alerts
In The News
Privacy
We are here for you
View the pdf (104KB) Rev. 10/2010
FACTSWHAT DOES Piscataqua Savings Bank DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:– Social Security number and Income– Account Balances and Payment History– Credit History and Credit ScoreWhen you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Piscataqua Savings Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes Piscataqua Savings share?Can you limit this sharing?For our everyday business purposes –such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureausYesNoFor our marketing purposes –to offer our products and services to youYesNoFor joint marketing with other financial companiesNoWe don’t shraeFor our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –information about your transactions and experiencesNoWe don’t shareFor our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –information about your creditworthinessNoWe don’t shareFor nonaffiliates to market to youNoWe don’t share
Questions?Call 603-436-5250 or go to www.piscataqua.com
PAGE 2
Who we are Who is providing this notice?Piscataqua Savings Bank
What we do How does Piscataqua Savings Bank protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.We restrict access to your personal information to employees who need to know in order to provide products or services to you.How does Piscataqua Savings Bank collect my personal information?We collect your personal information, for example, when you– open an account or deposit money– pay your bills or apply for a loan– use your debit cardWe also collect your personal information from others such as the credit bureaus.Why can’t I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit only– sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness– affiliates from using your information to market to you– sharing for nonaffiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions AffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.– Piscataqua Savings Bank has no affiliates.NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.– Piscataqua Savings Bank does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.Joint MarketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.– Piscataqua Savings Bank does not jointly market.
Contact Us
Ready to learn more about our banking services?
Contact Us Today
©
Piscataqua Savings Bank - All Rights Reserved
Home |
Privacy Notice |
Contact |
Feedback
Hours of Operation | Website Accessibility
Piscataqua Savings Bank15 Pleasant StreetPortsmouth, NH 03801Phone: (603) 436-5250Toll-free: (800) 286-5254Trust Services: (603) 430-2955
×
You are about to leave the Piscataqua Savings Bank website. Piscataqua Savings Bank is not responsible for any information, products and/or services available through any other website.
You are about to leave the Piscataqua Savings Bank website and go to the FDIC website. Piscataqua Savings Bank is not responsible for any information, products and/or services available through the FDIC website.
You are about to leave the Piscataqua Savings Bank website and go to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development website. Piscataqua Savings Bank is not responsible for any information, products and/or services available through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development website.
Cancel
Continue