http://www.thaiunion.com/en/privacy-policy
Your privacy is important to Thai Union. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Thai Union collects, and the ways in which Thai Union uses that personal information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
Thai Union may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your use of this website
Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website
Information about transactions carried out over this website
Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services
USING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Thai Union may use your personal information to:
Administer this website;
Personalize the website for you;
Enable your access to and use of the website services;
Publish information about you on the website;
Send to you products that you purchase;
Supply to you services that you purchase;
Send to you statements and invoices;
Collect payments from you; and
Send you marketing communications.
Where Thai Union discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Thai Union may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
SECURING YOUR DATA Thai Union will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Thai Union will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. Information relating to electronic transaction entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS Information that Thai Union collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Thai Union operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
UPDATING THIS STATEMENT Thai Union may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
OTHER WEBSITES This website contains links to other websites.
Thai Union is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
CONTACT THAI UNION If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Thai Union treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to tu_corporate@thaiunion.com ; or
by post to 72/1 Moo7, Sethakit 1 Road, Tambon Tarsrai , Amphur Muangsamutsakorn, Samutsakorn 74000
YYou must retain the “Credit” section in this document. If you wish to use the document without the “Credit” section (e.g. to project a more professional image) then you can get a license to do so here: http://www.thaiunion.com/precedents/thaiunion-license-privacy-statement.html
It is an infringement of our copyright to use the document without the “Credit” section and without paying the license fee.