http://www.homewrap.com.au/privacy-policy
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Visy Boxes and More respects your privacy and is committed to complying with the privacy principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the "Privacy Act"). The purpose of this document is to set out Visy Boxes and More's policy in relation to the collection, use, holding, disclosure and access of personal information relating to an individual held by Visy Boxes and More. In this Policy "Visy Boxes and More" means Visy Industries Australia Pty Ltd and all of its related bodies corporate.
COLLECTION
Visy Boxes and More may collect personal information about an individual when the individual uses our website, mobile application services, engages our services, communicates with us, applies for employment with us or performs work at our direction. We typically collect this information directly from the individual, their business or through referrals. The type of information we collect will generally be limited to:
contact details including name, addresses, phone numbers and email address;
banking details to facilitate payment of accounts;
insurance details where relevant to services being provided to us;
exchanging information with credit reporting agencies; and
professional and other qualifications and memberships relevant to your relationship with Visy.
PURPOSE & USE
Visy Boxes and More collects information to assist it to perform its business functions and activities. These may include, without limitation:
making contact and conducting business with individuals and organisations it deals with or may deal with;
processing credit applications of, providing products and services to, and marketing to customers;
selecting and doing business with suppliers and other industry participants;
appointing, doing business with and utilising the services of service providers and professional advisers (including contractors, consultants, advisers, auditors);
processing business transactions including sales and payments;
internal management needs;
managing its business, corporate risk and funding functions; and
managing its corporate strategies, including transfer/sale of our assets or business (including accounts and trade receivables).
HOLDING & SECURITY
Visy Boxes and More takes reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse and loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Visy Boxes and More retains information for so long as is reasonable for business purposes or as permitted or required by law. Subject to any legal requirements Visy Boxes and More will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer needed for any purpose for which it was collected, in accordance with this policy.
DISCLOSURE
Visy Boxes and More will only disclose personal information:
to Visy Boxes and More employees or third parties who are involved in the purposes outlined in paragraph 2 above;
to Visy Boxes and More employees or third parties involved in an investigation of concerns that unlawful activity has been, is being, or may be engaged in; or
as required or authorized by law.
Visy Boxes and More may disclose personal information about an individual to a third party in a foreign country for the purposes outlined above, including, without limitation, its IT service providers based in India and the Philippines, where:
Visy Boxes and More reasonably believes that the recipient is subject to a law binding scheme or contract which effectively upholds principles of fair handling of the information that are similar to the principles set out in the Privacy Act;
Visy Boxes and More has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the information, which we have transferred will not be held, used or disclosed by the recipient of the information inconsistently with the principles set out in the Privacy Act;
the individual has consented to the transfer;
the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract with the individual or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken in response to the individual's request; or
the transfer is for the benefit of the individual, it is impracticable to obtain the consent of the individual to that transfer; and if it were practicable to obtain such consent, the individual would be likely to give it.
ACCESS
On request by a person Visy Boxes and More will take reasonable steps to let the person know, generally, what sort of personal information it holds, for what purposes and how it collects, holds and uses and discloses that information. Visy Boxes and More will only deny a request for access or limit access where permitted under the Privacy Act.
If an individual can establish that personal information held by Visy Boxes and More about the individual is not accurate, complete and up to date, Visy will take reasonable steps to correct the information.
CONSENT
Unless advised to the contrary Visy Boxes and More assumes that individuals who provide personal information to Visy Boxes and More consent to the management of such information in accordance with this policy.
MODIFICATION
Visy Boxes and More reserves the right to modify this policy from time to time without notice and amendments will be effective immediately upon posting the amended policy to our website.
FURTHER INFORMATION, QUERIES & COMPLAINTS
If you require further information regarding this policy or have any privacy related queries or complaints, please contact:
Visy Privacy Officer11/2 Southbank BoulevardSouthbank Victoria 3006
Telephone:  03 9247 4777Email:          privacy@visy.com.au
© 2020 Visy Boxes & More. All Rights Reserved