http://www.safe2drive.com/student/en/misc/privacy.aspx
driver safety made easy
Customer Support 1-800-763-1297
Login
Register
MENU
HomeContact UsFAQsEspanol
Back
Safe2Drive
Privacy Policy
Respect the Individual
We respect the privacy of individuals. Our policy is to protect our customers' privacy and
personal information. This privacy statement describes the information we collect from
customers and how we use it.
Personal Information
We collect your contact and ticket information during registration for a traffic school/defensive driving/driver improvement
course, or just before you complete a course. We only collect personal information you voluntarily provide. Please do not
submit this information if you do not want it collected.
We use your information to better understand your needs and improve our service. We do not give your information to any third-party
unless required by a government agency to give you credit for taking our traffic school/defensive
driving/driver improvement course. We may use the information to contact you.
Your Access and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any
time by contacting us via the telephone number or email address on our web site:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Express any concern about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. We protect your information both online
and offline when you submit it to us over our web site.
Sensitive information (e.g., credit card data) is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure
way. You can verify this by looking for "https:" at the beginning of the address for
the web page.
We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform
their job (e.g., certificate processing) are granted access to personally identifiable
information. The computers in which we store personal information are kept in a secure
environment.
Contact Us
Contact us immediately if you feel we are not abiding by this policy. You may use the telephone number or email address on
our web site.
Need Help?
Email:
support@safe2drive.com
Toll-Free:
(800) 763-1297
Fax:
(858) 225-8699
Frequent Questions: Click here
TDD:
(711) 800-763-1297
Office Hours
We’re here for you 7 days a week!
Website Available 24/7/365
Customer Support Hours* (Central Time)
Mon – Fri:
8 AM – 10 PM
Sat & Sun:
9 AM – 5 PM
*List of Holiday Hours.
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Site Map
Texas Defensive Driving
Blog