https://www.graphnet.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Graphnet Inc. recognizes and respects the importance of protecting individuals’ privacy. We have formulated this privacy policy to govern our use and disclosure of individuals’ personal information.
Scope
This policy applies to all personal information that Graphnet collects or receives in any manner.
Our Services
Graphnet provides high-volume and value-added electronic mail, facsimile, voice and SMS messaging services for customers globally. Our customers retain Graphnet to transmit messages and exchange information with their clients. In the course of doing this, customers provide Graphnet with recipients’ personal information. Graphnet simply transmits information based on its customers’ direction and does not change the content of the messages; Graphnet only changes the message format. We do not use or share any personal information that we receive with anyone unless otherwise required by law. We require our customers to provide appropriate identifying and contact information at the beginning or end of the message. Using this contact information, recipients may respond to have their number removed from the customer’s list or to obtain contact information for the customer.
Security
Our systems are equipped with appropriate protections to ensure that personal information is not misused or accessed without authorization.
Access to any personal information stored on our own servers is restricted to those employees or contractors who have a need for such access to perform a legitimate business function relating to company services or maintenance, internal security or related issues. We generate audit logs that record all access and use of recipients’ personal information stored in our databases.
Data Integrity
We only use as much personal information as is required to perform the requested services. When we are provided with additional information that is not required for the requested services, we utilize only the data that is needed. The remainder of the data remains secure and unused until destroyed or returned to the customer.
Acquisition, Merger or Bankruptcy
In the event that Graphnet, its parent or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries is acquired by another entity, or merges with a third party, the successor entity will be bound to respect the provisions of this policy with regard to any personal information in its possession prior to the acquisition or merger. In the event of bankruptcy, the prtovisions of applicable law will apply.