https://www.context.ie/terms-conditions/
Context Terms and Conditions1. PAYMENT METHODCONTEXT accepts payment by cheque or electronic bank transfer. Our preferred method of payment is bank transfer to the following account: Ulster Bank, Tuam Road, Galway, BIC IBAN. CONTEXT also accepts credit card payment from Clients with advance approval. For details please contact our account manager.2. REFUSAL OR DENIAL OF SERVICECONTEXT reserves the right to deny or refuse service to any Client or prospective Client for any reason and without explanation.3. SERVICE QUALITY AND STANDARDSAll documents, files, localisation and website content are translated to a high and exacting standard in accordance with ISO 17100:2015 accredited procedures. While Context undertakes to perform all translation services with all due care and attention, we do not take responsibility for errors and omissions. Furthermore, CONTEXT is not responsible for service delays resulting from unforeseen circumstances such as technical problems, including server issues that are beyond our control.All interpreting projects are carried out in accordance with our ISO 9001:2008 accredited procedures and are also compliant with the Interpreting standards ISO 18841 Interpreting – General requirements and recommendations, and ISO 13611:2015 Interpreting – Guidelines for Community Interpreting.4. SERVICE GUARANTEE AND REFUND POLICYCONTEXT provides Clients with the best possible quality of service. Should a Client be dissatisfied with the service, CONTEXT will endeavour to rectify the translated or localised product, or replace an interpreter, or refund the Client’s payment. However, any such refund is conditional on the Client demonstrating conclusively how CONTEXT failed to meet its service obligations.Private Clients who booked an interpreter for serving notice to get married may get a refund of the fees paid in advance of their appointment at the Registrar’s office if they demonstrate conclusively that their appointment cannot go ahead. However, an administration fee reflecting the work carried out prior to the cancellation will be deducted from the amount to be refunded.5. CONFIDENTIALITYCONTEXT shall treat all knowledge of Clients’ intentions, production methods and business organisation as confidential and shall not, at any time, divulge such information without written consent from the Client. CONTEXT shall not divulge any information relating to or arising from the work commission and the work carried out in relation to it unless or until such information lawfully comes into the public domain. The Client will not divulge any information relating to or arising from the commission and the work carried out in relation to it unless or until such information lawfully comes into the public domain. For specific project security requirements CONTEXT can additionally provide specific Non-Disclosure Agreements.6. LIMITED LIABILITYCONTEXT shall not be liable for any incidental, special or consequential damages or loss of any nature whatsoever, nor for any claim against the Client by any other person or entity, arising from or relating to services or product rendered by CONTEXT, regardless of the nature of the claim or the form of the cause of action, whether in contract or in tort, or otherwise, and even if CONTEXT has been advised of the possibility of such damages by anything contained in related proposals and other documentation. CONTEXT shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to, nor the return of, any source material(s). The maximum liability to the Client by CONTEXT shall in all cases be limited to the value of the order.7. GOVERNING LAWThese terms and conditions are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with Irish law. Any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.