https://www.rosebrand.com/customer/privacy.aspx
Home >
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Updated January 8, 2020
Rose Brand Wipers Inc. is wholly committed to protecting the privacy of those who interact with our organization, both online and offline. If you're visiting RoseBrand.com, please note that you are accepting the practices described below. Some of these practices also apply to those with whom we interact by phone, in person, email and fax. Web site pages and data on the Rose Brand site are transmitted securely by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts information.
Why and How We Gather InformationWe gather personal information to enable you and / or us to intiate and keep track of purchases, quote requests, order confirmations, and shipments. We also use personal information for our marketing efforts and to hire personnel. We gather this information from you through forms on our web site, phone calls, fax, chat, and meeting you in person. Sometimes we acquire mail addresses from third parties (i.e., publications and associations).
Some information is gathered automatically from your browser in order to help us improve the technical aspects of our website, comply with security and legal requirements, and improve our marketing efforts. We also use social networking platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube, Vimeo and Pinterest, which may provide us with limited contact information, your posts to our social network sites and usage data. Your use of these social networks is subject to their privacy policies, and you should become familiar with those policies before using them. Rose Brand Inc. is not responsible for their privacy practices. We retain your personal information for as long as required to fulfill the reason why the information was gathered or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
Types of Information Gathered
When you sign up for an account, place items in your cart, or make a purchase we might collect information such as your name, title, organization, role within your organization, email address, physical addresses, phone numbers, preferences for receipt of marketing information, product wishlists, credit card data, user name and password, items placed in your cart, previous orders and quote requests. When you use our website, our servers automatically record certain information sent by your web browser. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the website, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, mobile carrier, and other such information. We may use some of the above information to process transactions and improve our marketing, customer service and security efforts. Telephone calls to our offices and chat sessions on our web site may be monitored and are typically recorded for quality assurance purposes.
Third Parties
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes. However, we may share your data with third parties to provide you access to our services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce agreements, to ship products, to facilitate our own marketing and advertising activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our services. These third parties include organizations that conduct the following activities: shipping, mailing, emailing, chat, tax calculation, legal, advertising, application development, market research & analytics, payroll and human resources.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by web sites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make web sites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owner of the web site.
A cookie can tailor the operation of a web site to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. A cookie in no way gives us access to the files on your computer or to any information about you, other than the data that you provide and some of the activities that you carry out on our website.
We use cookies to enable you to purchase products on our site. Cookies also allow your shopping cart to be saved from one browsing session to the next. The only data we store in the shopping cart cookie is the information you enter on the web site while completing a transaction or registering on the website (e.g., email address, postal address, credit card information, etc.). Our third party vendors that provide data analytics and email services may use cookies to help us understand shopping patterns and deliver more relevant product information and emails to users.
Your Rights
You have the right to object to direct marketing. Users can opt-out of receiving marketing emails and / or printed pieces at any time by calling customer service (201-809-1730), online chat on our web site, or emailing us at info@RoseBrand.com. You may also opt-out of our marketing email program by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of our marketing emails.
Users can change their browser settings to prevent web sites from using new cookies (see the help feature on most browsers), however this may affect the user’s ability to use certain aspects of web sites that may require cookie functionality, such as making a purchase. Users can also opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page https://www.networkadvertising.org.
You can request to access, update or correct your personal information. You may also have additional rights pursuant to your local law regarding our processing, deleting or providing you with your information. California residents can make requests related to obtaining copies, deleting, sharing and processing of their personal information here. Others may direct inquiries to info@RoseBrand.com
or call 800-223-1624.
Our web site does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. We value our relationship with our customers and we are committed to responsible information handling practices. We may revise or update this policy if our practices change. Please refer to this page for the latest information and the effective date of any changes.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at
info@RoseBrand.com .