http://www.superiortechceramics.com/privacy-policy
Home » Privacy Policy NoticePrivacy Policy Notice OverviewThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for our website (www.ceramics.net). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing This website collects no personally identifiable information from users, with the exception of:email newsletter sign-up data that you provide to us in the process of opting in via the sign up form.  data shared in the process of applying for a position with the firm.data you share when submitting a Request a Quote or Ask an Engineer form. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.  This information is available to our website development partner, Brandthropology, Inc., with whom we have signed an agreement preventing them from selling or renting this data.   Use of Cookies on This SiteWe use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. We deploy cookies from our marketing services partners, that include Google, Bing & LinkedIn. However, we have no access to or control over the cookie these partners provide, and no personally identifiable data is shared with us.How Collected Data Will Be UsedA user may choose to complete the email newsletter registration or Contact Us forms. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to communicate with you via our in-house newsletters or via return email in response to your inquiry. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.  Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future email newsletter contacts from us at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button in the email newsletters we send. If you have any concerns about the data we have collected, you may reach out to us to:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data, or if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (802) 527-7726. SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (email/newsletter signup or contact form), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.  Have Questions or Need Help?Our material engineers can answer your questions:(802) 527-7726Request a QuoteAsk an EngineerAsk an EngineerOur engineers can help answer any questions you have.  Use the form below to submit your query.  We'll be back to you as soon as possible. Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Company *
Phone Number
Your Question * File Upload (send us your print, sketch or picture) Files must be less than 4 MB.Allowed file types: txt pdf doc docx jpg png gif xls xlsx dwg dxf. Leave this field blank
Click below to view ourIndustrial Quality Certifications
American Made. American Owned.