http://www.endeavour-eu.com/privacy-policy/
Disclaimer / Privacy Policy - Endeavour Enterprises N.V.Endeavour Enterprises N.V.
Investments in the Netherlands
Home
Management Blog
Services
Location
Tax & Accounting
Legal
Interim Management
Real Estate
Directors Services
Corporate Governance
Business Directory
Investments in the Netherlands
Romania FDI
Articles
About
Contact
Disclaimer / Privacy Policy
HomeDisclaimer / Privacy Policy
Disclaimer concerning this website and its information
All visits to and use of our site/s (the "Site") are subject to the conditions of use described hereunder. The mere use of the Site implies the knowledge and the acceptance of those conditions of use.
Information
The information available on or via the Site is for general information purposes only. This information is not adapted to personal or specific circumstances and can therefore not be considered as being a personal or professional advice. Although we do our outmost to update the text and verify its accuracy, there could be exceptions. No rights can be derived from the information and none of it should be regarded as an advise.
Despite the fact that best efforts were made to draw up the content of the Site with due care, it cannot be excluded that information is obsolete, incomplete or in any other way incorrect. Endeavour Enterprises N.V. ("EENV") cannot give any guarantees concerning the nature or the content of the information available on or via the Site.
Links and references
The Site may contain links or references to other websites. EENV does not monitor those websites and has no technical or content control on those websites. Therefore, EENV cannot guarantee the completeness or the accuracy of the content, nor the availability of those websites.
Incoming links, pointing to EENV site and their text are completely out of the influence of EENV.
The incorporation of links or references to other websites does not imply any connection, partnership, relationship or approval of those websites or their content.
Liability
EENV will not be liable for any damage arising or resulting from any direct or indirect use of the Site or of the information made available on or via the Site. EENV will not be liable for damage resulting from interruptions of the Site, viruses or other disturbing elements, or the consultation or use of websites referred to on or via the Site or the information available on the former. EENV is not liable for electronic communications via the Site, e.g. e-mails, delays, interceptions or manipulation by third parties of those communications. Any use of the information available on or via the Site is completely at your own risk. Consequently, you are liable for any of your choices made based on the information available on or via the Site.
Intellectual Property (IP)
Unless otherwise indicated, all rights to the Site and the information available on the Site, including copyrights and other intellectual property rights, are owned by EENV.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
This Disclaimer is exclusively governed by Dutch law. All disputes arising in connection with this Disclaimer shall be resolved by the competent courts of Amsterdam.
[/span12]
[/row]
company
about us
Blog
Contact Us
Services
Incorporation
Location
Tax & Accounting
Legal
Management
Real Estate
Directors Services
navigationHome
Services
Corporate Governance
Romania FDI
ABCD ADDRESS,
ABCD
Telephone: +0 000 000 000
FAX: +0 000 000 000
© 2020 | Privacy Policy