http://www.suretybondassociates.com/privacy-policy
Surety Bond Associates
Most bond agents just sell bonds, we create them.
Apply Online
Get Help
Company
Testimonials
Bond Services
Contract Bonds
Commercial Bonds
Court Bonds
Trading Assistant Bonds
Fidelity Bonds
Surety Support Services
Consulting
Bonding Assistance Programs
SBA Surety Bond Guarantee Program
Project Funds Control
Subcontractor Prequalification
Surety Escrow
NYC SBS Bond Readiness Program
Rebuild Ready Business Support Program
Resources
Bid Leads
Business Development Tools
Access to Capital
FAQ
Blog
Archives
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the suretybondassociates.com website. Our applications require you to submit information about you and your company. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Company Name
Company Address
Company Phone, Fax, & Email
Owner(s) Name
Owner(s) Address
Spouse(s) Name
Owner(s) and Spouse(s) Social Security Number(s)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about your company & it’s owner(s) to create an account for you within our system. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide you with bonding services.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can email us questions using forms within our website. Information you submit on our website will not be used for account setup unless you fill out the online application form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please send them to this email address: privacy@suretybondassociates.com.
Apply Online Applying for bonds couldn’t be easier!
It only takes a few minutes to receive a quote, or prequalify.
Contact Contact us today to learn more and get prequalified.
Come Be Social Join us on your favorite networks and get all the latest industry news, tips and more.
Recent Tweets Tweets by @suretybondassoc
Follow Us on Twitter
e-Newsletter Signup Get the latest information on recent surety news, tips on how to increase your bonding capacity, how to grow your business, and much more.
Name:
Email:
Recent Posts
PIDC’s Small Contractor Workshop Series Tips
NEW City of Philadelphia Demolition Contractor License Bond
Bonds: An Important Weapon In Any Contractor’s Arsenal
Surety Bond Associates Welcomes Commonwealth Insurance Company Customers
Commonwealth Insurance Company of Bala Cynwyd PA in Liquidation
Benefits of Surety Bonds Bid Bonds—Enable you to bid on most government and some private contracts
Performance & Payment Bonds—Increase your access to subcontracts with many General Contractors and Construction Managers
Commercial Bonds—Allow you to secure a professional license or permit to operate your business.
Trading Assistant Bonds—Satisfy eBay's requirement that Trading Assistants comply with all license and bond regulations governing consignment sales, while reducing online fraud.
Surety Bond Associates
Surety Bond Agency
Surety Support Services
Business Development
Learn More
Company
Bond Services
Surety Support Services
FAQ
Resources
Blog
Apply Online
Download Application Forms
Contact Us
Blog Topics
EBay Trading Assistant
News
Surety Bond Associates News
Surety Industry News
Resources
Surety Bonds
Contract Bonds
Court Bonds
Freight Broker Bond
License Bonds
Miscellaneous Bonds
Permit Bonds
Surety Support Services
Contact Us Surety Bond Associates
45 E. City Ave, #493
Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004
phone: 610.617.1052
fax: 610.617.1053
info@suretybondassociates.com
© 2020 Surety Bond Associates. All Rights Reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
WordPress Development by Vance Bell of Pixel Engine