https://www.accountancy.com.pk/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWe, at Accountancy are dedicated to protecting your privacy as a customer using our website and the confidentiality of the information you supply to us. Our use of your personal data will always be in compliance with Pakistani and international data protection legislations.We will not sell or make available to any third party your personal information except with your consent. This statement sets out the principles governing our use of your data and information collected from you. By registering to use our website, you agree to this use.We gather data from you for a number of reasons, including to register you, to carry out the service you request and to monitor and improve our service generally. This may involve transferring data outside of Pakistan. We may use the data to provide you with details of our services and otherwise for the normal use and improvement of our website.We may pass data to carefully selected third parties (both inside and outside the Pakistan) to provide you with information on products and services which may be of interest to you. If you would prefer us not to do this you will always be given the opportunity to elect for this option at the time of submitting your data. You can change your selected preference at any time by notifying us.We may use cookies only to store information such as your user ID and your password to enable us to identify whether you are registered on to the site and, if so, to shortcut your access to the site. We will only read cookies from your cookie file placed there through your web browser’s interaction with the site.Our site may link to other websites and we are not responsible for their data policies or procedures or their content.We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect the data including the use of encryption technology. However, you accept that due to the nature of the Internet, this security cannot be guaranteed and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in willful default.If you have any questions about any of the data, or on any aspect of our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us. 2014-05-28Accountancy
Rs4.09 Trillion Federal Budget for 2015-16 Unveiled June 6, 2015Economic Survey 2014-15: Features and Highlights June 5, 2015Empirically Analyzing the "Five Percent Rule of Materiality" in Financial Reporting Decisions May 4, 2015Rs4.09 Trillion Federal Budget for 2015-16 Unveiled June 6, 2015Economic Survey 2014-15: Features and Highlights June 5, 2015Empirically Analyzing the "Five Percent Rule of Materiality" in Financial Reporting Decisions May 4, 2015 Sign up to our Newsletter Email *
AccountancyAdvertiseContactPrivacy PolicyRSSSitemap
Copyright 2002-2020 Accountancy. All rights reserved. Copyrights of all content on this web site are owned by Accountancy except where indicated in source or copyright statements. Accountancy must be contacted for permission to copy or redistribute any material published on this website.