https://www.farmavitar.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - FarmavitaR+
(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.data-privacy-src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
})(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
ga('create', 'UA-1666707-3', 'auto');
ga('send', 'pageview');
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterLinkedIn
+385-1-33 77 058|info@farmavitar.com
HomeAbout us The NetworkFeesProduct expertiseServices Project Management Pharmaceutical developmentPreclinical developmentClinical developmentClinical Trial ApplicationsPharmacovigilanceAuditsMarketing AuthorizationsMarket AccessMergers & AcquisitionsFarmavitar+ Blog Marketing & SalesVigilance & SafetyRegulatory AffairsQuality assuranceFarmavitaR+ NewsResearch & Development Clinical trialsEvents & ConferencesContactMicroJobs
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyvjeko2020-03-27T13:18:30+01:00
We are delighted about your interest in our website Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network. We are very interested in the protection of your personal data and will comply with all legal regulations when gathering, processing and using data during your visit to our website. The responsible entity for the purpose of privacy law is: Farmavita Regulanet Ltd., Okicka desni odvojak 2, HR-10430 Samobor, Croatia (designated as “Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network” in the following text).
In the following we will set forth information as to which data are collected during your visit and use of the Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network website and how these data are used. At any time, you are legally entitled to demand information about the data collected on your person as well as on their origin, recipient and the purpose of their storage.
Processing of personal data in the context of the fulfillment of a contract
Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network collects, processes and uses personal data so that you can use the services of Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network. By registering online you agree that the profile data respectively project offers entered on the Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network website may be published for the purpose of the fulfillment of a contract. These data may be viewed and changed respectively complemented at any time within the user account.
Use and passing on of personal data
Personal data will not be passed on to third parties without your permission, unless this is necessary due to legal or official orders or in the context of the fulfillment of a contract. In particular, Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network is entitled to pass on invoicing data to third parties appointed with the collection of fees, insofar as it is necessary for this purpose.
Passing on of personal data for the purpose of negotiation
For the purpose of negotiation, Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network passes on your user profiles respectively project offers to other project portals (called “partners” in the following) which are comparable to Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network. These personal data are only passed on when you give us your explicit consent.
The user profiles are then published on the website of the respective partner in a partial view. Only the family name and first name, a photo if you have published one on Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network, and an excerpt of your user profile will be shown visibly. In order to view the whole profile, a user has to click on a link provided on the website of our partner which leads directly to Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network. Naturally, you can revoke the consent to this with future effect at any time without giving reasons.
Processing and passing on of anonymous user profiles
On the condition that you have explicitly given your consent, Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network produces user profiles for the purpose of advertising, market research and an appropriate design of the Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network web service. These profiles are totally anonymous and are used and further processed for the compilation of statistics, e.g. on hourly rates or the use of programming languages. In the course of this, in particular details on information searched by yourself respectively the negotiated projects respectively details on your profile are collected and processed. Conclusions as to your person are not possible after the anonymisation. Naturally, you can revoke the consent to this with future effect at any time without giving reasons.
Deletion of saved data
A deletion of saved personal data will take place when you either revoke your consent to the storage, when their knowledge is no longer needed to fulfill the intended purpose of their storage, or when their storage is prohibited for other, legal reasons. With termination and conclusion of your contract your personal data are deleted.
Email messages
During the course of the contract, Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network regularly sends emails to its users in relation to technical support, with technical tips and information on the amount of the enlisted services, as well as on any possibilities of extension and further information in relation to the operation of the Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network platform, as well as rememberance messages. For you to receive these mails, we need a valid email-address from you as well as the consent to the dispatch of these mails, which can be revoked at any time. With the registration on Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network you give your consent to the receipt of these messages in the context of the fulfillment of the contract and the provision of the services and functions on Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network.
Log data
On each page impression, access data will be stored in a log file, the server log file. Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network uses these logs in an anonymised way (that is without relation and hints as to your person) for statistical purposes and for the error search for the purpose of improving the Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network website. Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network does not associate the page requests and site usage, which are saved in the server log files, with single persons.
Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network reserves the right to control single log files in relation to the last known IP-address belatedly, if due to certain facts there is a suspicion that the Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network websites and/or Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network services are being used in a manner which is unlawful or in violation of the contract.
Cookies
The Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network website uses so-called cookies at several places. They are used to make the offer of Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer and which your browser saves. Most of the cookies used by us are so-called “session-cookies”. They are deleted automatically after the end of your visit or after your logout. Cookies do not damage your computer and contain no viruses.
Security advice
Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network as well as its appointed employees and other agents endeavour to save personal data in such a way that they are inaccessible to third parties, by using all necessary technical and organisational means. Third parties in this sense are not those institutions by whom they obtain information respectively to whom they pass on information.
Regarding the communication by email, Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network cannot guarantee the complete security of data so that we recommend to send confidential information by post.
Please remember that whenever you voluntarily provide personal information online (e.g. per email), these can be collected and used by others. Thus you could receive unwelcome messages if you provide personal information online in areas with public access. Please always act carefully and responsibly online and take care to keep your password and/or other personal information secret.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.  In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.  Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.  On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available on-line.
Other Agreements
With some parties Farmavita Regulanet may have other customised agreements in writting.  In case of customosed bilateral agreements this agreements will prevail over any generic agreements published on Pharmaceutical Outsourcing Network.
As of 09. 09. 2015.
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
© Copyright 2012 -
|
Farmavita Regulanet Ltd. All rights reserved.
This website uses system cookies and third party services.							Settings
Ok
Statistic cookie
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Tracking Cookies
Go to Top