https://www.euyansang.com/en_US/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html
Free International Shipping For Most Products
If you are not shipping to the
United States Of America
, change the country above.
Oops! We do not ship to your current country. Change your shipping country above.
Deliver to United States of America
EN
USD
Shipping Country
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brunei
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong - EuYanSang.com.hk
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kuwait
Malaysia - EuYanSang.com.my
Netherlands
New Zealand
Philippines
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Singapore - EuYanSang.com.sg
South Korea
Spain
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Vietnam
Currency
USD
Language
English (United States)
Continue
Shipment update - Due to the current global situation surrounding COVID-19, there may be restrictions which will cause delay to your delivery. Thank you for your understanding and patience.
Catalog Navigation
Log in
Log in
Or
Register
Log in
Register
Stores
Children
Women
Beauty
Hormonal Health
Pre & Post Natal
Supplements
Anti-Oxidants
Athletic Support
Cholesterol
Digestion
Energy
Fertility
Skin and Hair
Immunity Boosters
Respiratory
Sexual Health
Sleep
Vision
Under the Weather
Herbs
Cordyceps
Deer Velvet
Ginkgo Biloba
Ginseng
Gojiberry
Lingzhi / Reishi
Loquat
Red Yeast Rice
Tian Qi
Yunzhi
Food
Bird's Nest
Teas & Drinks
Soups
Packed Herbs & Ingredients
Essence of Chicken & Fish
Snacks
GIFT
Bird's Nest
Essence of Chicken
Premium Herbal Soups
Supplements
Deals
Clearance
Bulk Buy
Buy 5 for Free Shipping
Bundle Promotions
Health Reads
Home
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the Eu Yan Sang International Ltd (EYS) Privacy Policy. EYS collects, uses and discloses Customer Data in order to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customised experience with EYS. The collection, use and disclosure of Customer Data enables EYS to provide services and products that are most likely to meet your needs and requirements. This Privacy Policy outlines EYS’s policy and responsibility in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of Customer Data.
By continuing to use EYS’s services, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time in respect of EYS’s collection, use and disclosure of your Customer Data.
This Privacy Policy is divided into two Parts – A and B:
Part A: General Customer Data privacy policy statement
Part B: Privacy policy statement for Customer Data collected through EYS’s websites and EYS’s mobile services facility
Part A: General Customer Data privacy policy statement
1. Types of Customer Data
The types of Customer Data that EYS collects depends on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the service requested or transaction undertaken.
There are two broad categories of Customer Data that EYS collects depending on the circumstances:
Personal Data, which includes but is not limited to -
(i) personal information that links back to an individual e.g., name, gender, date of birth, passport or other personal identification numbers;
(ii) contact information e.g., address, phone number, email address;
(iii) payment information e.g., credit or debit card information, including the name of cardholder, card number, billing address and expiry date;
(iv) order information e.g., order information, product purchased or other service preferences;
(v) technical information e.g., IP address; and
Statistical Data e.g., number of orders, visits to website. This is stored purely for analytical purposes, and is entirely anonymous. This information will not be stored to your customer record, and will only be aggregated for statistical analysis so that we can better understand EYS's customer profile and improve EYS's service offering.
For purposes of this policy statement, the phrase Customer Data includes Personal Data and Statistical Data.
The provision of Customer Data relevant for the transaction or service request at hand, (save for where the request for data is marked “optional” in the forms used to collect personal data) is obligatory in order for EYS to carry out its services to you.
The failure to supply such Customer Data may result in (i) EYS being unable to provide you with the services and/or products requested; (ii) EYS being unable to update you on our latest products and/or launches; and/or (iii) your inability to enter or participate in contests, promotions or redemption activities organised by EYS.
2. Purposes for Collection, Use and Disclosure
Generally, EYS collects Customer Data, either directly from you or from your authorised representatives (i.e. persons whom you have authorised, persons who have been validly identified as being you or your authorised representative pursuant to our then-current security procedures), from third parties (e.g., our service provider), or from publicly available sources, through our website, mobile services, and other channels including our roadshow counters in order to fulfil the following purposes, which include but are not limited to:
Providing services to you such as processing a transaction (e.g., making a purchase), providing technical assistance, assisting you in the transaction, providing promotion alert messages through EYS’s mobile services facility, facilitating internet purchases and registering for EYS’s loyalty programme;
Providing in-store services and other services that best meet your preferences and needs (which we may collect during our interactions with you);
Marketing and communicating with you in relation to products and services offered by EYS, EYS’s service partners, as well as EYS’s appointed agents;
Contacting you for product or customer satisfaction surveys and market research; and
Safety, security and legal compliance.
EYS may also use and disclose your Customer Data with and to third parties in order to fulfill the purposes listed above.
In connection with the above, we may disclose your Customer Data to third parties, such as our freight service providers and logistics partners.
EYS may also use and disclose your Customer Data to persons who have been validly identified as being you or your authorised representative(s) pursuant to our then-current security procedures, for the purpose of the relevant transaction or enquiry.
EYS shall use its best endeavours to ensure that its employees, officers, agents, consultants, contractors and such other third parties mentioned above who are involved in the collection, use and disclosure of Customer Data will observe and adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
EYS may disclose your Customer Data to law enforcement agencies and government for security, customs purposes. For example, in cases where you send a product from EYS to family and friends overseas.
In addition, EYS may disclose Customer Data to our legal advisors for establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights, to our other professional advisors, or as otherwise authorised or required by law. EYS also reserves the right to share Customer Data as is necessary to prevent a threat to the life, health or security of an individual. Further, EYS may disclose Customer Data, as is necessary, to investigate suspected unlawful activities including but not limited to fraud, intellectual property infringement or privacy.
3. Transfer of information overseas
The EYS Head Office is based in Singapore. Customer Data may be transmitted to data storage facilities where EYS keeps its central records or for backup purpose. Customer Data may be transferred to EYS’s offices and appointed agents in Singapore or other countries in connection with EYS’s performance of the contract with you.
4. Consent
Generally, in the course of making a purchase at EYS or EYS performing servicing functions such as processing your order, helping you with membership registration, transmitting promotion alert messages or accepting payment information, Customer Data will, by nature of the task or transaction, be provided by Customer to EYS. In such instances, consent will necessarily be implied from the Customer that they are agreeable to providing Customer Data in order for EYS to provide the requested or necessary service and/or product to them.  However, where required by law, EYS will adopt an ‘opt-in' policy for obtaining customer consent, in which event, express written consent will be sought from you when collecting your Customer Data e.g., signing a form or checking a box. Where you make purchases on behalf of another person, you undertake and will ensure that the individual whose Customer Data is supplied to EYS has authorized the disclosure, is informed of and consents to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
You may submit a request to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting EYS (see Section 10) or by logging on to your website account with EYS.
Statistical Data is not linked to a customer record and EYS does not need to seek consent for the collection, use or disclosure of Statistical Data. For more information on the collection and usage of Customer Data obtained from EYS’s websites and through EYS’s mobile services facility, please refer to Part B.
5. Access
EYS will, upon your written request to our Personal Data Protection Officer (see Section 10), allow you to access your stored Personal Data. Where permitted by law, EYS reserves the right to charge a reasonable administrative fee for this service. Where permitted by law, EYS reserves the right to deny you access to your Personal Data and may provide an explanation.
6. Retention
EYS will retain Customer Data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, the legal or business purposes of EYS, or as required by relevant laws.
When destroying Customer Data, we will take commercially reasonable and technically possible measures to make the personal information irrecoverable or irreproducible in accordance with the applicable laws.
7. Accuracy
EYS needs your assistance to ensure that your Personal Data is current, complete and accurate. As such, please inform EYS of changes to your Personal Data by contacting EYS and submitting your updated particulars to EYS in writing (see Section 10).
EYS may also request Personal Data updates from you from time to time. As detailed in Section 2 above under the “Use and Disclosure” sub-section, your order information may be disclosed to the appropriate customs and immigration authorities (for overseas purchases) as required by law. As such, it is important to ensure that the Personal Data contained in your order information is current, complete and accurate.
8. Security safeguards
EYS takes the security and protection of your Customer Data very seriously. As such, EYS makes reasonable security arrangements to protect your Customer Data against loss or theft as well as unauthorised access and undue disclosure.
As an example of a procedural safeguard, EYS has implemented various authentication procedures internally and with our external service providers that may involve EYS requesting various personal particulars from you in order to verify your identity (or that of your duly authorised agent) before EYS processes your request for a particular service, product or transaction.
Examples of technical safeguards include encryption, “firewalls” and Secure Socket Layer (SSL). Further details of these technical safeguards for Customer Data collected through EYS’s websites and EYS’s mobile services facility are set out at Part B below.
If, however, a customer does not take reasonable care to ensure the continued confidentiality and accuracy of their Customer Data, EYS will not be liable for any consequential misuse and/or fraud. If you have any concerns about security, you should contact EYS (see Section 10).
9. Updates to the privacy policy
EYS will amend this Privacy Policy from time to time and the updated versions will be posted on EYS’s website and date stamped so that you are aware of when the Privacy Policy was last updated. Subject to applicable laws, the English version of this Privacy Policy will prevail over any version of this Privacy Policy in another language. In the event of any inconsistency in interpretation between the English version and any translation of the Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy statement in English will prevail.
10. Contact us / Personal Data Protection Officer Contact Details
If you have comments, questions or complaints about or requests relating to this Privacy Policy statement or how EYS handles personal data, please contact EYS in writing at the address below referencing ‘Privacy Policy':
Personal Data Protection Officer
Eu Yan Sang International Ltd
Eu Yan Sang Centre
21 Tai Seng Drive
Singapore 535223
Email: pdpo-corporate@euyansang.com referencing: Privacy Policy.
Part B: Privacy policy statement for Customer Data collected through our websites and our mobile services facility
1. Security safeguards
EYS takes the protection of your Customer Data collected on EYS’s websites and through EYS’s mobile services facility very seriously. All Customer Data collected through EYS’s websites, e.g., http://www.EuYanSang.com and through EYS’s mobile services facility are protected by a secure server. In addition, SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protects the transmission of data from the internet to our systems.
For example, when you transmit sensitive information such as credit card details through EYS’s websites, such information will be encrypted before being dispatched over the internet.
To further strengthen the integrity of your internet transactions on our websites, EYS also employs relevant software programs to monitor network traffic with a view to identifying unauthorised attempts to upload or change Customer Data, perpetuate fraudulent or illegal activities or otherwise cause damage. If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activities, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement authorities or agencies without notice to you.
To give you secure access to our online services, arising from your utilisation of EYS’s mobile services facility, and your account, you can register with us, and we will give you a membership number/ User ID with a PIN that is unique and personal to you. You should not share your membership number/User ID or PIN, and should always ‘log off' once you have finished your session on the websites as well as take the recommended precautions that ensure the safe and secure provision of EYS’s mobile services facility.
As an additional security feature, EYS has implemented a time stamp showing the time you have been on EYS’s websites and the last time you logged out. If you detect any anomalies you should inform EYS immediately.
2. Cookies
Most websites like ours use cookies to enhance your online experience. A cookie is a small string of information that the website that you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. Cookies are also used to remember for instance your user name and password.
You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used. For both options you have to adjust your browser settings (like internet explorer). There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. Please be aware though that when you have set your computer to reject cookies, it can limit the functionality of the website you visit and it’s possible then that you do not have access to some of the features on the website.
3. Clickstream data
In order to improve your online experience, EYS may track online behaviour or clickstream data to advance your use of our web pages and track referrals from other websites. Such data will not be stored to your customer record, and will only be aggregated for statistical analysis.
4. Links to other websites
EYS provides you with links to other websites for your convenience and information. You access these websites at your own risk and EYS is not responsible for these websites. Whilst EYS will protect your Customer Data on EYS websites, EYS cannot control or be responsible for the policies of other sites we may link to, or the use of any Customer Data you may share with them.  Please note that the EYS Privacy Policy does not cover these other websites, and EYS would recommend that you are apprised of their specific policies.
5. Minors
EYS cannot distinguish the age of persons who access and use its websites. If a minor (according to applicable laws) has provided EYS with Customer Data without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact EYS to remove the relevant Customer Data and unsubscribe the minor.
6. Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of www.EuYanSang.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more details, please refer to Google’s Privacy Policy.
FAQs
Order Processing & Delivery
Delivery & Shipping
Order Processing
Returns & Refunds
Other FAQs
Online Promotion
User Manual
Registering an Account
Updating Your Personal Information
Terms & Conditions
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Need Help?
If you have any question or need help with your account, you may Contact Us to assist you.
Close
Subscribe for free! Get US$10 off your first order! No minimum spend.
Thanks for subscribing! We have sent you an email with your welcome code in it. Read T&Cs.
You are already on our mailing list.
Please enter a valid email
Get US$10 off your first order!*
Get it Now!
*Terms & conditions apply