http://www.kerisys.com/privacy/
Member Log in
ACCESS CONTROL BLOG
info@kerisys.com
Search
Home
Products
Access Control Products and Security Solutions
Intelliprox Blue
New! Neutron Mini-Controller ®
Pedestrian Turnstiles
Keri’s i2 Series™
Visual DOORS Graphical Access Control Software
Doors.NET™
Doors.NET™ System Overview
Emergency Lockdown
AutoUSB Networking
Doors.WEB™
NXT Hardware Platform
Entraguard
EntraGuard Titanium
EntraGuard Silver
EntraGuard Platinum
IntelliProx
PXL-500
Door Access Control Software
PXL-500 Tiger Controller
SB-593 Satellite Board
RS-485 Over Ethernet
KWX Wireless Transceivers
Keri Proximity Readers
NXT Proximity Readers
MS Readers
Add-on/Replacement/New HID Cards
Proximity Cards and Tags
NXT Credentials
Wireless Receiver / Keri-Key Transmitter
BioSync Fingerprint Reader
Mercury Hardware
Peripherals
Power Supplies
Keri Systems Software Downloads Center
NEW! Borealis - Cloud Solutions
NEW! Covid Secure Response
Security Solutions
How Can Access Control Help Me?
What is Access Control?
Proactive Security vs. Reactive Security
What to Look for In an Access Control System
What can access control systems do?
Can access control help my business save money?
Installations like mine - Case Studies
Allow Us to Provide a Free, Detailed Security Analysis
Solutions for Your Business Type
Multi-Tenant Residential Housing
Multi-Tenant Commercial/Mixed Use
Living & Healthcare
Commercial, Industrial & Manufacturing
Financial Institutions
Houses of Worship
Transportation & Commerce
Financial & Professional Services
Lower & Higher Education
Municipalities/Regional & National Government
Hotels & Resorts
Media & Broadcasting
Installations Like Mine - Case Studies
Solution White Papers
Access Control Products and Security Solutions
Support & Resources
On Demand Video Centre
Knowledge Base
Questions about an Installation or Programming?
Register Products Online
Password Recovery Request
Documentation and Downloads
Solution White Papers
Glossary
Marketing Literature
Product Photos
Warranty Statement and Parts list
Document Center
Support
Training Class Schedule
Request an RMA
Warranty Statement and Parts list
information & News
Links in this section
Why Choose Keri Systems?
About Keri Systems
Keri Catalog
Blog - Latest News
What Our Cust. Saying
Image Attributions
Media Archive
Home Page Archives
Keri's Green Initiative
Tradeshow Schedule
Careers with Keri
Unauthorized Resellers
End-User Brochure
Partners
Contact
Keri Systems, Inc.
Worldwide Sales Regions
Request a Call Local Dealer
Become a Reseller/Installer
Request More Information
Technical Support
Feature Requests
Privacy Policy
Keri Systems, Inc. Privacy Policy
Why does Keri Systems have a Privacy Policy?
At a time when businesses face an almost daily barrage of junk mail, junk faxes, spam, and unsolicited calls, Keri does not want to become more noise in the system. If you are not interested in our products at this time, we do not want to bother you. However, if you find you are interested in Keri's products, we anxiously look forward to working with you.
How does Keri get my Contact Information?
Links at various places throughout the web site connect you with forms that allow you to enter the contact information that you wish to give us. These forms allow you to send us your comments, report problems, or sign-up for our marketing or technical bulletins.
What Information does Keri Collect?
Just the basic contact information: name, company, street address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
Hotjar Privacy Explained:
Hotjar is behavior analytics software. It is used by website owners to gain a better understanding of how users interact with their website and to identify issues that their users are running into when browsing their website. Hotjar provides website owners with tools such as Heatmaps, Recordings, and Surveys that help them to gain insight into their users’ experience on their website. This insight is used by website owners to make changes that improve the overall experience for their users.
Keri Systems has Disabled Recordings when using our website.
"We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
Hotjar does not record any sensitive data, such as recording of key strokes or entries, or personal information which is identifiable to you, We have enabled text and image supression, therefore any entries are converted to Astirsks (***) or 1's (111)
All fields, text, and images are suppressed before sending the data back to our servers. There is no way to retrieve the content suppressed once a report has been created.
For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site."
For details on hotjar's privacy policy please visit: Privacy FAQ's
You may request deletion of any information collected via Hotjar at any time by using the Contact us page on Keri Systems.
All Behavior and Interaction data collected will be retained for no longer than one year. It will then be automatically deleted. All Feedback responses data submitted is stored in accordance with our Data Retention Policy.
The right for the user to withdraw this consent is present at any time. From the date when the withdraw of consent occurs, we will no longer combine Feedback responses with information about behavior. Requests to have data removed by your user can be actioned with our Visitor Lookup tool.
User Experience Monitoring:
IP Address - For blocking malicious requests
Device Identifier - Such as Mobile, Desktop, Tablet)
Location - Country the visitor is visiting from
Operating System - Operating system in use, this is for UX Monitoring
Browser - Browser visiting for User Experience, and bug tracking
Resolution - Resolution, to see what the average user's resolution is, and what is displayed on the page for their resolution size
How does Keri use this Information?
The information that you choose to leave directs us in how to contact you.
We will respond to your comments and questions, and if you request it, we will sign you up for our newsletters.
Does Keri Share that Information with any Third Parties?
Keri only shares your contact information within the Keri family of dealers and distributors (the dealer or distributor who is best able to meet your needs).
Keri does not share your contact information with any parties outside of the Keri family of dealers and distributors.
Does the Keri Web Page use Cookies?
Cookies are little data files of tracking information that are placed on your computer if your web browser allows them. Cookies are often used to keep track of the individual pages within a web site that you have viewed, allowing a company to build interest level, statistical, and demographic information on the people who view their web pages. While Cookies can be useful in certain circumstances, Keri has decided not to use Cookies.
I've Changed my Mind! Please Remove me from your Contact List.
If you have submitted contact information, but later change your mind, please feel free to send us a message and request that you be removed from our Contact List.
Please keep in mind that we may not be able to prevent any contact efforts that have begun prior to receiving your request. However, we will ensure that no future contacts are made.
Consent
By continuing to use this Web Site, you signify you understand and agree with this Privacy Policy.
Member Login - Legal Terms & Privacy Disclaimer
Privacy Policy - Site Map - Unauthorized Resellers Notice
© 2020 Keri Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved