https://www.nacl.com/privacy-policy/
NACL Home >
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
North American Coating Laboratories is committed to protecting your online privacy while you use the services provided on our website. We urge you to read this privacy policy in its entirety so you will understand all of the practices and procedures we follow relating to your online privacy.
North American Coating Laboratories only has access to or collects information that visitors to our website voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We do not use cookies or any hidden tracking devices on our website.
North American Coating Laboratories will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
North American Coating Laboratories will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
You may opt out of receiving any future contacts from us at any time.  This includes an “opt out notice” in any future email we may send you.
You may request, via phone, e-mail or regular mail that we provide you with the personal information we have collected from you. Once you receive this information, we will modify or delete from our systems any or all of your personal information as soon as practicable after our receipt of a written request from you stating in reasonable detail the modification/deletion requested; provided that we reserve the right to verify your identity before sending you this information
Machine outage? Backlogged orders? North American Coating Laboratories Can Help!
Let's discuss how we can assist with the everyday challenges that arise in the day-to-day management of your lab.
Contact Us
Quote Request
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings