http://www.sealmaster.com/privacy/
Seal Master knows that your privacy is important. Our privacy policy outlines the information we collect, and how we use it.
Personal Information Collection
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
Seal Master Corporation collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.) when you voluntarily provide that information
Pages you visit (as well as time spent on each page)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Seal Master Corporation with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Sign up for our newsletter
Complete a contact form
Accept cookies on the site
Click-to-Call
Seal Master Corporation may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Google Analytics (website tracking)
Addthis (social media sharing buttons)
Phone Wagon
How will we use your data?
Seal Master Corporation collects your data so that we can:
Respond to your inquiries.
Email you periodically with helpful industry and company news.
Provide you with a Google Map of our location.
Provide you with an easy way to share our content to social media etc.
Provide you with helpful industry links and information.
How do we store your data?
All data is encrypted and stored securely by our website hosting provider, Kinsta, which has extensive security measures. Review Kinsta’s privacy policy here.
Seal Master Corporation will keep your personal data until you request to be removed.
Marketing
Seal Master Corporation would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Seal Master Corporation from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us.
What are your data protection rights?
Seal Master Corporation would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request that Seal Master Corporation provide copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Seal Master Corporation correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Seal Master Corporation to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Seal Master Corporation erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Seal Master Corporation restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Seal Master Corporation’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Seal Master Corporation transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us in any of the following ways:
Email us at: info@sealmaster.com
Call us at: (330) 673-8410
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses cookies for:
Functionality – Seal Master Corporation uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – Seal Master Corporation uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Seal Master Corporation sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Seal Master Corporation website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Seal Master Corporation keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 4 June, 2020.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Seal Master Corporation’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: info@sealmaster.com
Call us at: (330) 673-8410
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Seal Master Corporation has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Phone: 0303 123 1113
This Site Uses Cookies to Improve Your Experience
The use of cookies is required to deliver certain portions of our website, such as 3rd party educational resources and content. We also use cookies to track your basic website usage, which enables us to improve how our website meets your needs. If you decline, some areas of our site may be unavailable. Read our privacy policy for complete details.
Agree To Cookies
Deny Cookies
Search Seal Master Corp.