https://www.businesslogo.net/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Business Logo Design is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly
maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide
us online.
It is Business Logo Design's policy that personal information, such as your
name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number, is private and confidential.
Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location,
is accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for
which you provide the information (such as to reply to your request or to handle
your complaint (as for additional questionnaire it helps us in designing your
logo with more ideas & flexibility). For example, if you fill in the order
form online, the personal information you provide will be used to process your
order only & additional information will help us in your logo design.
No Release of Information to Third Parties:
Personal information will not be released to third parties except when a client
requests that we share information with another firm. There are no other circumstances
under which we will provide or sell personal information to third parties.
Legal Agreement:
All the rights of the finalized logo and artwork Business Logo Design has created and designed for
its clients belongs to the client it was designed for. Business Logo Design does not hold any rights of
the logo created ( provided that final payment has been received from the client ).
The client is free to register his/her logo created by Business Logo
Design under
his/her name or trademark.
Business Logo
Design does not provide registration services, nor does it assume responsibility
of an event of a plagiarized name, existing identity, or extreme logo similarity.
However, in the event of this situation, we will modify the logo to correct
and/or aid our customer for a time period of no more than 6 months of creating
primary image. We suggest you register the logo with your state or province
in order to protect its design. This will protect you from others copying your
logo design.