http://www.sealock.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
December 25, 2017
by Ad Min
317
What information do we collect and how do we use your information?
If you email us through the “Contact Us” link on this site or fill out an online form, we ask you for information such as your name, email address, and phone number so we can respond to your questions and comments. You may choose to provide additional information as well.
How do we share your information?
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our website visitors without their prior authorization. We may share information provided by our visitors with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use the personal information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
How do we use cookies, web beacons, and tracking technologies?
Like many companies, we use browser cookies on this website. Browser cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use browser cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Browser cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new browser cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new browser cookie, and how to disable existing browser cookies. Remember though, without browser cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes and stores information, such as the visitor’s IP address/domain name combination and any referring websites. We use this information to understand visitor traffic patterns through our websites for purposes such as enhancing their usability. Your computer provides this information automatically each time you log on, unless you have activated blocking technology available in some browsers.
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Certain pages on our site may contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. We use log files to store the data that is collected through web beacons. We also use third party web beacons to help manage online advertising. These web beacons are provided by our ad management partners, such as Google Analytics. These files enable Google Analytics to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie on your web browser was placed by us, or by an advertiser who works with us. With both cookies and web beacon technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number or email address.
How do we protect your information?
Our service provider employs reasonable administrative and technical security measures in place to help protect against loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, as with any Internet website, it is not possible to guarantee that the site will not be attacked or that information you provided may not be compromised.
How can you control what information is collected and used?
For more information about Google Analytics, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to www.google-analytics.com.
Related Posts
Sealock Is Proud To Partner With
Supplier Compliance Audit Network (SCAN)
September 5, 2019
Videos
December 26, 2017
Launched in 1996, Sealock Security Systems, Inc. is a leader in creating industry-best tamper-evident container security technology. Sealock's unique hybrid devices became the first container seals to be declared a valid anti-terrorist technology by the Department of Homeland Security. Today, they continue to set the international standard for container security solutions that protect cargo, prevent break-ins, and improve supply chain integrity.
READ MORE >
CONTACT INFO
General:(305) 418-7603
Customer Service:(305) 418-7617
Fax:(305) 592-2970
PRODUCTS
Single Use Products
Multi-Use Products
Tamper Evident Products
Installation Information
Copyright © Sealock Security Systems, Inc. |
Privacy Policy | Web Design & Development by AdServices Inc.