http://www.white-lake.com/disclaimer-and-privacy-statement
Deonet uses cookies and similar techniques to offer you an optimal visitor experience and to measure your online behavior. With these cookies Deonet and Deonet collaborating third parties can follow your internet behavior within this website. In this way Deonet can adapt advertisements to your interests and you can share information via social media. By clicking "ALLOW COOKIES" or by continuing to use this website you agree to this. Click here for more information.
Allow Cookies
Shopping CartMy Cart
0
€0.00
Home
Disclaimer & privacy statement
Disclaimer
By visiting this website and / or use the information provided on or via this website, you declare that you accept the applicability of this disclaimer.
The information on this website is only intended as general information. No rights can be derived from the information on this website. Although White Lake takes care when compiling and maintaining this website and makes use of sources that are considered reliable, we can not guarantee the correctness, completeness and topicality of the information provided. White Lake does not guarantee that the website will function flawlessly or uninterrupted or free from viruses. White Lake disclaims any liability with regard to the accuracy, completeness, topicality of the information provided and the (undisturbed) use of this website.
Information from third parties, products and services
On the website of White Lake are links to third party websites, we accept no liability and no responsibility for the content, use or availability of third party websites. The use of such links is at your own risk. The information on these websites is not further assessed for correctness, reasonableness, topicality or completeness by White Lake.
Use of information
All intellectual property rights and other rights with regard to all information offered on or via this website (including all texts, graphic material and logos) are held by White Lake. It is not permitted to copy, download or in any way copy information on this website, publish, distribute or reproduce without prior written permission from White Lake. You may print and / or download information on this website for your own personal use only.
Amendments
We have the right to change the information offered, including this disclaimer, at any time without further notice. It is advisable to regularly check whether the information offered on or via this website, including this disclaimer, has been changed.
Applicable law
Dutch law applies to this website and the disclaimer. All disputes arising from or in connection with this disclaimer will only be submitted to a Dutch court within the district of White Lake.
Privacy statement
White Lake,located at Dillenburgstraat 29, 5652 AM Eindhoven, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement.
Contact details:
www.white-lake.comDillenburgstraat 295652 AM EindhovenThe Netherlands
For more information, please contact us via info@white-lake.com
Personal data that we process:
White Lake process your personal data by using our services and / or by providing it to us yourself.
Below is an overview of the personal data we process:
First and last name
Address data
Phone number
E-mail address
IP address
Other personal data that you actively provide, for example by creating a profile on this website, in correspondence and by telephone
Location data
Information about your activities on our website
Data about your surfing behavior across various websites.
List of contact details of the customer via an app
Internet browser and device type
Bank account number
Special and / or sensitive personal data that we process:
Our website and / or service does not intend to collect data about website visitors who are younger than 16 years. Unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, we can not check if a visitor is older than 16. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without this permission, please contact us via info@white-lake.com, then we will delete this information.
For what purpose and on the basis of which we process personal data:
White Lake processes your personal data for the following purposes:
Handling your payment
Sending our newsletter and / or advertising brochure
You can call or email if necessary to carry out our services
inform you about changes to our services and products
Give you the opportunity to create an account
To deliver goods and services to you
White Lake analyzes your behavior on the website in order to improve the website and to tailor the range of products and services to your preferences.
White Lake also processes personal data if we are legally obliged to do so, such as information we need for our tax return.
Automated decision-making
White Lake
does take decisions based on automated processing on matters that can have (significant) consequences for people. These are decisions taken by computer programs or systems, without involving a person (for example a White Lake employee, for example).
How long we store personal data
White Lake does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected. We use a storage period of 3 years.
Sharing personal data with third parties
White Lake provides only to third parties and only if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use:
White Lake uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. White Lake e.g. uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to make the website work well and to optimize it. In addition, we place cookies that keep track of your browsing habits so that we can offer customized content and advertisements.
On your first visit to our website we have already informed you about these cookies and asked permission for their placement.
You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it does not store cookies anymore. In addition, you can also delete all information previously saved via the settings of your browser.
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by White Lake, e.g. and you have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal information we have in your computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you.
You can send a request for inspection, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to info@white-lake.com.
To ensure that the request for access has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your ID with the request. Make your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and citizen service number black in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We respond as quickly as possible, but within four weeks, at your request.
White Lake also point out that you have the opportunity to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority. This can be done via the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
How we protect personal data
White Lake e.g. take the protection of your data seriously and take appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not secure or that there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service or via info@white-lake.com.