http://www.paradigmtax.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
We only use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests and to provide you with information about Paradigm Tax Group's services, unless we obtain your permission to use your personal information for other purposes. If you send us a resume to apply for a position with Paradigm Tax Group, we will use the information provided to match you with available opportunities.
Some of our Web sites may invite you to register and provide information about yourself. We use the information you provide to personalize your online experience and to deliver the content most suited to your needs. Such Web sites also provide an opportunity for you to update your registration information should you no longer wish to receive information from us.
In addition, "cookies" (i.e., small text files placed on your computer when you first visit the site) are used on some of our Web sites. Most browsers now recognize when a cookie is offered and permit you to refuse or accept it. If you are not sure whether your browser has this capability, you should check with the software manufacturer, your company's technology help desk or your Internet Service Provider.
Cookies are primarily used to enhance your online experience and are not used to track the navigational habits of identified visitors, unless we obtain your permission to do so. If you visit our sites to read or download information, such as news stories or articles, much of the information we do collect is statistical only (e.g., the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site) and not personally identifiable. We use this information about the number of visitors and their use of the sites in aggregate form to make our sites more useful and attractive to you.
The personal information you provide to us will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law. We do not share personal information with third parties except as necessary to carry out our business or as required by law or other legal processes, and we never sell your personal information. By submitting data through Paradigm Tax Group electronically, you are providing explicit consent to trans-border transmission of data collected via Paradigm Tax Group's web sites.
Paradigm Tax Group recognizes its responsibility for protecting the online privacy of your personal information. If you have questions or comments about our administration of your personal information, please contact us.  You may also use this address to communicate any concerns you may have regarding compliance with our Privacy Policy.
As you are aware, we are all facing an unprecedented health event involving COVID-19. We here at Paradigm Tax Group consider the safety of our employees, as well as our clients, our top priority. We want you to know that during this major event, we are still open for business and ready to serve the property tax needs of all of our clients and will do so with the health and safety of everyone concerned at the top of our minds. READ MORE…
×
Contact Your Local Property Tax Expert
Name
Company Name
Paradigm Tax Group does not service single-family residential properties at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Phone
Email
State
Company HQ State Alabama (AL)Alaska (AK)Arizona (AZ)Arkansas (AR)California (CA)Colorado (CO)Connecticut (CT)Delaware (DE)District of Columbia (DC)Florida (FL)Georgia (GA)Hawaii (HI)Idaho (ID)Illinois (IL)Indiana (IN)Iowa (IA)Kansas (KS)Kentucky (KY)Louisiana (LA)Maine (ME)Maryland (MD)Massachusetts (MA)Michigan (MI)Minnesota (MN)Mississippi (MS)Missouri (MO)Montana (MT)Nebraska (NE)Nevada (NV)New Hampshire (NH)New Jersey (NJ)New Mexico (NM)New York (NY)North Carolina (NC)North Dakota (ND)Ohio (OH)Oklahoma (OK)Oregon (OR)Pennsylvania (PA)Rhode Island (RI)South Carolina (SC)South Dakota (SD)Tennessee (TN)Texas (TX)Utah (UT)Vermont (VT)Virginia (VA)Washington (WA)West Virginia (WV)Wisconsin (WI)Wyoming (WY)
Question
Current month ye@r (4 digits) day *
Leave this field empty *