http://www.chocolatesalacarte.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Choc-Art LLC dba Chocolates à la Carte collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.candymaker.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Choc-Art LLC dba Chocolates à la Carte. PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. WEB BROWSER COOKIES Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION Choc-Art may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. To personalize user experience we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site. To improve our Site we may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services. To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature to send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them. To send periodic emails It may be used to respond to user inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.  CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Choc-Art  has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. YOU’RE ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. CONTACTING US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Choc-Art LLC dba Chocolates à la Carte (661)257-3700 24836 Avenue Rockefeller Valencia, Ca 91355
top