http://www.stockpickssystem.com/privacy-policy/
Login | Register
Home
Market History
Smart Investors
Education
Terms
INFORMATION
Our Stock System
History of Stock Picks
FAQ
Portfolio Performance
Testimonials
SUBSCRIPTION
MEMBERS AREA
Stock Picks System
SPS Position Manager
Rock Bottom Value Port
Stocks to Avoid Port
Covered Call Plays
Current Stock Report
Getting Started
Member's FAQ
How to Trade
Trading Indicators
Trading Strategies
Trading Patterns
Money Management
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Stock Picks System.com
Stock Picks System.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Stock Picks System.com
Data Privacy
On some pages, you can order subscriptions to our premium services. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name:
Address:
Email address:
Phone number:
Stock Picks System.com uses this information to identify the user and administer our services.  Paypal and Neteller our authorized merchants which collects credit card and user information in order to administer our services.  Stock Picks System.com never has access to our customer’s credit card number rather the information stays confidential within its merchants.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Stock System Inc is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority at Stock Picks System.com.  We have taken careful measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information.  All credit card transactions are carried on a safe secure SSL server which uses state of the art encryption technology.  Your information is only accessible by to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.  Our authorized merchant is the only company which has access to your credit card information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can Contact Us.
Comments are closed.
More About Us
About Us
Contact Us
Sitemap
Free Info
Market History
Smart Investors
Education
Terms
Member Quick Links
Stock Picks System
SPS Position Manager
Current Stock Report
Covered Call Plays
Site Info
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US!
© 2020 Stock Systems Inc. All rights reserved
Back to Top