http://www.incense-salishwinds.com/terms_privacy.asp
Go!
Shop by Fragrance
Altar
Cedarwood
Cinnamon Twist
Citronella
Clary Sage
English Ivy
Frankincense & Myrrh
Garden of Eden
Jasmine
Lavender
Nag Champa
North Pine
Patchouli
Rose
Sandalwood
Shahrazad
Smudge
Sunset Meadow
Vanilla Balsam
Shop by Product
INCENSE
15 Sticks
30 Sticks
100 Sticks
Case
Incense Making Kit
Cone Incense
Resin & Smudge
INCENSE BURNERS
Iron & WoodIncense Burners
Stone and CeramicIncense Burners
Resin, Smudge & ConeIncense Burners
OILS
100% Pure Essential Oils
Fragrance Oils
ILLUMINATION
Aroma Lamps
Candles
Wholesale
Sign up
Log in
Wholesale Catalog
Home
About Us
Contact
View Cart
My Account/Order Status
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products,
or
use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties. The term "outside parties" does not include Salish Winds. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.