https://www.jvanvliet.com/help/
How can we help you?
Frequently Asked Questions
The answer to your question might be already available in our Frequently Asked Questions! Check them out!
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact through WhatsApp
For direct contact with our support team send us a WhatsApp message:
Holland: +31 (0)6 57 46 30 16
Cash & Carries: +44 (0)77 74 80 29 90
WhatsApp NL
WhatsApp CC
Remote Assistance
We offer remote assistance, where we temporarily control your desktop to be of even better service! This software is the most used software by helpdesks worldwide.
Download Teamviewer
Webshop Support
For urgent matters please contact us directly:
Van VLIET Flower Group
+31 (0)6 57 46 30 16
J. van VLIET Cash & Carry Group
+44 (0)77 74 80 29 90
Information & Tools
Webshop Tips
Special Days Calendar 2020
Webshop Quick Guide
www.jvanvliet.com uses cookies that are required for full functionality.
OKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
WEBSHOP LOGIN
x