http://www.coswick.com/privacy-statement/
Coswick. Inspire
0
Product
was added to your cart
www.coswick.ruRU
Search
HOME
PRODUCTS
PLANK HARDWOOD FLOORING
MOSAIC WOOD FLOORING
SPORTS FLOORING
WALL PANELS
MOLDINGS
ACCESSORIES
CARE PRODUCTS
CHOOSE YOUR COLOR
WHY COSWICK
ABOUT US
WHERE TO BUY
PRIVACY STATEMENTHome
PRIVACY STATEMENT
COSWICK is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the COSWICK Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the COSWICK website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
COSWICK may collect anonymous demographic information, such as visitor ZIP codes, age, gender, preferences.
COSWICK also collects computer hardware and software information, which may include visitor IP addresses, browser types, access times and frequency, URLs of referring sites. This information is used by COSWICK to maintain quality of service and to provide general statistics regarding the use of COSWICK web site.
COSWICK encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from COSWICK so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. COSWICK is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the COSWICK.COM and COSWICK family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
COSWICK collects and uses your personal information to operate the COSWICK Web site and deliver the services you have requested. COSWICK may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from COSWICK and its affiliates. COSWICK may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
COSWICK does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
COSWICK does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations.
COSWICK keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within COSWICK, in order to determine what COSWICK services are the most popular. This data is used to improve the quality of COSWICK Web site and user experience therein.
COSWICK Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on COSWICK or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of COSWICK; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of COSWICK, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The COSWICK Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize COSWICK pages, or register with COSWICK site or services, a cookie helps COSWICK to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same COSWICK Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the COSWICK features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the COSWICK services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
COSWICK secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. COSWICK secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
COSWICK will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. COSWICK encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how COSWICK is protecting your information.
Contact Information
COSWICK welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that COSWICK has not adhered to this Statement, please contact COSWICK at astapchikmv@coswick.com
About Us
Contacts
Dealer Section
Dealer Login
Recent News
Sitemap
Follow usEmailFacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTubeVimeoInstagramPinterestSkypeHouzzViberRSS
Certificates
Contacts2B Kolasa Str Zaslavl,
Republic of Belarus 223 034+375-17-543-2012+375-17-543-2020mail@coswick.com
© Coswick Ltd.
2008-2020 All rights reserved | Privacy Statement | Terms Of Use