http://www.universalstandard.com/pages/privacy-policy
EXTRA 50% OFF SALE2 SIGNATURE SHIRTS - SAVE $60SHIPPING CUTOFF: 12/15 GROUND & 12/22 EXPEDITEDFIND THE PERFECT GIFT
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Modified on November 17, 2020
OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY
This Privacy Policy sets out how Universal Standard Inc. ("Universal Standard", "we", "our" or "us") collects, stores, processes, transfers, shares and uses your information, our use of cookies and similar technologies, and your rights and choices with respect to our data practices.
We operate an e-commerce platform, which we make available through our website www.universalstandard.com (our "Website").
This Privacy Policy applies to our Website and to our US stores (together, the "Service") and any other offline or online location that make this Privacy Policy available to you. Please ensure that you have read this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
and understand how we collect, store, use and disclose your information, both online and offline through the Service. If you do not agree with our data practices, discontinue use of the Service.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICE
We collect information that you voluntarily submit directly to us when you use the Service. This includes information you provide to us when you set up an account on the Website, fill in a form on the Website, purchase a product, interact with us in-store, correspond with us by phone, participate in a promotion, e-mail or otherwise, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, or use some other feature of the Website.
The categories of information we collect include:
Contact Data, including your first and last name, email address, postal address, and phone number.
Account Credentials, including your username, password, password hints, and information for authentication and account access.
Demographic Data, including your age, gender, and country.
Payment Data, including your payment instrument number (such as credit or debit card number), expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your payment.
Profile Data, including your interests, inferences, preferences and favorites.
Content, including when you contact us directly, content within any messages you send us (such as feedback and questions to customer support) or publicly post on the Service (such as a product review), and information you provide when you voluntarily participate in a promotion, survey, or other marketing event.
Personal Contacts Data, including the first and last name, email address, and phone number of your personal contacts. We collect data about your contacts with your consent and to fulfill a request by you, such as finding your contacts on the Service or inviting your contacts to join the Service. Such functionality is only intended for U.S. residents. By using this functionality, you acknowledge and agree that both you and your contacts are based in the U.S. and that you have your contacts’ consent for us to use their contact information to fulfill your request.
If you choose not to provide such information, we may not be able to provide certain parts of the Service to you or respond to your other requests.
You may choose to voluntarily provide other information to us that we do not request, and in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AUTOMATICALLY
We also automatically collect information about you when you access and use the Website. The categories of information we automatically collect include:
Service Use Data, including information about the data and time of your transaction on the Service, the purchase channel, products viewed, if you read our emails, how you otherwise engage with us, how frequently you access the Service, how long you use the Service, your referring and exiting pages, the Website pages you visit, the links you click on while on the Service.
Device Data, including type of device, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, date and time stamp, a unique ID (that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device, or your account), operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Service through the device, your mobile network, your IP address and your device’s telephone number (if it has one). When you access our Service from a mobile device, we collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google AdID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, and mobile device operating system brand and model.
Location Data, including approximate device location (such as by analyzing other information, like an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level), and depending on your mobile device settings, with your consent we collect your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude and/or longitude).
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information, and similar tracking technologies. For more information on cookies and other tracking technologies we use and your rights and choices with respect to them, please see
Sections
8, 9, and 10 below.
INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
We also collect information from other sources. The categories of sources from which we collect information include:
Social Networks with which you interact.
Partners that offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Publicly available sources including information in the public domain.
We link or combine the information you provide and the information we collect automatically with information we get from other sources. This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with the Service.
USE OF INFORMATION
We collect and use information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Our business purposes for collecting and using information include:
To process any orders that you make using the Service
To set up and authenticate your account and future account logins.
To tailor how the Website is displayed to you (such as the language displayed)
To deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service.
To communicate with you, including sending service-related communications.
To develop and send advertising, direct marketing, and communications about our and other entities’ products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services.
When you voluntarily participate in a promotion, sweepstakes, or contest, including to verify your eligibility and provide and deliver prizes in connection with your entries when applicable.
To conduct research, including focus groups and surveys.
To monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities.
To administer and improve the Service, and other Universal Standard websites, apps, marketing efforts, products, and services.
To operate, maintain and provide the social features and functionalities of the Service.
To address your questions, issues, and concerns.
To process your payments for products and services available through the Service.
To send to you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
To prevent and address fraud or suspicious activity in relation to your account and the Service.
To comply with our legal obligations
To fulfill any other purpose at your direction.
With notice to you and your consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may anonymize and aggregate or de-identify any of the information we collect (so that it does not identify you) for any purpose except as prohibited by law. For more information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see Sections 9, 10, 11, and 12.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We share your information with the following categories of parties ( in accordance with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy):
Service providers. We share your information with service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include providing professional services, such as legal and accounting services, mailing, email or chat services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
Vendors and other parties. We share information with vendors and other parties for analytics and advertising related purposes. These parties may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information.
Partners. We share information, including contact information and transaction information with our marketing partners in connection with offering co-branded services, selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing activities.
Promotional Partners. We share information with other parties with whom we jointly provide events, contests, sweepstakes, or other promotional activities. These partners will usually be clearly identified in the contest rules or promotional materials. When you voluntarily enter a promotion, we share information as set out in the official rules or additional terms that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list for sweepstakes and contests). By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules or additional terms that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
Product Reviews. We share information you make public through the Service when you submit a review of our products. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to additional rights set out in the “Additional Rights and Choices” section below.
Business transactions: We share your information to other parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Law enforcement, regulators and for other legal reasons. We share information as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements, including our Terms of Service; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Universal Standard, its users or others.
Facilitating Requests. We share information at your request or direction.
Consent. We share information with notice to you and your consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may share information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you, please see Sections 8-11 below.
STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting your account ID, password, credit or debit card information or national identification numbers. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
International Transfers. We are based in the U.S. and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that the information we collect may be transferred to, processed, used, and stored in the U.S. and other jurisdictions outside your country of residence. If you are accessing our Website from the European Economic Area ("EEA"), your information will be processed outside of the EEA, including in the United States. For personal data transferred from Europe, we will ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES USED ON OUR WEBSITE
Cookies (small data files stored on your device) and similar technologies such as pixels (code embedded in a website, video, email, or advertisement) and Local Storage Objects (LSOs), like HTML5, (together "cookies") to distinguish you from other users of our Service. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to monitor and analyze how users interact with our Website so that we can continue to improve our Website. It also helps us and our advertising partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you, in order to serve you advertisements both on and off the Service.
Do Not Track. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site operators should in response to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
We use the following types of tracking technologies:
Session cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website and expire when you close your browser. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. These are used to recognize you when you return to our Website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Persistent cookies. They allow us to personalize your experience, remember your preferences, and support security features. They also allow us to bring you advertising on and off the Service. Persistent cookies may remain on your device for extended periods of time, and generally may be controlled through your browser settings.
Log files. These are files that record events that occur in connection with your use of the Service.
Pixels. Pixels are code embedded in a website, video, email, or advertisement that send information about your use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains JavaScript code). When you access a website, video, email, or advertisement that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a separate entity to drop or read cookies on your browser. Pixels are used in combination with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device. We may incorporate pixels (e.g., the Facebook SDK) from separate entities that allow us to track our conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the Service, and provide you with additional functionality.
Device Fingerprinting. This allows us to analyze and combine sets of data elements from your device’s browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, to create a “fingerprint” of your device and uniquely identify your browser and device.
Location-Identifying Technologies. These technologies allow us to collect your location. For example, GPS, WiFi, and Bluetooth may be used to collect precise location data when you consent to precise location tracking. Location data may be used for purposes such as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant content and advertising based on that location.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES USED IN OUR EMAILS
Our emails contain tracking pixels that identify if and when you have opened an email that we have sent you, how many times you have read it and whether you have clicked on any links in that email. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing email campaigns, make the emails we send to you more relevant to your interests and to understand if you have opened and read any important administrative emails we might send you.
Some browsers also give you the option of downloading and installing extensions that block pixels and other tracking technologies.
ANALYTICS AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
We participate in interest-based advertising and use agencies, advertising companies, ad networks, and other technology services to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history and use of the Service. We may, or permit other parties to incorporate tracking technologies into our Service (including our Website and emails) as well as into our ads displayed on other websites and services. Some of these tracking technologies may collect information about your use of the Website over time and services so that they may play or display ads on the Website, on other websites, apps or services you may use (including Facebook), and on other devices you may use (“Interest-based Advertising”).
We also use audience matching services to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our Service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“Matched Ads”). This is done by us uploading a customer list to another party or incorporating a pixel from another party into our own Service, and the other party matching common factors between our data and their data or other datasets. For instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel on our Service and may share your email address with Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences.
We use analytics services, such as Google Analytics. These services enable us to understand how users access and use the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google Analytics products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
.
To opt out of us using your data for Matched Ads, please contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section below and specify that you wish to opt out of matched ads. We will request that the applicable party not serve you matched ads based on information we provide to it. Alternatively, you may directly contact the applicable party to opt out.
You can control interest-based advertising on a particular device through the settings on your device by selecting "limit ad tracking" (iOS) or "opt out of interest based ads" (Android). You also opt-out of some, but not all, interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.
To learn more about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit:
the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
;
the DAA’s resources at
www.aboutads.info/choices
; and/or
Your Online Choices at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s or Your Online Choices online resources will only opt you out from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but you may still receive interest-based ads on your other devices. You would need to perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements regarding their opt out options or programs.
Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or devices, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.
Please note that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean you will no longer see advertising on your device – it just means that adverts may no longer be tailored to your interests.
MAILING CAMPAIGNS AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
From time to time, we use information collected in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy to send promotions via direct mail, such as through the use of postcards and catalogs (“Mailers”).
Universal Standard may engage and work with vendors and other parties, who combine information we provide with your mailing address in order to deliver the Mailers. Our vendors and other parties may place tracking technologies on our Service as necessary to directly associate the Mailer with your activity on the Service.
You may opt-out of Mailers by emailing us at the email address set out in the “Contacting Us” section below.
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Profile and Account Information. You may update your profile and account information, such as your contact information, change some of your data sharing preferences by accessing your Account page on the Website.
Emails. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
Text Messages. You can opt-out of receiving text messages at any time by texting “STOP” in response to any text message you receive from us or contacting us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below and specifying you want to opt-out of text messages.
Please note that your opt out is limited to the email address, device, and phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
OTHER PARTIES
The Service contains links to and from websites, platforms, and services operated or controlled by other parties, including those of other users, our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, news publications, retailers and affiliates.
Some examples include:
Links. Our Service includes links that hyperlink to websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us.
Liking and Sharing. We may embed a pixel or SDK (such as the Facebook SDK) on our Service that allows you to “like” or “share” content on social media. If you choose to engage with such integration, we may receive information from the social network that you have authorized to share with us. Please note that the social network may independently collect information about you through the integration.
Brand Pages. We may offer our content through social media. Any information you provide to us when you engage with our content (such as through our brand page) is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, if you publicly reference our Service on social media (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Universal Standard in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our Service.
If you follow a link or interact with other parties, those parties may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by those parties remains subject to their own privacy policies and practices. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those parties.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
The Service is not directed at persons under 18. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act, or “COPPA”) from children. If we learn that we have collected personal information, or if you are a parent or guardian and you believe that we have collected personal information, in violation of COPPA , please contact us at
legal@universalstandard.net
. We do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under the CCPA, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and so you should review this page periodically. When we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will update the "last modified" date at the end of this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
NOTICE TO YOU
If we need to provide you with information about something, whether for legal, marketing or other business-related purposes, we will select what we believe is the best way to get in contact with you. We will usually do this through email or by placing a notice on the Service. The fact that we may send notices to you will not stop you from being able to opt out of certain types of contact as described in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
Please contact us at
legal@universalstandard.net
if you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy:
By email:
legal@universalstandard.net
Be mail: Universal Standard Inc., Attn: Legal, 625 Broadway, Fl 4, New York, NY 10012
This Privacy Policy was last modified on November 17, 2020.
This Privacy Policy has been designed to be accessible to people with disabilities. If you experience any difficulties accessing the information here, please contact us at
legal@universalstandard.net.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
Nevada law (NRS 603A.340) requires each business to establish a designated request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us at
legal@universalstandard.net.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
These additional disclosures apply only to California residents. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete and opt-out, and requires businesses collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notices and means to exercise rights.
Notice of Collection. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA:
Identifiers, including name, postal address, email address, and online identifiers (such as IP address).
Customer records, including phone number, billing address, and credit or debit card information.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, including gender.
Commercial or transactions information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.
Internet activity, including browsing history, search history, and interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences.
For further details on information we collect, including the sources from which we receive information, review the collection of information sections above. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the “Use of Information” section above, including to manage our Service.
We do not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood.
To the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include the activities set out in this Privacy Policy, such as those disclosed in the “Analytics and Interest Based Advertising” section above, we will comply with applicable law as to such activity. We disclose the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers, characteristics, commercial or transactions information, internet activity, geolocation data, and inferences drawn. Please review the “Sharing of Information” section above for further details about the categories of parties with whom we share information.
Right to Know and Delete
You have the right to know certain details about our data practices in the past 12 months. In particular, you may request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
In addition, you have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you; provided that a CCPA exception does not apply. For example, we may not honor your request to delete if the personal information is necessary to complete a transaction with you, detect security incidents, comply with a legal obligation, or for internal use in a lawful manner compatible with the context in which you provided the personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our Online Form or call our toll free number at 844-394-8587. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete. In the same manner, we will notify you if for any other reason we are unable to comply with your request to know or delete.
Right to Opt-Out
To the extent the Company sells your personal information as the term “sell” is defined under the CCPA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us to third parties at any time. You may submit a request to opt-out by emailing us at
legal@universalstandard.net
.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights.
Shine the Light.
Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in “Contact Us” above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request.” We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN EUROPE
Who is Responsible for the Use of Your Personal Data?
Universal Standard is the controller of the personal information we hold about you in connection with your use of the Service. This means that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is used.
Lawful Basis for Processing
Data protection laws in Europe require a “lawful basis” for processing personal data. Our lawful bases include where: (a) you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes, either to us or to our service providers or partners; (b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you; (c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (d) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, and your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests. Where applicable, we will transfer your personal data to third countries subject to appropriate or suitable safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses.
How Long Will We Store Your Personal Data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of our legitimate business interests and satisfying any legal or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and the applicable legal requirements.
You have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of access. The right to obtain access to your personal data along with certain related information.
Right of portability. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal data without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal data is not justified.
Right to restriction. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data if the continued processing of the personal data in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent. If you have provided consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the “Contacting Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the European Union, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is
available here.
Privacy Shield. Universal Standard complies with the EU–U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. We have certified to the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
. Universal Standard recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated Privacy Shield, and Universal Standard will continue to use appropriate safeguards to protect personal data from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Universal Standard is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Universal Standard may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Universal Standard commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data where transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. If you have any questions about this Statement or the personal data that we collect from you in reliance on Privacy Shield, please contact us at the information provided in Section 16 of the
Privacy Policy
.
We may transfer personal data to certain third parties (as described in our
Privacy Policy
) in reliance on Privacy Shield. Where we transfer personal data to a third party in reliance on Privacy Shield, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure the third party processes personal data for limited and specified purposes and in a manner consistent with our Privacy Shield obligations. Where the transfer is to a third-party agent acting on our behalf, we may be liable if such third parties fail to meet those obligations, and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In the event that you are concerned about how personal data you have provided to Universal Standard has been transferred in reliance on Privacy Shield, please address your inquiry or complaint first to us at the address listed in Section 16 of the
Privacy Policy
. Universal Standard shall endeavor to reply within 45 days of receiving a complaint regarding personal data transferred in reliance on Privacy Shield. If we fail to respond within that time, or if our response does not adequately address your concerns, you may submit your complaint free of charge to JAMS, our designated Privacy Shield dispute resolution provider, using this link: https://www.jamsadr.com/ file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, and to view Universal Standard’s certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .