https://www.photographycourses.biz/terms-conditions
01590 670224
ABOUTCONTACT
Menu
Home / Terms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsAll Rights Reserved
No part of our courses or training whether written, online or in person may be resold, reproduced or transmitted or re-distributed in any form whatsoever, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any informational storage or retrieval system without the express written, dated and signed permission from the authors and copyright owners (Mike Browne and Jayne Whitelock).
Limits of liability / disclaimer of warranty
The authors and publisher of the courses, ebooks, training and all other related information on this site and contained in the courses bought from it have used their best efforts in preparing this material. The authors and publisher shall in no event be held liable for any loss or other damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential, or other damages.
This site and the photography training materials available from it contains material protected under International Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorised reprint or use of this material is prohibited and will be prosecuted.
Terms of Use Statement
You understand and agree that the owners of this site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.
Customer Data
We may pass your data to selected third parties when requesting reviews and feedback, such as Trust Pilot. This will be the only time we share your data.
Refund Policy
Our refund policy is on the condition you have completed the training and found it not to have been of value and you have learnt nothing from the course content. In some instances where there are exercises to complete we will request that you send copies of these images or other evidence that you have completed the training.
Workshops & Masterclass Terms & Conditions
Image ©Copyright
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Free Photo Tutorials, Creative Challenges & Live Feedback.
Join my 'Photography Locked Down' challenge and discover how to take great photos anywhere, with any camera.
Tell Me More...
courses
Webinars
Reviews
© Copyright 2020 Picture This (Imaging) Ltd
Powered by Intergage