http://www.arc1weldsafe.com/literature/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy for ArcOne Welding & Safety Protection Products
|
N. AMERICA
EUROPE
ASIA
S. AMERICA
AFRICA
AUSTRALIA
Products
Respiratory
Powered Air
AirPlus
SR Series
Respiratory Accessories
Compare PAPRs
Auto-Darkening
Welding Helmets
Vision®
Carrera™ ArcOne®
Hawk®
Accessories
Retro-Fit Filters
Cover Plates
Sweatbands and Headgear
Magnifier Lenses
Welding Accessories
Compare Filters
Head & Face
Glasses
Goggles
Browguards
Visors
Hard Hats & Accessories
Literature
FAQ
Notices
Definitions
Brochures
User Manuals
Warranty Info
Privacy Policy
Company
About Us
Meet the Team
Social
News
Videos
Contact
Send Us A Message
Product Registration
Brochure
Home
/
Literature
/
Privacy Policy
FAQ
Notices
Definitions
Brochures
User Manuals
Warranty Info
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
- To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
- To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
- To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. You will be able to opt out of any email lists at any time.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
www.arc1weldsafe.com
85 Independence Drive
Taunton, Massachusetts 02078
Products
Literature
Company
Social
Contact
Product Registration
Privacy Policy
85 Independence Drive, Taunton, MA 02780
Toll Free: 1-800-223-4685
© 2019 ArcOne®. All Rights Reserved.
Site by Shotgunflat