http://www.blessingind.com/privacy-policy
Ideal Industries, Iowa-Custom Metal Fabrication-Ag Products
Home
Products
Tile Carts
Conveyance
Polytenders
Manufacturing
Gallery
Contact
1705 E Street WestVinton, IA 52349 (800) 332-0005
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the idealii.com and Ideal Industries company and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Ideal Industries include idealii.com. The Ideal Industries website is a company information site. By using the Ideal Industries website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Ideal Industries may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. Ideal Industries may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your location. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Ideal Industries. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Ideal Industries website.
Ideal Industries encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Ideal Industries so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Ideal Industries is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Ideal Industries website.
Use of your Personal Information
Ideal Industries collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Ideal Industries may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Ideal Industries and its affiliates. Ideal Industries may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Ideal Industries does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Ideal Industries may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Ideal Industries, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Ideal Industries may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Ideal Industries, in order to determine what Ideal Industries services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Ideal Industries to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Ideal Industries will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ideal Industries or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Ideal Industries; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ideal Industries, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
Ideal Industries secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen
Ideal Industries does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Ideal Industries by contacting us here:
– Web page: idealii.com
Changes to this Statement
Ideal Industries will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Ideal Industries encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Ideal Industries is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Ideal Industries welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Ideal Industries has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Ideal Industries at:
Ideal Industries
1705 E STREET WEST, VINTON, IA
Toll Free Phone: (800) 332-0005
Local Phone: (319) 472-5224
Fax: (319) 472-5115
Telephone number:
(800) 332-0005
Effective as of MAY 1, 2013
VISIT 1705 E Street WestVinton, IA 52349
CONTACT (800) 332-0005 Privacy Policy
CONNECT
Share by: