https://www.armstrongceilings.com/corporate/privacy.html
Products
About Us
Careers
Investors
Press Room
Corporate Social Responsibility
COVID-19 Update
Introduction
Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (“Armstrong”) takes your privacy seriously and is committed to ensuring compliance with its legal obligations in this respect. This Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect and use the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information we may collect through our website, https://www.armstrongceilings.com/ (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy is only applicable to this Site. Because Armstrong does not control how information is collected or used by third-party websites, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites of other individuals or entities that contain links to this Site.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page and change the date at the top of this Privacy Policy webpage. We encourage you to look for updates and changes to this Privacy Policy by checking this date when you access our websites and mobile applications. We will notify you by email of any modifications to this Privacy Policy that might materially affect the way we use or disclose your personal information prior to the change becoming effective. By using the Site, you assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not assent to this Privacy Policy, do not use the Site and do not submit any personally identifiable information through the Site.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Armstrong may collect the following categories of personal information about you based on your specific transactions and interactions with the Company or its Site. For each category of information, we identify examples of the category, the business purposes for which we use the information in that category, the categories of sources from which the information is collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we have shared the information in the last 12 months. We collect information from and about users of our Site two ways (1) directly from you when you provide it to us; and (2) automatically when you use the Site.
Information You Directly Provide to Us
Some information we collect is provided when you use our services and/or purchase our products. This may include your first and last name, username, password, email address, postal address, phone number, company name, your role, financial account information such as a credit card number, birthday, demographic information (such as your gender), and any other information you give us.
Information Automatically Collected
Some information is collected by us automatically when you access our websites. This information includes: (1) purchasing information (which may include information about your transactions on our websites, including what products you purchase, how frequently you purchase them, and your preferred location); (2) device and usage information (which may include the type of device you are using, your operating system, your browser, your internet service provider, your domain name, your internet protocol (IP) address, your device and mobile ad identifiers, the website that referred you to our website, the web pages you view (including the date and time you viewed them), the services or functionality you access or use (including the date and time of your access or use), and the subject of the ads you click or scroll over; and (3) location information (which may include information about the location of your device, including GPS location).
Information Collection Technologies We and others may use a variety of technologies to collect information about your device and use of our website(s). These technologies include cookies, web beacons, JavaScript, entity tags, and HTML local storage. Most web browsers can be programmed to accept or reject the use of some or all of these technologies, although you must take additional steps to disable or control other technologies.
Cookies – Cookies are small data files that are sent from a website’s server and are stored on your device’s hard drive either for only the duration of your visit ("session cookies") or for a fixed period ("persistent cookies"). Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server. We use cookies to understand user preferences, navigation, locations, and for targeted advertisements.
Web Beacons – Web beacons are small, transparent images that are embedded in web pages, applications, and emails that are sometimes called “clear gifs," “single pixel gifs", "page tags" or “web bugs." We use web beacons to track the web pages you visit, to test the effectiveness of our marketing, and to find out if an email has been opened and acted on.
Java Scripts – Java scripts are code snippets embedded in various parts of websites and applications that facilitate a variety of operations including accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality or monitoring usage of various online components.
Entity Tags -- Entity Tags are HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of websites to be stored or “cached" within your browser and validates these caches when the website is opened, accelerating website performance since the web server does not need to send a full response if the content has not changed.
HTML5 Local Storage – HTML5 local storage allows data from websites to be stored or “cached" within your browser to store and retrieve data in HTML5 pages when the website is revisited.
How We Use and Share Your Information
Armstrong may use the aggregate and non-personally identifiable information collected through the use of cookies or IP address collection to improve users’ experience on the Site.
Armstrong may use the personally identifiable information you choose to submit through the Site to communicate with you about our products and services or to communicate with you about your employment request. When Armstrong collects this information, we may store it in our computer systems or third-party databases. Do not submit any information via this Site that you do not want Armstrong to store or use. If you do not want to submit information through this Site, call us instead.
Armstrong may share or disclose your personally identifiable information for the following reasons:
To provide a service to you that you requested or asked Armstrong to provide.
To process a payment for a service or product that you purchased.
To provide estimates that you requested or asked Armstrong to provide.
To communicate with you about our products and services via third party platforms.
To review customer feedback that you requested or asked Armstrong to review.
To process an employment request you submitted.
To comply with the law or lawful orders.
To protect or defend Armstrong’s legal rights or property.
To enable third parties or agents to help Armstrong maintain the Site, analyze how users use the Site, or provide other administrative services to Armstrong.
Children
This Site is not intended for children under 16 years of age.  No one under age 16 may provide any personal information on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on our Site. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at the email address below.
Individual Rights for Site Users Who Reside in California
This following applies to California residents. This policy applies only to California residents who are natural persons; it does not apply to any entities (whether business, non-profit or governmental) or to any person who is not a California resident. For California residents, this policy supplements and modifies, but does not replace, our general Privacy Policy.
Under California law, Armstrong is required to inform California consumers who submit personal information through this Site that they may request information from us about our disclosures to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Armstrong does not share your personal information with any third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. Armstrong has disclosed information about consumers for a business purpose to a third party during the past 12 months, specifically to communicate with you about our products and services via the third party’s platforms.
Types of Information Armstrong Has Collected during the Past 12 Months
The types of information Armstrong has collected during the past twelve (12) months is described in this Privacy Policy’s Information We Collect and How We Collect It section.
CCPA Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides consumers who are California residents with specific rights pertaining to their personal information.
Right to Know
California consumers have a right to request what personal information Armstrong collects, uses, discloses, and sells. California consumers have the right to request that we disclose certain information to them about our collection and use of their personal information during the previous 12 months. Once we receive, confirm, and verify a consumer request, we will disclose the following to the requesting consumer:
The categories of personal information we collected about the California consumer in the previous 12 months.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about the California consumer.
Our business purposes for collecting the personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom Armstrong shared the personal information in the previous 12 months.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about the California consumer.
Right to Request Deletion
California consumers have the right to request that Armstrong delete some or all of the personal information that they submitted through this Site or that Armstrong collected while they used this Site, subject to some exceptions. Once Armstrong receives, confirms, and verifies a consumer request, we will delete the California consumer’s personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Armstrong may deny a California consumer’s deletion request if Armstrong determines we need to retain the personal information so we or third-party service providers may:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information.
Provide a service that you requested.
Take reasonably anticipated actions based on our ongoing business relationship with you.
Perform our contract with you.
Detect or protect against security incidents.
Prosecute people responsible for causing or attempted to cause security incidents.
Exercise free speech rights.
Comply with the law.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale
The information provided through this website may be sold to third parties. California consumers have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. California customers can request this opt-out by using the ‘Do Not Sell My Info’ button at the bottom of our web pages and submitting a completed form.
Responding to your Right to Know, Right to Access, and Right to Delete requests
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 days or 90 days total from the date we receive your request), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Responding to your Consumer Request to Opt-out of The Sale of Your Personal Information
We will act upon a verifiable consumer request to opt-out within fifteen (15) days of its receipt. We will notify all third parties to whom we have sold personal information within 90 days of our receipt of your request that you have exercised your right to opt-out and instruct them not to further sell the information. We will notify you when this has been completed by mail or electronically, at your option.
A request to opt-out need not be a verifiable consumer request. However, we may deny a request to opt-out if we have a good faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request to opt-out is fraudulent. If we deny your request to opt-out, we shall inform you of our decision not to comply and provide an explanation as to why we believe the request is fraudulent.
How to Authorize an Agent to Act on Your Behalf
You can authorize someone else as an Authorized Agent who can submit a consumer request on your behalf. To do so, you must either (a) execute a valid, verifiable, and notarized Power of Attorney or (b) provide other written authorization that we can then verify. When we receive a consumer request submitted on your behalf by an Authorized Agent, that person will be asked to provide written proof that they have your permission to act on your behalf, and we will also contact you and ask you for information to verify your own identity directly with us and not through your Authorized Agent.
Right to No Discrimination
California consumers have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising their CCPA rights.
Exercising CCPA Rights
If you are a California resident and you want to exercise one or more of your rights under California law, call us at 717-397-0611 or email us at webmaster@armstrongceilings.com. You may designate an agent who is registered to do business in California to make a request for you. If you choose to use an authorized agent to make the request for you, Armstrong will require the agent to submit proof that you authorized the agent to make the request for you. Armstrong will use reasonable and appropriate measures to verify your identity before processing any requests under California law. Specifically, we will ask you to verify information that can be used to link your identity to particular records in our possession, which depends on the nature of your relationship and interaction with us.
Third-party vendors
Armstrong may use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include administering e-mail services and running special promotions. Such parties only have access to the personal information needed to perform these functions and may not use or store the information for any other purpose. Subscribers or site visitors will never receive unsolicited e-mail messages from vendors working on our behalf.
Assignment
If Armstrong sells its assets to or is acquired by another company, or if Armstrong merges with another company, you, by using this Site, authorize Armstrong to assign the personally identifiable information you provided to Armstrong or that Armstrong collected while you used this Site.
Email Communications
If you submit your personally identifiable information through this Site, Armstrong may send you emails. Such communications may include information in relation to new product lines, product updates, details of current and future projects, quality and technical issues and a newsletter.  If you receive an email from Armstrong that you did not want to receive or if you want Armstrong to stop sending you emails after you receive one from Armstrong or if you want to withdraw your consent and opt-out of email marketing, notify us at webmaster@armstrongceilings.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email. Armstrong will use reasonable and appropriate measures to honor your request.
Data Security
Armstrong uses reasonable and appropriate measures to safeguard the information you submitted to us through the Site or that Armstrong received about you through the Site. You agree by using this Site that you understand that no transmission of information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. If you do not want to transmit information to Armstrong because Armstrong cannot and does not guarantee it will be 100% secure during its transmission, do not submit personally identifiable information through the Site, call us instead.
Data Retention
Armstrong will keep your personally identifiable information in its computer systems as long as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. There may be laws that require Armstrong to keep your personally identifiable information for specific time periods.
Choice/Opt-out
Registering with the Site is voluntary. You may view most of the Site without registering or submitting your personally identifiable information through the Site. Some portions of the Site may only be available to users who have registered. If you want to stop receiving the information you requested when you registered, to update the registration information you submitted, or to correct any personally identifiable information in or remove any personally identifiable information from Armstrong’s computer systems, send an email to webmaster@armstrongceilings.com indicating your request. Armstrong will use reasonable and appropriate measures to honor your request.
Consumers with Disabilities
This policy is in a form that is accessible to consumers with disabilities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Armstrong may change this Privacy Policy. When Armstrong changes it, Armstrong will revise the Privacy Policy’s effective date. If Armstrong changes the Privacy Policy in a way that will decrease limitations on how Armstrong may use the information it collected about you, Armstrong will either send a notice email to you at the email address you provided or the email address Armstrong has on file for you, or Armstrong will publish a notice on the Site, or Armstrong will use other reasonable and appropriate measures to notify you of the change.
Contact Us (includes Contact a Technical Expert and Americas Project Assistance)
Questions, comments, and requests about this Privacy Policy or the information Armstrong collects about you while you use the Site may be sent to webmaster@armstrongceilings.com or mailed to Armstrong World Industries, 2500 Columbia Avenue, Lancaster, PA 17603.
Select Language
English
Español (Mexico)
Français (Canada)