http://www.summerstreetcapital.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Summer Street Capital
Investment Focus
Representative Investments
Our Team
News
Contact
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Summer Street Capital Partners LLC respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. Generally, you can browse through our Site without providing any personal information, other than our logging in certain information concerning your IP address, internet service provider and internet browser software as described below under the headings Information Collection and Collecting Domain Information. We may also use a “cookie” as described below under the heading Cookies and Tracking Technology. Periodically you may be asked to provide personal information to access a specific information resource or as part of a request for information. We will collect and use information through our Site only in the ways disclosed in this Policy. Please check back periodically for additions and changes to this Policy.
Information Collection There are areas of the Site which require some personal information to enable secure access or to assist us in providing you with specific information about our solutions and services. We only request and use information (in response to your direct inquiry or request) appropriate to respond to your requests for information concerning our services and to inform you of services we think may be of interest to you. Our site uses your IP address (an IP address identifies the type of browser you are using i.e. Fire Fox, Chrome, Safari or Internet Explorer by assigning a unique number) for general system administration to serve you better by diagnosing problems with our server.
When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose behind collecting the data. By providing this information, you are authorizing us to collect and use your information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not approve our use of personal information as it is outlined in this Policy, do not submit personal information to Summer Street Capital Partners.
Information Sharing and Disclosure Any personal information we gather, other than domain and internet usage information, is in response to your direct inquiries or requests. We will not disclose, sell, trade, or rent personal information without your prior consent. In certain rare circumstances, we may be compelled by law to disclose your personal information, such as in connection with a lawsuit or other legal proceeding. In the event disclosure is required, we will use reasonable commercial efforts to try to secure confidential treatment of the disclosed personal information, including prohibiting use of the information for any commercial purpose. In addition, Summer Street reserves the right to disclose certain information when, in its sole discretion, it determines that such disclosure is necessary to protect Summer Street Capital Partners and its partners, managers, principals, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, or affiliates, their rights or property, or to protect their physical safety or health or that of a member of the general public.
Collecting Domain Information Like most commercial web sites, Summer Street Capital Partners automatically logs all of the traffic coming to and from our web site. Part of this data includes the collection of domain information. This data enables us to become more familiar with which customers visit our Site, how often they visit, and what sections of the site are most active. Summer Street Capital Partners uses this information to make informed decisions on improving the information and navigation of our site.
Summer Street Capital Partners may disclose aggregate statistics about visitors to our Site to other third parties. However, any such disclosure will not include and personally identifiable information from any of our visitors.
Cookies and Tracking Technology Some parts of the Site use cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive through a feature in a user’s web browser. The cookie serves as a unique identifier of that user’s computer. The use of cookies enables Summer Street Capital Partners to track usage patterns, enforce security, and deliver customized content to users. Our cookies do not have an expiration date and do not collect personally identifiable information.
The preference to receive cookies automatically, or only upon notice to a user and/or acceptance by the user, is controlled by a setting in your web browser. Our cookies do not damage or read information stored on your hard drive. Cookies make your web experience more enjoyable by storing preferences. You can adjust your browser settings to refuse all cookies or to inform you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive. However, your election not to accept cookies may diminish your experience with the Site because of additional time needed to repeatedly enter information.
Children and Privacy Summer Street Capital Partners’ services and this Site are not intended for children under the age of 13 years age. While we will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, we do not restrict access to our Site through any user registration process. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s use of the Internet to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide information on any Site, without their prior permission.
Links to Third Party Sites You may be able to access third party web sites through links available on this Site. You understand and agree that your use of such third party sites will be governed by the privacy policies of those sites, if any, and not by this Policy. Summer Street Capital Partners does not share personal information with any of these sites and is not responsible for their content and/or privacy practices.
User Access to Personal Information If you desire access to your own personal information, to correct existing personal information, or to remove your personal information, please contact us using the contact information provided below. If you request removal of personal information, you acknowledge that residual personal information may continue to reside in Summer Street Capital Partners’ records and archives, but Summer Street Capital Partners will not use that information for a commercial purpose.
Protection of Information Summer Street Capital Partners will maintain the confidentiality of the information it collects, subject to the limitations this Policy sets forth. We maintain internal practices that help protect the security and confidentiality of this information by limiting employee access to and use of this information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy Summer Street Capital Partners reserves the right to periodically review and amend this Policy. We encourage you to review our policy for changes on a regular basis.
Questions or Suggestions If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please e-mail us at privacy@summerstreetcapital.com.
Investment Focus
Learn more
Representative Investments
View portfolio
Let’s start a
relationship.
Contact Us
Investment Focus Representative Investments Our Team Contact
Investment Focus Representative Investments Our Team Contact
© 2020 Summer Street Capital Partners
Privacy Policy       Terms and Conditions
© 2020 Summer Street Capital Partners
Privacy Policy   Terms and Conditions
© 2019 Summer Street Capital Partners
Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. Our terms are listed here Terms and Conditions , Privacy Policy.OkNo
Revoke cookies