https://www.ventanaresearch.com/privacy
About us
Statement of Equality
A Letter to Our Clients - COVID-19
Our Mission
Our Client Experience
Our Values
Leadership Team
Analyst Team
Our Services
Contact Us
Expertise
Analytics
AI & Machine Learning
Business Intelligence
Collaboration
Embedded Analytics
Internet of Things
Natural Language Processing
Customer Experience
Agent Management
Contact Center
Digital Commerce
Product Information Management
Subscription Management
Voice of the Customer
Data
Blockchain
Collaboration
Data Governance
Data Integration
Data Lakes
Information Management
Digital Technology
Analytics & Data
AI & Machine Learning
Blockchain
Collaborative Computing
Conversational Computing
Robotic Automation
Extended Reality
Internet of Things
Mobile Computing
Human Capital Management
Candidate Engagement
Continuous Payroll
Employee Experience
Learning Management
Total Compensation Management
Workforce Management
Marketing
Conversational Marketing
Digital Commerce
Digital Marketing
Intelligent Marketing
Product Information Management
Voice of the Customer
Office of Finance
Business Planning
ERP & Continuous Accounting
Financial Performance Management
Price & Revenue Management
Revenue, Lease & Tax Accounting
Robotic Finance
Operations & Supply Chain
Continuous Planning
Continuous Supply Chain
Enterprise Resource Planning
Price & Revenue Management
Product Information Management
Work Experience Management
Sales
Digital Commerce
Price and Revenue Management
Product Information Management
Sales Enablement
Sales Performance Management
Subscription Management
Research
Agendas
Analyst Perspectives
David Menninger
Mark Smith
Keith Dawson
Robert Kugel
Stephen Hurrell
Steve Goldberg
Our Policy
Benchmark Research
Dynamic Insights
Value Indexes
Inclusion Policy
Value Index Participation
Vendor Services
Buyer Services
Vendor Coverage
Request A Briefing
Services
Technology Buyers
Technology Vendors
Analyst Relations
Demand Generation
Product Marketing
Vendor Coverage
Request a Briefing
Resources
Awards Programs
Digital Leadership Awards
Digital Innovation Awards
Press Releases
Events & Webinars
Media Kit
Careers
Community
Member Login
Update Password
VOD Portal
Priority Scheduling
Logout
Community Profile
Site Search
Contact Us
Join our Community
Home
Member Login
Community Profile
Site Search
Privacy Statement
Ventana Research Privacy Policy
We at Ventana Research respect a visitor’s right to privacy. We collect and use information as disclosed in this privacy policy statement and can notified about any issues at privacy@ventanaresearch.com.
Information Collection and Use Ventana Research collects information from our website for the purpose of conducting research, advisory and consulting services. We use this information to understand how to provide you the most relevant research and services. We may use this information to pro-actively contact you with information about our company and partners or to participate in research that we conduct on a routine basis.
Research Registration and Surveys Ventana Research offers a voluntary registration process that is used to collect information about you and your company demographics for our research. This information is used for building research panels that are for conducting research in where we will contact you to fill out surveys. The option to participate in our research is voluntary and you can be removed from our list at anytime. This information is also used to deliver research results back to you as complementary services for participation.
Advisory Services Registration Ventana Research offers a voluntary registration process that is used to collect information about you and your company demographics for signing you up for advisory services. This information is used for building research panels that are for conducting research in where we will contact you to fill out surveys. The option to participate in our research is voluntary and you can be removed from our list at anytime. This information is also used to deliver research results back to you as complementary services for participation.
Communication To Ventana Research Ventana Research offers a voluntary method to provide feedback to our company and industry analysts about our research, advisory services and consulting. This communication in electronic or hard copy form may be made public and any information that is intended to be confidential should be explicitly identified. We may retain the communications as a means to improve our business in the market. Communication from Ventana Research Ventana Research will periodically communicate with you about our research and services. This communication is critical for us to provide the most relevant research and services. If you desire to be removed our communication you can do so by providing us your contact information.
Security We use all reasonable precautions to protect personal information in a secure fashion. This information includes contact and credit card information. Only employees or authorized contractors or partners are allowed to use the information if deemed as part of their job.
Links Our web sites contain links to other sites. Ventana Research is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
Information Sharing and Disclosure We do not share personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our products and services and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.
We may share aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include usage and demographic data, but it will not include personal information.
Contact Information We at Ventana Research can be contacted via mail or through electronic mail for any questions or issues you have in regards to our privacy policy.
Mailing Address:1900 NE 3rd St., Suite 106Bend, Oregon, 97701-3889, USA
Contact Information:Phone: +1 (541) 940-10101Email: privacy@ventanaresearch.comWebsite: http://www.ventanaresearch.com/
JOIN OUR COMMUNITY
Join the Ventana Research Community, and we'll keep you informed on our latest research.
Your Community Profile
RESEARCH EXPERTISE
Analytics
Customer Experience
Data
Digital Technology
Human Capital Management
Marketing
Office of Finance
Operations & Supply Chain
Sales
ADDRESS
Ventana Research
1900 NE 3rd St. Suite 106, SMB#10
Bend, Oregon, 97701-3889
Telephone : +1 (541) 940-1010
Email : marketing@ventanaresearch.com
FOLLOW US
©2020 Ventana Research | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Statement | Design by
W3layouts
| Icons by FontAwesome