http://www.crifgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Economic effects from the COVID-19 lockdown
Analyses by CRIF companies around the world.
Discover more
I-Tech Innovation 2021
CRIF and Fondazione Golinelli join forces to fund technological innovation in the Digital Health Tech, Fintech/Insurtech, and FoodTech/Agritech sectors.The Call for Innovation has started!
Apply Now
CRIF Digital Next
Your next digital step toward Open Banking & Sustainable Business
Speed up your digital transformation, improve the user experience of your customers and generate a fast and continuous innovation process with this open collaborative platform.
Discover CRIF Digital Next
The next level of decision-making
FORBES ITALY - FOCUS
Forbes Italy magazine publishes Forbes Focus “The next level of decision-making”, in collaboration with CRIF.
Find out more
End-to-End knowledge company
Information, solutions, outsourcing & processing, ratings and personal solutions.30+ country-based operations70+ subsidiary companies5,000+ professionals at your service
About us
Solutions
for every market
Lenders
Central Banks
Companies
Consumers
Telco / Media
Energy / Utilities
Insurance companies
Capital Markets
}
Credit Bureaus
CRIF is a leader in the provision, management, and operation of credit bureaus worldwide
Discover more
News
Jakarta, December, 2020
COSNext, the Business Information platform for Asian markets, lands in Indonesia
COSNext allows users to collect and consolidate Business Information data of a whole Region within a single solution.
Manila, November 30, 2020
In the Philippines, TONIK Digital Bank chose CRIF for automation of loan decision and collection processes
tonik – the first digital-only neobank in the Philippines – has selected CRIF as strategic partner to automate its loan origination and collection systems.
London, November 18, 2020
CRIF Decision Solutions sponsors the British Insurance Awards 2020
CRIF Decision Solutions Ltd. has sponsored the Customer Care Awards at the 2020 British Insurance Awards organized by Insurance POST, congratulations to Vitality and the entire shortlist.
Read all the flash news
Events
Online, 19 November
CRIF will sponsor the 2020 Supply Chain Finance Forum – Virtual Edition
The world's leading supply chain finance conference. The conference will take place on November 19th.
Online, 12-15 October
CRIF will sponsor the ProcureCon Europe 2020 on 12th and 15th October 2020
On day two, Wednesday 14 October 2020, don’t miss CRIF speech “Supplier Risk Management focus: How external data and analytics can improve vendor due diligence and risk management”.
Webinar, April 28, 2020
- 10.30 – 12.00 (CET)
Automotive CRIF roundtable. The Role of Car Financing for the future of Automotive Sector
Don’t miss the chance to hear directly from industry leaders what the COVID-19 pandemic can teach us and what strategies that key players are putting in place to continue to operate effectively while implementing new models and paradigms.
Discover all the events
Press Releases
Bologna (Italy), November 12, 2020
No stop to the theft of personal data on the web during the pandemic: in the first half of 2020, cases increased by 26.6% compared to 2019
The users most at risk are men between the ages of 31 and 40. 73.2% of stolen accounts are linked to entertainment sites (online gaming and streaming), followed by financial services.
Bologna (Italy), October 23, 2020
For the 8th year CRIF named to prestigious top 100 IDC Fintech Rankings
This 17th annual vendor ranking represents the leading hardware, software and service providers to the financial services industry from around the world. It’s the 8th consecutive year that CRIF is ranked among the Top 100 Fintechs at global level.
Bologna, 19 ottobre 2020
Unibo and CRIF present the 5th edition of the level 2 Master’s in Quantitative Risk Management
Applications open until December 4: five grants offered by CRIF.
Read all our press releases
About Us
CRIF is a global company specializing in credit bureau and business information, outsourcing and processing services, and credit solutions.
About us
Linkedin
Keep up to date with news, researches and events about CRIF worldwide.
Follow us
Careers
Working in CRIF means innovating, having passion, and thinking outside the box.View the open positions and submit an application.
Work with us