http://www.renwickbrokers.co.za/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. We also use a SSL certificate to secure the communication from the user to our website.Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you turn cookies off, It won’t affect the user’s experience .Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=enWe do not use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.We have implemented the following:
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as Facebook Pixel) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.Protection of Personal Information Act
The POPIA in South Africa requires commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law requires any person or company in the South Africa (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly how information is being collected, used and to those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – Read more at: https://www.popia.co.zaAccording to POPIA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.Privacy Policy changes:
Any changes will be published on our Privacy Policy Page.
We hold the right to edit or change our Privacy Policy at any time.Can change your personal information:
By emailing a request through to us.How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify our users via email within 7 business daysWe collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to enquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction or business interaction has occurred.To be in accordance with Privacy Laws, We agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each marketing email.If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.www.renwickbusiness.co.za
Johannesburg, Gauteng 2000
South Africa
info@renwickbusiness.co.za
087 012 5575Last Edited on 2020-05-23