http://www.stclairapparel.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Premier Web Site Privacy Statement The privacy, confidence, and trust of individuals who visit the Premier web site are important to us. No personal information is collected at this site unless it is provided voluntarily by an individual while participating in an activity that asks for the information. The following paragraphs disclose the information gathering and usage practices for the web site.Collection of Information Premier only collects the personal information that is necessary to provide the information or services requested by an individual. "Personal information" refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information. This is the same information that an individual might provide when visiting our office and it includes such items as an individual's name, address, or phone number. We also collect statistical information that helps us understand how people are using the web site so we can continually improve our services. The information collected is not associated with any specific individual and no attempt is made to profile individuals who browse the web site.Use of Information Premier uses the collected information to respond appropriately to requests. This may be to respond directly to you or to improve the web site. E-mail or other information requests sent to Premier may be retained for future use by Premier.Cookies Cookies are short and simple text files that are stored on a user's computer hard drive by web sites. They are used to keep track of and store information so the user does not have to supply the information multiple times. The information that is collected through cookies at this site is handled in the same manner as other information collected here. You can configure your web browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a web site attempts to send you a cookie. You can also check your hard drive for cookie files and delete them from your computer.Web Site Security Premier is committed to the security of the information that is either available from or collected by this web site. Premier has taken multiple steps to safeguard the integrity of its telecommunications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to, authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption.Links to Other Sites This web site may have links to other web sites. Premier is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites and suggests you review their privacy statements.Under 13 / children The Premier will not knowingly collect information about persons under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. If you are under the age of 13 you must ask a parent or guardian for help.Disclaimers and Limitation of LiabilityThe Premier site is provided on an "AS IS," "as available" basis. Neither Premier nor its affiliates, subsidiaries, or designees nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors or the like (collectively, "associates") warrant that use of the Premier site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Neither Premier nor its associates warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on the Premier site or the products or services offered for sale on the Premier site. Further, Premier makes no representation that content provided on the Premier site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States. Premier specifically disclaims warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by Premier, nor its associates, shall create a warranty. You expressly agree that use of the Premier site is at your sole risk.Under no circumstances shall Premier or its associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the Premier site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at the Premier site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Premier records, programs or services. The foregoing Limitation of Liability shall apply whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, even if an authorized representative of Premier has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. User hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through the Premier site. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or Limitation of Liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.Errors will be corrected where discovered, and Premier reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions.
Share|