http://www.bavarian-nordic.com/careers/recruitment-process/privacy-notice-for-applicants.aspx
Privacy Policy - Applicants1. Processing of your personal data
For the purpose of administering and processing your application, and to assess your eligibility for the role for which you are applying, a company within the Bavarian Nordic Group (Bavarian Nordic GmbH or A/S or Inc. - Fraunhoferstrasse 13, D-82152 Martinsried, Germany, or Philip Heymans Alle 3, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark or 3025 Carrington Mill Boulevard, Morrisville, NC 27560, USA), ("Bavarian Nordic ") will collect and process personal data concerning you.
Below, you will find a description of the personal data concerning you that Bavarian Nordic will collect and process as well as the purposes for which, and the legal basis on which, Bavarian Nordic will process the data. You will also find a list of your rights under the applicable data protection law.
2. Confidentiality and information about Bavarian Nordic’ processing of your personal data
All data will be treated as confidential information by those who are allowed to process it and will only be used for the purposes provided for in section 4.
Your personal data will be stored or processed by Bavarian Nordic or third parties and may be accessed by the Bavarian Nordic Group’s entities worldwide on a need to know basis. Third parties are understood as IT hosting, supply and service companies that Bavarian Nordic uses for the Group’s IT environment or external recruitment agencies that Bavarian Nordic uses for recruitment purposes. This is further addressed below.
3. What types of personal data concerning you does Bavarian Nordic collect?
"Personal data" means any information relating to you. Bavarian Nordic - and, where necessary, external recruitment agencies – will collect, process, store and use the following types of personal data (together understood as “applicant data”):
Identification data, such as your name, nationality, driving licence details (where needed to fulfil employment duties).
Personal information, such as your date of birth, gender (if included in the CV) and, if necessary, health and medical data, such as information on disability.
Contact details, such as your home address, telephone number and e-mail address.
Education and work experience, such as contact details for your current/former employer, information about your educational background, work experience and other related experience.
Other application data, such as the information contained in your application form/CV.
Information collected as part of the interview process, such as notes taken during your interview or information provided by recruitment agencies.
Background check information, such as information obtained through reference checks and confirmation of your education and employment history, and criminal record data.
4. For what purposes does Bavarian Nordic use the personal data?
We collect and use this applicant data for a variety of purposes linked to your application for a role with us (“processing purposes”), which we have set out below together with examples of relevant data:
Administering and processing your application (including processing a job offer should you be successful), which involves the processing of identification data, contact details, information about your education and employment history, information obtained during your interview, and information contained in your CV and accompanying documents.
To determine your eligibility for the role for which you are applying, which involves the processing of identification data, contact details, information about your education and employment history, information obtained during your interview and contained in your CV, and, if necessary, health and medical data, such as information on disability, for the purpose of accommodating your application and interview in compliance with statutory obligations.
Conducting background checks as part of your application, which involves the processing of identification data, contact details, information about your education and employment history. Bavarian Nordic collect and process criminal record on all employees and prior to hire. The purpose of the collection and processing is to ensure that Bavarian Nordic is able to meet the enhanced safety requirements related to development, production, filling, storage and delivery of medical countermeasures required due to Bavarian Nordic’s cooperation with the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) under the US government.
Complying with applicable laws, such as employment laws, and employment-related requirements, as well as the administration of those requirements, which involves the processing of identification data and contact details.
Communicating with you, other Bavarian Nordic employees and third parties (e.g. customer and other referees, former employers (with prior consent), external recruitment agencies), including informing you of future opportunities with Bavarian Nordic, which involves the processing of types of personal data as per section 3 above (i.e. identification data, personal information and contact details).
Responding to and complying with requests and legal demands from regulators or other authorities within or outside your home country, which involves the processing of identification data and contact details.
Statistics. Your information may be used for anonymous statistics for internal purposes in which case the information will be used collectively. All personal data will be anonymized.
5. Why does Bavarian Nordic need to collect, process and use your applicant data?
Bavarian Nordic needs the applicant data to carry out a variety of activities linked to your application for a role with us and to Bavarian Nordic’ compliance with its obligations as a business in relation to the recruitment process.
6. Transfer of personal data to third parties
Bavarian Nordic may transfer personal data to third parties, including entities within and outside the Bavarian Nordic Group in any jurisdictions where Group entities are located, for the following processing purposes:
Within the Bavarian Nordic Group. As the Bavarian Nordic entity to which you are applying is part of a wider group with headquarters in Denmark and entities located across several regions, Bavarian Nordic may transfer the applicant data to, or otherwise allow access to such data by, other entities within the Bavarian Nordic Group which may use, transfer and process the data for the purposes set out in section 4.
Data processors. Where necessary for the processing purposes described above, personal data may be shared with one or more third parties, whether affiliated or unaffiliated, to process personal data under appropriate instructions ("data processors"). Data processors, including recruitment companies, IT hosting companies and IT services companies, will be subject to contractual obligations to implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures for safeguarding the personal data and to process the personal data only as instructed.
Some countries where recipients are located already provide an adequate level of protection for this data, while transfers to other countries such as the USA may be protected under arrangements such as the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses. In the case of transfers to Bavarian Nordic entities outside the EEA, the receiving Bavarian Nordic entity will be bound by the BN Intra-Group Data Exchange Agreement incorporating the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses, which the European Commission has assessed as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, to ensure that your data is protected adequately.
If the recipients are not a Bavarian Nordic entity and located in countries without adequate protections for personal data, Bavarian Nordic will take all necessary measures to ensure that transfers of data to such recipients are adequately protected, as required by applicable data protection law. This will include using appropriate safeguards such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses. You can ask for a copy of the appropriate safeguards by contacting us as provided for in section 8.1.
7. How long will Bavarian Nordic keep personal data?
It is our policy not to keep personal data for longer than is necessary. We may, for example, keep your personal data for six months after your application process is completed, which is considered a reasonable time. In some cases, we may, with your prior consent, keep your personal data for the eventuality that future job opportunities arise for which we consider you are suitable. Where personal data is kept, the period will be determined based on applicable law. For further information, please contact us as provided for in section 8.1.
8. Your rights
You have a number of rights in relation to your applicant data. These can differ by country, but can be summarised in broad terms as follows:
(i) Right of access
You have the right to confirm with us whether your personal data is processed, and if it is, to request access to that personal data and to be informed of the types of personal data processed, the purpose of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. However, we do have to take into account the interests of others, so this is not an absolute right.
(ii) Right to rectification
You may have the right to rectify inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning you.
(iii) Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
You may have the right to ask us to erase personal data concerning you.
(iv) Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal data.
(v) Right to data portability
You may have the right to receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, personal data concerning you that you have provided to us, and you may have the right to transmit that data to another entity.
(vi) Right to object and rights relating to automated decision-making
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data, including profiling, by us, and we may be required to no longer process your personal data.
(vii) Right to withdraw your consent
You may at any time withdraw your consent to process certain data e.g. criminal record and references, signed as a part of the recruitment process to the processing. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact BNK-HR@bavarian-nordic.com.
8.1 Who can I contact about this?
If you have any concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice and Consent given during the recruitment process, you can reach the right person here: data.request@bavarian-nordic.com.
In Germany you can also reach out to Bavarian Nordic GmbH’s Data Protection Officer:
Lars BeitlichIfDuS - Institut für Datenschutz und -Sicherheit GmbHLandsberger Str. 39681241 Munich
Tel.:    +49 (89) 85 63 346 - 0Fax:    +49 (89) 85 63 346 - 90Email: lars.beitlich@ifdus.de”
The contact details of our data protection team are: data.request@bavarian-nordic.com
8.2 The right to lodge a complaint
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority.
In Denmark, this is the Danish Data Protection Agency, which can be reached at this address:
Danish Data Protection AgencyBorgergade 28, 5.1300 Copenhagen K
In Germany, this is the German Data Protection Authority, which can be reached at this address:
Data Protection Authority of Bavaria for the Private SectorPromenade 2791522 Ansbach
Tel. +49 981 53 1300Fax: +49 981 53 98 1300
e-mail: poststelle@lda.bayern.deWebsite: https://www.lda.bayern.de
In Germany it is also possible to lodge a complaint to Bavarian Nordic GmbH’s Data Protection Officer:
Lars BeitlichIfDuS - Institut für Datenschutz und -Sicherheit GmbHLandsberger Str. 39681241 Munich
Tel.:    +49 (89) 85 63 346 - 0Fax:    +49 (89) 85 63 346 - 90
Email: lars.beitlich@ifdus.de
ApplicantsShareholdersVisitorsExternalsWebcasts