http://www.cobra4coax.com/privacy.cfm
Menu
Cable1 Metre incrementsReel - 100mAssembliesBNCCRC9FMEMC CardMCXN TypeSMASMBSMCTNCU.FL (HIROSE, I-PEX Etc)UHFCustom Assembly...Plugs & JacksBNCBNC Reverse PolarityCRC9F TypeFMEMC CardMCXMini UHFMMCXN TypeSMASMA Reverse PolaritySMBSMCSSMASSMBTNCTNC Reverse PolarityTV / Euro / CoaxUHF / PL259AdaptorsBNCF TypeFMEMCXMini UHFN TypeSMASMBSMCTNCTV / Euro / CoaxUHFInterseries AdaptorsBNCF TypeFMEMini UHFN TypePhonoSMATNCTV / Euro / CoaxUHFTools & AccessoriesCable Identification MarkersCable TiesHeat-ShrinkService AidsStrain ReliefToolingMy BasketMy Account
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms & conditions of business) set out the information that we collect, how it is processed and the choices you have in respect of that information.
Information that we may collect
How we use this information
How we share this information
Where we store this information
How long we retain this information
Your rights and choices
Links to other websites
Changes to this policy
Information that we may collect
We only collect information if we have a reasonable need to do so, for example, so that we may provide our service to you.
Information that you provide: You may provide us with information by filling in forms on our website or by contacting us via email, telephone or other mechanisms. For example, when you place an order or register for an account you may provide us with your name, email address, postal address and payment information.
Information that we collect: When you visit our website, we will automatically collect information about your device such as the browser type, operating system, IP address, language preferences, date and time of access, and referral page. None of this information can be used to personally identify you.
Information we collect from other sources: We may obtain information from third party sources to help maintain the security and performance of our website, and this may entail passing your IP address to our providers.
Cookies and other technologies: A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. They often contain a unique number to allow a website to differentiate one visitor from another, although by themselves they cannot be used to personally identify you.
Pixel tags and web beacons are small pieces of code placed on websites that facilitate the tracking of usage patterns across a website.
Some of these technologies may be operated by a third party on our behalf.
How we use this information
We use this information to provide you with a reliable and efficient service.
This includes:
Serving you the content you requested in a timely and efficient manner;
To process any orders that you make via our website, by telephone or other means;
Monitoring and ensuring the security of our services, protecting against spam and abusive or illegal behaviour, safeguarding the integrity of your information, and protecting our rights and property;
Monitoring and analysing trends in order to understand how visitors interact with our services, and producing statistics to understand the popularity and relevance of our content;
To communicate with you in response to your explicit requests, to keep you informed about our services, and to solicit feedback;
To personalise your experience of our services, provide recommendations and serve relevant advertisements.
How we share this information
We do not sell your personal information to anyone.
We may share personal information about you only when necessary, or limited or aggregate information in certain circumstances:
Third party vendors: We may share your personal information with third party vendors where that information is required in order for them to provide their service to us, for example, payment providers and delivery couriers.
As required by law: We may disclose information about you in response to a court order or other request from a recognised law enforcement authority.
Business transfers: In the event of a merger or sale of all or part of our business, your information may be transferred or acquired by a third party. The third party may continue to use your information, but only in a manner consistent with this policy.
Aggregate or anonymised information: We may share aggregated or anonymised information - that is, information that has been altered so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you - for example, in order to publish statistical information about the use of our services.
Where we store this information
The information covered by this policy may be transferred, stored, or processed (by us or by third parties on our behalf), outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Other countries may have laws, rights and protections that affect your information differently to your own.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of your information, it cannot be guaranteed.
How long we retain this information
We will only retain this information for as long as your account is active, for a limited period in order to fulfil the purposes for which we have collected it, or otherwise as required by law.
We will retain and use the information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as follows:
shopping baskets for unregistered users are retained for 30 days;
closed accounts are deleted within 3 months;
backups are retained for 3 months;
billing information is retained for 7 years in accordance with accounting and taxation laws;
server logs are retained for 30 days.
Your rights and choices
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you, to ask that any inaccuracies are corrected, and to request that we delete any information about you that is no longer required and whose deletion does not compromise our legal obligations.
You may exercise your rights at any time by contacting us here: Contact us
In addition, you have several choices regarding your information:
Limit the information you provide: for example, you may choose not to provide optional information when registering for an account on our website;
Opt-out of marketing communication: if you have consented to allow us to contact you with messages regarding our services, you may subsequently opt-out by following the instructions in those messages or by updating your preferences within your account;
Set your browser to reject cookies: you may configure your browser to remove or reject cookies from our website, although doing so may cause some aspects of our website to no longer function correctly as a result. You can learn more about cookies here: allaboutcookies.org
Links to other websites
This policy does not cover links within this site to other websites.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those websites for more information.
Changes to this policy
This policy is under regular review.
It was last updated on 24th May 2018.