http://www.meridian-audio.com/privacy-policy/
The website uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer. Some of these are essential to the site's operation while others analyse how visitors use the site. These cookies are set by default but you can disable them or view more information about how they are used here.
By clicking on I accept you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy
I accept
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
We are Meridian Audio Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (company number 02710631), our registered office is at Latham Road, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6YE (“we/our/us”). We respect the privacy of every individual who visits our websites. This Privacy Policy sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of the Internet and any other electronic communications networks by us. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact marketing@meridian.co.uk.
Please read through this Privacy Policy before submitting any of your personal information to us. You do not need to submit any of your personal information when browsing our websites.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect personal information (which means data from which you can be identified, including your name, email address and postal address) from visitors to this website through the use of on-line forms (for example when you register as a member or purchase products from us) and from any email that you send to us. This may include your name, title, order details and details of your address(es) and other personal details.
We may at times ask for other details, for example age and any special dates (such as birthday and anniversary). These details will be used for profiling and marketing purposes. Providing us with this sort of information is entirely voluntary.
On occasion we may ask for feedback from you about the usage or services our website provides to help us develop and improve it further.
For quality control and training purposes, we may also monitor or record your communications with us.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We process personal information collected via this website [and our telephone lines] for the purposes of:
2.1 providing and personalising our services, including customer care, warranty protection and technical or service support;
2.2 dealing with your inquiries and requests;
2.3 maintaining information as a reference tool or general resource so that we may improve our products and services for you; and
2.4 providing you with information about our company, new products and services and/or product upgrades.
We will keep your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for these purposes.
You can choose to sign up for our newsletter and to receive other marketing communications from us. By asking to receive this information you consent to receive marketing communications from us using any contact method which you have provided us with, including by post and e-mail.
You may opt out of receiving information about our products and services by selecting the relevant option on our website or by sending us an email at marketing@meridian.co.uk.
We may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
USE OF COOKIES
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. Find out more about the use of cookies on www.allaboutcookies.org. We use cookies to identify you when you visit this website and to keep track of your browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile. Our use of cookies also allows registered users to be presented with a personalised version of the site, carry out transactions and have access to information about their account. Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your hard drive. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to do this. However, should you decide to disable any cookies we place on your computer you may not be able to use certain services or facilities on the website. However, switching off cookies will restrict your use of our website.
DISCLOSURES
We will only disclose personal information to other companies within our group of companies, business partners, government bodies and law enforcement agencies successors in title to our business and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf.
OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
ACCESS RIGHT
You have a right to access the personal data held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at Latham Road, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, PE29 6YE.
INTERNET-BASED TRANSFERS
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing this website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge our processing of personal data in this way. However, we will endeavour to protect all personal information collected through this website in accordance with strict data protection standards.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy. When we do we will publish the changes on this website. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use the website. If material changes are made to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by e-mail or by placing a prominent notice on the website.