http://www.honeypotcosmetics.com/privacy.html
Home  |
Directions  |
Download Price List  |
FAQ  |
Terms Of Trade   |
Log In
Honeypot   CosmeticsUK . Distribution . Volume . Clearance . Wholesale . ExportEstablished 1981 Phone +44 (0)20 8951 3686(Minimum Order is £100 + Freight + VAT)
Register for New Trade AccountView Your Pallet
HOME
|
Clearance
|
New
|
Seasonal
|
Fragrances
|
Skincare
|
Make Up
|
Sun Care
|
Gift Sets
|
Accessories
|
Toiletries
|
Volume
|
All
Login
Email:Password:Forgotten PasswordCreate Account
Search
Advanced Search
Brands
Please Select
Active
Agent Provocateur
Ahsan
Al Raheeb
ARAMIS
Ard Al Zaafaran
Aveeno
Beyonce
Body Collection
Borghese
Bourjois
Britney Spears
Burberry
Bvlgari
Cacharel
Calvin Klein
Carolina Herrera
CB & Co
Chris Adams
Constance Carroll UK
Cougar
Covershoot
Creation Lamis
CS Beauty
Cuba
David Beckham
Davidoff
Dimple
DKNY
Dolce & Gabbana
Dove
Dream World Perfumes
DVB Beckham
Eldos
Elizabeth Arden
Elizabeth Taylor
Excellence
Fair Lady
Fake Bake
Fashion Collection
FCUK
Garnier
Ghost
Giorgio Beverly Hills
Gloria Vanderbilt
Guerlain
Honeypot UK
Ibiza Honey
Issey Miyake
Jennifer Lopez
Jimmy Choo
Joop
Jovan
Juicy Couture
Katy Perry
L'Oreal
La Femme
LATTAFA
Laval
Leichner
London Girl
London Pride
Malibu
Manicure Requisites
Max Factor
Maybelline
Michael Kors
Milton Lloyd
Miss Beauty
Miss Rose
Naturals Collection
Neutrogena
New Brand
Nina Ricci
Nino Cerruti
Nuvo
Olay
One Direction
OPI
Other
Paco Rabanne
Piz Buin
Police
Puig
Revlon
Rihanna
Rimmel (London)
Roberto
RoC
Royal
Saffron
Sally Hansen
Scholl
Sleek
So First
St. Ives
St. Moriz
St. Tropez
SUNkissed
Sunmaxx
Taylor Of London
Technic
Top Girl
TRESemmé
Vaseline
Vera Valenti
Vera Wang
W7 (W Seven)
Yardley
Yesensy Cosmetics
Information
Directions
Download Price List
FAQ
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Terms Of Trade
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
New Products  [more]
Calvin Klein CK Contradiction 50ml EDP Spray Ladies (EACH)£8.50
Cards We Accept
We Ship Worldwide
- Instant online quotation available
- Dispatch within 1 working day
Home >
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
At honeypotcosmetics.com, your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you become a member is used to process your orders and to provide a more personalised experience on our site. We do not guarantee complete security on stored information. However, we have implemented many security policies and conditions to help protect your confidential information.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
When you become a member of honeypotcosmetics.com, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your business and personal details such as name, address and e-mail address as well as some demographic information such as gender and date of birth. Your name and address information is used solely to process orders and verify card details. Without your consent, this information will NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfillment. Your demographic information (gender, date of birth, etc.) will be used for security purposes, to ensure you are who you say you are and not using the site for fraudulent reasons.
Our Use of Log Files
When you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times. We utilise this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so that we can maximise your enjoyment of the site. Log files are not tied to personally identifiable information.
Site Security
All of our employees take your personal information very seriously. All employees must learn and obey our security policies. Access to member personal information is limited to key management personnel. The information is ID and password protected and our Web security is reviewed on a monthly basis.
Correcting/Updating Your Personal Information
After becoming a member of honeypotcosmetics.com you may correct/update your business and personal information by clicking on the 'My Account' link at the top of any page, entering your ID and password when prompted and clicking the Edit Information button. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, you may contact us through the 'My Account' section, or the 'Contact Us' section.
Links To Other Sites
This Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving the honeypotcosmetics.com site and entering another Web site. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Communication
From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to remind you about providing feedback or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us (i) if you contact us for a particular reason, (ii) to receive your orders, or (iii) we need to contact you for administrative purposes. Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose to receive our Newsletters, they will contain promotional materials from honeypotcosmetics.com.
Security
Personal and credit card details are maintained and filed securely. We take all reasonable care, in so far as it is our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure. We cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from us.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Website
Supplementation
We may correct or supplement your address information with standardised postal representation in order to ensure that your orders are delivered. We do this since we want to make sure that our members receive the order and to lower costs associated with our service.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's hard drive which identify you when you enter our site. The ability to select samples on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies to provide a seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we can understand our site traffic and analyse our demographic information in aggregate form. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, our site will not identify you when you enter and you will need to manually type in your ID and password.
Your Feedback is Always Welcome
We welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy - or anything else you might want to talk about. To contact us click here You can reach us via email at info@honeypotcosmetics.com
This privacy policy is in accordance with UK Data Protection Act. As a statement these Terms do not affect your statutory rights as a trade buyer
Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd
Unit 4A
Honeypot Lane Business Centre
Parr road
Stanmore
Middlesex
HA7 1NL
United Kingdom
Home
|
Directions
|
FAQ
|
About Us
Copyright © 2020 Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd. All rights reserved.