http://www.telatemp.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Contact
My Account
Checkout
customerservice@telatemp.com
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Telatemp web site. On some pages, you can order services, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and You can register with our web site if you would like to receive promotional. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Should you have questions or concerns about the ordering process, please call us at +714-414-0343 or send us an email at customerservice@telatemp.com
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 714-414-0343 or send us an email at techsales@telatemp.com