http://www.reimbursementcodes.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: January 18, 2017
Thank you for visiting the RCClaimAssist.com website, the rjhealthsystems.com website or the reimbursementcodes.com website (collectively the “Site”), and reviewing this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”). This Site is owned, operated and controlled by RJ Health Systems International, LLC (hereinafter referred to as “RJHS,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). Your privacy is important to RJHS.  We provide this Privacy Policy to help you understand the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site or through email, text, or other electronic messaging between you and this Site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Please review this Privacy Policy before submitting any personal information to RJHS through this Site. By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and RJHS’s use of such information. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site.
The Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Site. We may collect two types of information from you: (i) information that you knowingly and voluntarily provided to us (e.g., through a registration process, sign-ups, or other interaction with the site); and (ii) information that is derived through automated tracking mechanisms.
Voluntary Information
You may choose to voluntarily and knowingly supply us with information and/or you may provide information through a registration process or sign in procedure that may be necessary to access protected information on some of the Site pages. Some of this information will identify you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. This Privacy Policy refers to such information as “personal information” or “personally identifiable information.” This may include your name or associated company name, email address, postal address, and home or work telephone number.  This personal information is collected from you in a variety of ways including your responses to correspondence, registering for a service, requesting publications, participation in boards or blogs, registering for events or conferences, purchasing goods, or requesting information about our Site or our services.
Information Collected Using Cookies and Other Web Technologies
Like many websites, our Site may use “cookies” or other similar tracking technologies to collect information which will help us to improve the quality of our services and to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. This information typically includes your IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed the Site, the name of your operating system (such as Windows or Macintosh), the name and version of your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox), pages navigated during your visit to the Site, and the date and time of your visit, among other things. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, most computers allow you to change your browser setting to prevent acceptance of cookies. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. Please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies certain features or parts of the Site may not work properly. We do not track users across time and across websites.
Third Party Use of Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Site are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.  We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Do Not Track
At this time our Site does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions.
The Way We Use Information
If we collect personally identifiable information from you we may use the information to improve our Site, our services, and your experience with our Site. For example, we would use your information for any of the following purposes:
to respond to your queries and requests;
to assist you with managing your account and passwords;
to process applications submitted by you and communicate with you about transactions you have requested;
to undertake, with your consent, any other promotional activities such as providing information about special events;
to communicate with you about our products and services and other information related to our business that may be of interest to you;
to build our contact database;
for internal marketing analysis, such as identification of trends;
to provide you with effective customer service and/or technical support; or
to improve the design of our Site.
Sharing Information
RJHS may share your personally identifiable information with its affiliates and trusted third parties who assist us by providing services to users of the Site, including, but not limited to, surveys, credit card processing, fulfillment processing, email distribution, and website management. These parties are required by contract to use the personal information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf and to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Additionally, to comply with legal requirements, cooperate with law enforcement, prevent fraud and other crimes, and protect legal rights, there are circumstances in which we may share the personal information we collect on this Site without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or regulatory requirement; to comply with a subpoena or court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of RJHS, our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, licensors, suppliers, partners, successors, agents, and other users or the public in general or to protect your vital interests.  We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful without providing notice to you.
If we collect personally identifiable information from you, you will receive notice when this information might be provided to any third party for any reason other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you will have an opportunity to request that we not share such information. See “Contacting Us; Opt Out” below.
If we merge or are combined with any other organization, or if we transfer assets or operations to another organization or company, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties in connection with such sale, merger, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or transfer of all or some of our business, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by RJHS about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
Children’s Privacy and Parental Controls
Our Site is not intended for children under thirteen (13) years of age. We do not use our Site to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to anyone under thirteen (13) years of age. If you are under thirteen (13) years of age you may not use this Site and should not provide any information about yourself through this Site.  Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to the collection and use of information from children, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States and other applicable laws or regulations. Please be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors. If you believe that we received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to ­237 Main St, 1st Floor,  Middletown, CT 06457 or by email at
info@reimbursementcodes.com and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our database.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Information
Any personal information we collect will be kept only as long as we need it for the purpose for which it was originally collected (or to which you have subsequently consented) or for other legitimate purposes (such as regulatory compliance), or as permitted by applicable law.
External Links
For your convenience, we may provide links to websites owned and operated by unrelated third parties. Such third party sites should have their own privacy policies, which we recommend you review prior to interacting with such site. This Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information collected through this Site and you agree that RJHS has no liability with respect to such third party sites or their privacy practices.
Our Commitment to Data Security
We take reasonable precautions to keep any personal information we collect secure. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have industry standard measures in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect through the Site. It is important that you understand, however, that no website or database is completely secure or “hacker proof” and we cannot guarantee security of the information you submit to us.  You are responsible for taking personal steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password from unauthorized use or disclosure.
Modifications
RJ Health Systems reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Site’s home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contacting Us; Opt Out
At your request and where the law requires us to do so, we will make good faith efforts to confirm what personal information we hold about you, update your information, remove your information, fulfill specific opt out requests, and/or correct any inaccuracies in such personal information if you contact us at info@reimbursementcodes.com to submit such requests. We may decline to process a request that is unreasonable, jeopardizes the rights or privacy of others, is impractical or for which access is not otherwise required.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or to report a violation, please contact us at info@reimbursementcodes.com or write to us at RJ Health Systems International, LLC, 237 Main St, 1st Floor,  Middletown, CT 06457. We will endeavor to respond to you within 24 to 48 hours in most cases.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy is governed under the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
California Residents: California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@reimbursementcodes.com or write us at: RJ Health Systems International, LLC, 237 Main St, 1st Floor,  Middletown, CT 06457.
Request a Meeting
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Website Accessiblity
?
Free Trial
Features
Key Features
Data Modules
About
Blog
Contact
Login
Sign Up