http://www.firetherm.com/legal/
Imprint
All rights of the tremco illbruck online website are reserved. Unauthorized copying and use of content and images from tremco illbruck online is prohibited.
The contents of the tremco illbruck website are intended solely for personal use. The copying, reproduction or modification of the tremco illbruck website is prohibited. tremco illbruck Group GmbH assumes no liability for the accessibility or quality of access and the type of presentation. tremco illbruck Group GmbH is not responsible for the content of the linked sites outside of the tremco illbruck Group GmbH online website. The shown product and service offerings, and specifications conform to the current status in Germany, errors and omissions excepted.
Liability for content
The contents of our pages were created with great care. We cannot take any responsibility for the correctness, completeness and topicality of content. As a service provider, we are responsible according to § 7 paragraph 1 of TMG for our own content on these pages under the general laws. According to § § 8 to 10 TMG we are not obliged as a service provider to monitor transmitted or stored foreign information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information under the general laws remain unaffected. However, liability is only possible from the date of knowledge of a specific infringement. Upon notification of such violations, we will remove the content immediately.
Liability for links
Our offer contains links to external websites over which we have no control. Therefore we can not accept any responsibility for their content. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the content of linked pages. The linked sites were checked at the time of linking for possible violations of law. Illegal contents were not recognisable. A permanent control of the linked pages is unreasonable without concrete evidence of a violation. Upon notification of violations, we will remove such links immediately.
Copyright
The contents and works on these pages created by the site operator are subject to German copyright law. Duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of exploitation outside the limits of copyright require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of these pages are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. As far as the content is not created by the website operator, the copyrights of third parties, in particular contents of third parties, are marked as such. If you are aware of copyright infringement, please notidy us. Upon notification of violations, we will remove the content immediately.
Responsible for the content:
tremco illbruck Group GmbH
Von-der-Wettern-Str. 27
51149 Köln
T. +49 2203 57550 0
F. +49 2203 57550 90
info(at)tremco-illbruck.com
www.tremco-illbruck.com
Amtsgericht Köln HRB 74090
Location: Cologne
Sales tax identification no. DE114222153
Managing Director: Reiner Eisenhut, Daniel Johnson
Web Design and Development
Communication Design Partnership
3a Lakeview Stables, St Clere, Kemsing, Sevenoaks, Kent, TN15 6NL
www.cdpweb.co.uk
© 2020 Tremco CPG UK Limited | All rights reserved
Terms | Imprint | Privacy | Terms Of Use
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies (also known as pixels or beacons) to aid your experience (such as viewing videos), as well as “performance cookies” to analyze your use of this website and to assist with marketing efforts. If you click the "Accept All Cookies" button or continue navigating the website, you agree to have those first and third-party cookies set on your device. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this website, you can choose to not allow cookies from this website by updating your browser preferences. For more information on how we use Cookies, please read our Privacy Policy. Accept All CookiesPrivacy Policy