http://www.genelec.com/privacy-policy
Navigation
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Genelec websites (www.genelec.com, www.genelec.fi, www.genelec.se, www.genelec.dk, www.genelec.cn, www.genelec.jp, community.genelec.com) and all their subpages and campaign pages are operated by or on behalf of Genelec Oy. Genelec Oy comply with the laws and regulations regarding personal data protection and we place great importance on protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy prescribes the type of information that we collect, and how we use and manage personal information.
While you are accessing, browsing or using the Genelec websites we are collecting non-identifiable data of your visit. Once we receive your contact details, that data becomes identifiable.
Personal Information
"Personal Information" means personally identifiable information including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or IP address.
In short, we aim to operate in a way that all personal data will be…
processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals.
collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not processed beyond those.
adequate, relevant and limited to what’s necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed.
processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data.
If you for example decide to download software, order our newsletter, register your Genelec products for extended warranty, join Genelec Community or take part in one of our competitions or contact our customer service, you will be asked for identifiable personal data. The specific purpose of collecting the data will be described when you are entering your data.
In case you have provided us your e-mail address, that could be connected to your browsing data, e.g. in order to send you personalised marketing messages or provide you with personalised website content.
You can manage your subscriptions, i.e. what kind of information we send to you or when we might contact you, by contacting us at mydata@genelec.com. Or you can request all your data being deleted from our records by sending an e-mail to mydata@genelec.com or writing a letter to Genelec Oy, Olvitie 5, 74100 Iisalmi, Finland.
Please note that if you request your data being removed from our records, you will no longer receive any messages from us. Keeping this in mind, it is a good idea to first consider managing your subscriptions, i.e. limiting the messages from us through subscriptions, rather than deleting all your information from our records. You can manage your subscriptions through a link in any newsletter you receive from us or by sending e-mail to mydata@genelec.com.
We will not collect any Personal Information unless and until you provide such information to us voluntarily. Some of the services Genelec offers may be conditioned on the provision of your Personal Information, i.e. using, ordering, or subscribing to a service might require us to have your Personal Information on record. In these cases, the information will be used to maintain our customer relationship with you.
How we use your information
When we collect your Personal Information, we specify the purpose of such collection.
When registering your products through our site, you will be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number and details about your purchase to identify your purchase and product(s) to you, so that we can, in case of warranty case, identify you as the owner of those products.
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, open a service or technical query or enter information on our site. Upon asking for feedback, we also would like to know who to contact, in case we want further information from you. Additionally, if you fill in a questionnaire, you might be asked for your personal details e.g. to enter a prize draw or to receive a reward for your time.
Any Personal Information that you provide will be used to meet your requests such as forwarding Genelec products, brochures, parts, etc. and offering certain services. We may also use your Personal Information to contact you regarding other products and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to be contacted by us concerning other products or services that may be of interest to you, you can request that we limit our contact with you to the initial purpose that you provided your Personal Information.
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To return your goods you have sent to us for service or send you marketing materials, prize or reward when applicable.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up or continue any correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
How do we protect your information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
We use cookies
Cookies are small files that may be stored in your computer's hard disk drive through your browser (if you allow) when you visit a website or if you click a link on a e-newsletters that leads to a website. Cookies enable the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies as a tool to allow us to customise your experience to better match your interests and preferences, or to simply facilitate your signing in to use Genelec services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can set your computer to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being stored. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. Please refer to your browser instructions or on-line help to learn more about these functions.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
Third parties
We do not, in principle, share any Personal Information with third parties in means of selling or trading.
We may use third parties to act as data processors to collect and analyse data, including Personal Information, solely to help us improve our products, services and websites.
We may disclose your personal information or forward your inquiry to the Genelec authorised local representatives delivering and servicing Genelec products, when that is required to provide you with local and efficient service. Genelec authorised local representatives are expressly prohibited from using or disclosing your personal information in any other way. In case of EU residents, we will never send your information outside of European Union without your separate permission to do so.
Please note that we will release Personal Information if in our opinion we are required or authorised to do so by or pursuant to laws or regulations, or by a search warrant, subpoena, court order or other legal process.
Google services on our website
We are using Google AdSense, Google Analytics and Demographics and Interests Reporting on our websites to gather aggregate data about our website usage and to target advertising on Google platforms.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies and third-party cookies or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out is always possible. Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to them by using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Users can visit our site anonymously.
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Facebook services on our website
We use Facebook Pixel on our websites to collect aggregate data about our website usage for the purpose of targeting advertising and boost posts in Facebook.
Children Online
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 16 years old and you will not be able to provide us with your personal information, if you are not 16 years or older.
Notification Policy
In case of a data breach, i.e. that your information might end up in hands of third parties unwillingly, we aim to notify anyone possibly at risk within 72 hours and directly affected individuals without undue delay.
Right to be forgotten
According to law, you will always have the right to request erasure of your Personal Information from our records. You can request all your data being deleted from our records by sending an e-mail to mydata@genelec.com or writing a letter to Genelec Oy, Olvitie 5, 74100 Iisalmi, Finland.
Data Retention
All Personal Information we collect is collected for a stated purpose. Unless you request that we delete your data, we retain the Personal Information for as long as the stated purpose is valid, after which the Personal Information will be deleted within 30 days.
Note that if you have explicitly opted in for our newsletters, we will keep your data and send you newsletters until you request otherwise.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to alter or remove this Privacy Policy at any time at our discretion. Whenever we make any alteration to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes here. Therefore, we advise you to visit this page frequently to stay informed.
If we change this privacy policy in ways we feel are material, we will request your consent to the new policy again.
The latest version of Genelec Privacy Policy is always available on https://www.genelec.com/privacy-policy.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
You can change your personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to your account at Genelec Community
Who to contact
Please write to us from our Customer Service page using the appropriate enquiry form if you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or requests to correct, add to, update, or delete your Personal Information.
Before we receive your request to correct, add to, update, or delete your Personal Information, we may verify your identity to prevent Personal Information from being altered unlawfully.