http://www.soundtech.co.uk/privacy-policy
Covid-19: Latest status update from Sound Technology Ltd. Read more
Toggle navigation
Sound Technology
Email
Password
Log in
Music Retail
Professional Audio
Professional Lighting
Company
News
Servicing
Job Vacancies
Company Profile
Contact Us
Partner Login
Search
Search:
Search
Brands
News
Events
Musicians Blog
Brands
Market Solutions
Pro Blog
News
Online Training
Events
Case Studies
Demo Facility
Application Team
Products
News
Events
Case Studies
AKG
Apogee
Austrian Audio
Cranborne Audio
Crown
dbx
DigiTech
Frameworks
Gator
Hamer Guitars
JBL
Kurzweil
Lexicon Pro
Martin
Nord Keyboards
Oscar Schmidt
Solid State Logic
Soundcraft
Teenage Engineering
Washburn
AKG
Apogee
Austrian Audio
BSS
Cranborne Audio
Crown
dbx
Frameworks
Gator
JBL
Lexicon Pro
Solid State Logic
Soundcraft
Studer
Sports Stadia & Arena
Live Music Venues
Bars & Restaurants
Clubs
Shopping & Leisure
Public & Corporate
Houses of Worship
Transport
Theatre & Performing Arts
Cinema
Educational Facilities
Tour Sound
Martin
Cruise Ships
Theme Parks
Hospitality
Stadia & Arena
Concert & Touring
Television
Theatre
Houses Of Worship
Exhibitions and Tradeshows
Offices & Corporate Spaces
Public Space, Bridge & Parks
×
Share this page
Copy and paste the link below to share this page:
Close
Share
link
email
twitter
linkedin
facebook
Share
link
email
twitter
linkedin
facebook
Privacy Statement for Sound Technology WebsiteMay 2018YOUR INFORMATIONAt Sound Technology Ltd, we take your privacy seriously.We will only ever collect, keep, use or share your data
where you have given us your consent, or if we are legally obliged to do so.This privacy statement sets out how we comply with UK and
European Union data protection requirements. This applies to the entire
website. Any changes to these policies will be posted on this website.Sound Technology Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Midwich
Ltd, is committed to respecting your privacy.  We have structured our website so that, in
general, you can visit Sound Technology Ltd on the web without identifying
yourself or revealing any personal information.
Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be
identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance
with this privacy statement.For your protection, we are registered with the office of
the Information Commissioner and have given all appropriate notifications.WHAT WE COLLECTWe may collect the following information:•          Our Enquiry
Form allows you to direct enquiries to various departments within our
organisation. We aim to collect the minimum data required to effectively deal
with an enquiry. •          We have an
opt-in email database for our Musicians Blog should you wish to subscribe to
regular updates of our articles.•          Some pages
use cookies (see How We Use Cookies later in this policy)•          When you
attend one of our events, you may choose to provide us with your personal
information (name, email address, mailing address) and let us know what you are
interested in receiving further information from us. By doing so, you are
giving us permission to enter your details into our systems on your behalf and share
your details with our supplier partners who presented at the event you
attended.  •          Where you
can order products, we will collect your name, contact and billing information,
transaction and credit card information;•          We require
that users supply personal information, including name, company, telephone
number, fax number and e-mail address prior to purchasing products and
receiving any other company information or materials;•          We may also
ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional
interests, demographics, experiences with our products, and contact preferences
in order to provide you with further correspondence about our products and
services;HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATAWe use this information to operate our business activities
effectively, understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and
in particular for the following reasons:•          Customer
care procedures;•          Provide
information about new products, special offers or other relevant information
you may find interesting; •          Internal
record keeping;•          Improve our
products and services;•          Order
fulfilment; and •          From time to
time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research
purposes.  We may contact you by e-mail,
phone, fax, or mail.WHO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WITH AND YOUR CHOICESWe may use your personal information for the purposes set
out in this statement.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal
information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by
law. WHAT IF YOU THINK WE HAVE INCORRECT INFORMATION OR YOU WOULD
LIKE A COPY OF THE INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU?You may request details of personal information which we
hold about you under previous and current data protection legislation (and in
particular the General Data Protection Regulations (the GDPR). Requested
information will be provided free of charge unless the volume of information
justifies charging a reasonable fee (based on the administrative cost of
supplying the requested data), or the request is a repeat request. Each of
these types of cases will be considered individually.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you
please write to:•          The
Marketing Department, Sound Technology Ltd, Letchworth Point, Letchworth Garden
City, Hertfordshire. SG6 1ND.•          Email:
gdpr@soundtech.co.uk If you believe that any information we are holding on you is
incorrect or incomplete, please write or e-mail us as soon as possible to the
above address. We will correct any information which was found to be incorrect
promptly.SECURITYWe are committed to ensuring that your information is
secure.  In order to prevent unauthorised
access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on
line.  We use encryption when collecting
or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.We may transfer personal data to third countries or
international organisations only if we are satisfied that the recipient has
provided appropriate safeguards, and on condition that enforceable data subject
rights and effective legal remedies for data subjects are available.OTHER WEBSITESOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other
websites of interest easily.  However,
once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not
have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of
any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are
not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable
to the website in question.Those sites may not provide appropriate safeguards, or
enforceable rights and effective legal remedies for you.REMARKETING POLICYSound Technology Ltd uses a Google remarketing cookie on our
website – this allows us to collate lists of visitors who have visited our
website, and show tailored, targeted adverts to them at a later date.Our remarketing activities are limited to the Google Display
Network – a network of websites and blogs throughout the Internet. Sound
Technology may show adverts about our services to you if you have previously
visited our website and are viewing a website that is part of the Google
Display network.Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve
ads based on someone’s past visits to the Sound Technology website. Any data
collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s
privacy policy.You may opt out of the remarketing cookie by visiting your
Google’s Ad Settings, usually reachable through the following link: http://www.google.com/settings/HOW WE USE COOKIES A cookie is a piece of text which asks permission to be
placed on your computer's hard drive.
Once you agree, your browser adds that text in a small file.  A cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets
you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.  The web application can tailor its operations
to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information
about your preferences.  For example,
when you visit an electronic store, a cookie makes it easier to shop, by
allowing you to place things into a shopping basket; the basket itself is not
the cookie, the cookie is placed on your hard drive and keeps track of your
basket versus others in use at the same time.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being
used.  This helps us analyse data about
web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer
needs.  We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the
system.  Denial of a traffic log cookie
should not prevent you from using one of these sites.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website,
by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do
not.  A cookie in no way gives us access
to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose
to share with us.  This practice is
strictly in force.  We know that people
have concerns about cookies, but we believe that the benefit we both gain from
their proper use is worthwhile.  You may
set your web to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies
completely.  You can delete the files
that contain cookies - those files are stored as part of your internet browser.
Cookie & privacy information
Cookie control
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
You can use this tool to change your cookie settings. Otherwise, we’ll assume you’re OK to continue.
I’m fine with this
Information and Settings
Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to work.
Enable essential cookies
We also use some non-essential cookies for web statistics purposes (counting visits to our website).
Enable statistics cookies
To control third-party cookies, you can also adjust your browser settings.
Done
×
Partner Log In
Username
Password
I’ve forgotten my password
Remember me
Sign in
Cancel