http://www.bartwest.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Bartlett & West uses cookies to analyze traffic to this site and improve your experience. Okay, Got It | See Details
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in U.S. privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. We collect this information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website to better serve you.
To send periodic emails regarding industry insights, products and services.
To follow up with you after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. While we track this information about the technology you are using, we do not identify who you are. You will remain anonymous to our system unless you choose to tell us who you are. For example, when you submit a question via our email submission form or submit your resume for consideration of employment, this information is kept confidential and only disclosed to those who may be able to help answer your question or consider you for employment within the company. We do not disclose your personal information to other companies who intend to sell their products or services to you. For example, we will not sell your name or email address to a direct-marketing company.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change your personal information by emailing us.
CAN SPAM Act
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following; if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at marketing@bartwest.com.
Connect with us