http://www.mustad.no/side/terms--conditions
Alle produkterKrokerAllround-krokTreblekrokSirkelkrokFluekrokJighoderKroksettSlukerI enden av snøretSvivlerSplittringerRiggerHeklerFastachRig & SurfFortommerVerktøy og kniverKniverTengerSaksAvkrokingKleppDiverse tilbehørKlærCapserHanskerOppbevaringBagerInspirasjonTips og triksNyheterAlleTips og triksEt virvar av vinger og beinNyheterMustad—mer enn krokNyheterMustad Introduserer InkVaderenAmericasUnited StatesEuropeNorway1. Acceptance of the Terms of UseThese terms of use are entered into by and between you and O. Mustad & Son AS (“Company”, “we” or “us”). The following terms and conditions (these “Terms of Use”) govern your access to and use of mustad-fishing.com, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through mustad-fishing.com (the “Website”).  Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By accessing and using this Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use, you must not access or use the Website.This Website is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.2. Changes to the Terms of UseWe may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them.  Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.3. Accessing the Website and Account SecurityWe reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.You are responsible for:• Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.  • Ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.  We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifiers, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time [in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including] if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.4. Intellectual Property RightsThe Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof) (“Company IP”), are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. In addition, the design, arrangement, and collection of the Company IP on the Website, including the look and feel of the Website, is the exclusive property of the Company and protected by applicable copyright laws.  These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:• Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.  • You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.  • You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.  • If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.  • If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.You must not:• Modify copies of any materials from this Website.  • Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, trade dress, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this Website.You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.5. TrademarksThe Company name, the terms Ancora, Autoline, DuraSteel, Key Brand, Laser Partridge, Maguro, Mustad, Signature Series, and Ultrapoint, the Mustad logo and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.6. Prohibited Uses You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:• In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the U.S. or other countries). • For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.  • To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use (section 26). If in doubt whether or not material complies with the Content Standards, contact our content manager.  • To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.  • To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses associated with any of the foregoing).  • To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.  Additionally, you agree not to:  • Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Website or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.  • Use any robot, spider or other automatic devices, processes or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.  • Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.  • Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.  • Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.  • Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.  • Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.  • Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.7. User ContributionsThe Website may contain message boards, live chat, product review page, personal web pages or profiles and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Website.All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.Any User Contribution you post to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns the perpetual, irrevocable, and royalty-free right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose worldwide.You represent and warrant that:• You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns.  • All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.  You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the Company, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.  The Company is not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions submitted by you or any other users of the Website.8. Monitoring and Enforcement; TerminationThe Company retains the right to remove or refuse to post any or all User Contribution for any or for no reason, including User Contribution that, in our sole discretion, violates the Terms of Use, including violation of the content standards, or could create liability for the Company. We reserve the right to take any other actions with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including but not limited to: (i) disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy; (ii) take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website; and (iii) terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website.  Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER THE COMPANY OR SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.  However, we shall have no obligations to use, return, review, monitor, remove, or respond to any User Contribution (unless required by law), and shall not be liable to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.9. User Contribution Content StandardsThese content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User  Contributions must not:• Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.  • Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.  • Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.  • Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.  • Be likely to deceive any person.  • Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.  • Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.  • Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.  • Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.  • Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.10. Copyright InfringementIf you believe that any User Contributions violate your copyright, you should send written notice of the alleged copyright infringement to our designated copyright agent (“Copyright Agent”) at the following address:[INSERT NAME] [INSERT ADDRESS] [INSERT EMAIL]Your notice must meet the requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act by providing the following information:• A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;  • A description of where the allegedly infringing material is located on the Website;  • Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;  • A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;  • A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, affirming that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the owner of the copyright at issue or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and  • An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright at issue.  If you believe that your User Contribution was removed or disabled but is not infringing; or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your User Contribution, you may send a counter-notice to the Copyright Agent containing the following information:  • Your physical or electronic signature;  • Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;  • A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and  • Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in the State of Florida, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.11. Reliance on Information PostedThe information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. The inclusion of any products or services on a Website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. Certain weights, measures, and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. We attempt to ensure that product information on the Website is complete, accurate and up-to-date, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see depends on your device set-up, and we cannot guarantee that your device will accurately display such colors. Despite our efforts, the information on the Website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date. For example, products or services included on a Website may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may carry a different price than what is stated on our Website. In the event of a pricing error or discrepancy on a Website with respect to products or services, we reserve the right to cancel any orders (or partial orders) for such products or services.  This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party partners, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.12. Changes to the WebsiteWe may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the information or material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.13. Information About You and Your Visits to the WebsiteAll information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.14. Online Purchases and Other Terms and ConditionsAll purchases through our Website or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our Terms of Sale, which are hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.15. Linking to the Website and Social Media FeaturesYou may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.  This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:  • Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.  • Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website.  • Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.  You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:  • Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.  • Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.  • Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.  You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.  We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.16. Links from the WebsiteIf the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.17. Disclaimer of WarrantiesYou understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Website for any reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.  YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.  THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.18. Limitation on LiabilityIN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.19. IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Website’s content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.20. Governing Law and JurisdictionAll matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to its conflict of law provision.  Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Florida in each case located in the City of Miami, although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.21. ArbitrationAt Company’s sole discretion, it may require You to submit any disputes arising from the use of these Terms of Use or the Website, including disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation, invalidity, non-performance, or termination, to final and binding arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association applying Florida law.22. Limitation on Time to File ClaimsANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.23. Waiver and SeverabilityNo waiver of by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.24. Entire AgreementThe Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Sale constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.25. Your Comments and ConcernsThis Website is operated by O. Mustad & Son AS at 3250 NE 1st Ave, Suite 210, Miami, FL 33137.  All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the Copyright Agent designated in the Copyright Infringement Section of these Terms and Use in the manner and by the means set forth therein.  All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to: info@mustad-americas.com.Last updated: September 27th, 2018An error occured, please try to refresh the page