http://www.salesengineering.com/privacy.php
contact us
site map
Pre-Sales Performance ExcellenceSM
Home
Solutions
Training
Services
Products
Our Company
Our Mission
Customers
Testimonials
Resources
What's Inside?
News
Frequently Asked Questions
Webinars
Case Studies
White Papers
Radio Transcripts
Newsletters
Assessment
Blog
Home
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
salesengineering.com (Technical Selling Enterprises, LLC)
exercises care in the handling of personal information collected via www.salesengineering.com and conducts its business in ways that demonstrates respect for personal privacy.
www.salesengineering.com offers visitors opportunities to sign up for email and request information. We do not collect or maintain any personal information unless you provide it to us.
The www.salesengineering.com website neither targets persons who are less than 18 years of age nor knowingly collects personal information online from them. If anyone under 18 years of age wishes to sign up for the newsletter or otherwise transmit information, we encourage them to do so under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
We use web server log files to assess the aggregate level of traffic to the website for information about the volume, variety, timing, and other characteristics of our web traffic and to diagnose any potential problems with the Web site.
Web server log files do contain an IP address but not information on a specific individuals. We do not use log files to track a particular individual's use of the website but reserve the right to utilize log information in the investigation of any malicious activity.
We do not share, trade, or sell personal information to third parties without your consent except, in limited ways if required by law.
We may make use of cookies to maintain the browser session. A cookie is a tiny text file that is placed on your hard drive by the web server. These text files do not contain any personal information and can not be used to obtain any information that you do not voluntarily provide.
Our site may contain links to other web sites and servers. Technical Selling Enterprises, LLC is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of linked Web sites; nor should a link from this website be construed as an endorsement of that site's content or practices.
We do not intend to make any changes to this policy but reserve the right to do so as changing circumstances require.
© 2020, Technical Selling Enterprises, LLC
Privacy Policy