https://www.cannonbonoenergia.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Home About us ProductsSteam generatorsWater Tube Steam Generators Fire tubesUM series FT series SM and SG Series HE Smart series
Diathermic oil heatersOMV coil heater OMP multitubolar heater HTH multitubolar heavy duty heater
BiomassSteam Generators Diathermic Oil Superheated water
Superheated water boilersHot Water Heaters
Combustion and automationBurners Boiler control system
Heat recovery Boiler feedwater treatments
MarketsChemical District heating Energy Food and Beverage Paper Pharmaceutical Rubber and Plastic Textile Oil & Gas
Services Case Histories News Contacts
Terms and ConditionsYou are here:HomeTerms and Conditions
Legal Stuff
Your access and use of the Site of Cannon S.p.A. (“Cannon”) are subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used without the written permission of Cannon.
The information and recommendations in this web site are, to the best of our knowledge, reliable. Cannon is not responsible for errors or omissions in the content of the Site. Suggestions made concerning the products, their uses and applications are only the opinion of Cannon and users should make their own test to determine the suitability of these products for their own particular purposes. CANNON MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, other than that the material conforms to its applicable current Standard Specifications. Statements made herein, therefore, should not be construed as representations or warranties. Statements concerning the use of the products described herein are not to be construed as recommending the infringement of any patent and no liability for infringement arising out of any such use is assumed.
Cannon maintains this site (the “Site”) for your information, education, communication and personal entertainment. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Cannon’s written permission. If you are a registered publisher, a free-lance journalist or an achademic you can use and publish the material downloaded from the “Press Corner” portion of this Site without asking for a specific permission.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither Cannon nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Cannon also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, including your IP address, name and address, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Cannon or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, internal business purposes, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Cannon is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Cannon. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Cannon and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of Cannon or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Cannon will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
The Site links to third-party Web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Cannon of the contents on such third-party Web sites. Cannon is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party Web sites. If you decide to access linked third-party Web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Cannon makes no claims that the contents of this Site are appropriate or may be downloaded in your jurisdiction. Access to the Site (including software) may not be legal by certain persons. If you access this Site, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
Search
Search:
Contact usTo discuss about your project, or for any other information, please contact us:
Name and surname
Company
Email
Your message
I have read the Privacy Policy and accept the terms and conditions, in accordance with the data protection statement.
I authorize newsletter subscriptionI do not authorize newsletter subscription
I authorize marketing communicationI do not authorize marketing communication
Please leave this field empty.
Go to Top
Questo sito o gli strumenti terzi da questo utilizzati si avvalgono di cookie necessari al funzionamento ed utili per offrirti un'esperienza di navigazione migliore attraverso la profilazione. Se vuoi saperne di più o negare il consenso, consulta la cookie policy. Chiudendo questo banner, cliccando su un link o proseguendo la navigazione in altra maniera, acconsenti all’uso dei cookie. OKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.