http://www.pmlindia.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@pmlindia.com or mailing us at: Permanent Magnets Ltd., B3 MIDC, Mira Road East, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 401104, India
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - ECOMMERCE
Our store is hosted on E commerce platform. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through their data storage, databases and the general application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then E commerce store stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links:
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. _session_id, unique token, seasonal, Allows us to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). , no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits , no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer. cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart. _secure_session_id, unique token, seasonal storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at privacy@pmlindia.com or by mail at
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[Permanent Magnets Ltd., B3 MIDC, Mira Road East Mumbai Maharashtra IN 401104]
Quantity
Subtotal:
Add to Cart
Home
Products
Hi-Perm
NiFe, SiFe & CoFe Properties
Flux Concentrator
Laminated
Toroidal
U-Shape
C-Shape
UCR
Magnetic Shields
Laminations
Ring Lamination
E & I Lamination
Stator & Rotor Lamination
Other
Relay Components
Human Safety Relay
Machine Safety Relay
Torque Sensor Components
Toroidal Core
Assemblies
Annealing Services
Design Services
Mumetal Foils & Sheets
Wire Shielding Application
CO-NETIC® AA Cable Shield
CO-NETIC® AA Wire
INTER-8® Weave Cable
SPIRA-SHIELD Flexible Conduit
Kits, Meters & Probes
AC Probe - Axial - 20 MV
AC Probe - Axial - 60 MV
4180 Gaussmeter, ELF Gaussmeter- FW Bell
AC Probe - Transverse - 60 MV
Basic Lab Kit
EF- 401, 1-Axis AC Magnetic Field Meter
University Lab Kit
Components in 50% Co:Fe
Products For Aerospace
Standard Product
FAQ
Shunts
Shunt Assembly for Energy Meters
Brass & Neutral Terminals
Automotive Shunt
Nano Amorphous Product
CTs for Energy Meter
Cores
Amorphous Cut Cores
Vaccum Heat Treatment Services
Magnetic Assemblies
Magnetic Separator
Magnetic Lifters
All Magnetic Lifters
Magnetic Lifters for Shop Floors & Tool Sheds
Easy Clean Design
Magnetic Sweeper
Mini-Electro Magnet
Holding Magnets
All Work Holding and Welding Magnets
Precast Concreate Magnet
Welding Clamp
Retrieving Magnets
All Retrieving and Cleaning Magnets
Material Handling Magnet
Office & Workshop
All Home, Office and Workshop Magnets
Calibration Services
Alnico Magnet
Clientele
Sensor Modules
Battery Monitoring System
Smart Battery Clamp
Clamp-on Current Sensors
Hall Shunt Module
Zamak
Multi Slide Die-casting
Industry
EV / HEV
Renewable Energy
Aerospace
Defence
Medical
Energy Meter
Food
Application
Current Sensing
Flux Concentrators
Energy meter for CT's
GFCI
Laminations
Ring Lamination
E & I Lamination
Stator & Rotor Lamination
Other
Toroidal cores
Cut Core
Modules
Torque / Angular Sensing
Shielding
C-Shield
Deep-Drawn Shielding Cans
Fabricated Shields
MuMETAL® Stress Annealed Sheet
MuMETAL® Zero Gauss Chambers
SMD Shields
U-shields
UCR Flux Concentrator
Motors /
Generators
Relays
Pages
About PML
Policies
Track Order
Feedback
Investors
Contact
English
English French German Italian Russian Spanish