http://www.bristol.com.my/terms-conditions/
Store
Search for:
Main Menu
Products
Products
back
Seating
Seating
back
Liven
Soul
Kaya
Saya
Anatom
Como Office
Impaq
Kella
Merlin
Presa V2
Taz
Team
Girs Air
Kleiber
Kleiber Air
Kleiber Flex
Kleiber Flex Air
Myko
Como Lounge
Lemoine
Lemoinex
Lineate
Loft
Modu
Swell
Virtu
Virtu SV
Zaza
Bira (By ADMO)
Como Face
Como Waiting
Wobi
Systems
Systems
back
Artiv
COMO
Klug
Sunflower
System 288
ComCon R2.4
Decibel 43
Hybrid
R3.1
Shield Polycarbonate Panels
Zones Mobile Panels
Radial Privacy Panels
Tables
Tables
back
Artiv
COMO
Kanye
O Series
Needs
Swift
Lift
Vertigo
Vertigo 2.0
Fadz
Loft Coffee Table
Loft Notebook Stand
Mixo
Trio Coffee Table
Storage
Storage
back
Brava
Cask
Encase
Encase 2
Keep
Accessories
Accessories
back
Decibel 18mm Acoustic Panel
ERGO - Keyboard Tray
JPS
-
Flat Screen Arm
JPS3 (By ADMO)
Portfolio
Portfolio
back
IT
Oil & GAS
Healthcare
Co-Working
Others
Solutions
Solutions
back
Post Covid Workplace
Home Office
Meeting
Private Office
Planning Tool - pCon
pCon.box
Company
Company
back
About Us
Blog
Careers
Events
News
Warranty
Contact
Contact
back
Location
Enquiry Form
Download
Download
back
Search for:
Terms & Conditions
Introduction
Welcome to Bristol.com.my. This Site is owned by Bristol Technologies Sdn Bhd (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you how this Site collects, uses, and discloses the information you provide via this Site. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have reviewed, and agree to, the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, do not use this Site.
Scope of Privacy Policy / Links
This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site. Although this Site may provide you with links to other websites, including those of our business partners and/or service providers, those websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Likewise, although this Site may provide links to websites that are owned or operated by us or our affiliates, this Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit, including those websites to which this Site provides links. Whenever you link to any other website from this Site, you are solely responsible for any interactions you may have with that website. Links from this Site to other websites will typically open in a separate browser window while the browser window for this Site remains open in the background.
This Site provides a link to a third party web-site that allows you to enroll for electronic delivery of our proxy statement, annual report, and related materials as an alternative to receiving such materials by mail. This third-party website gathers certain personally identifiable information (e.g., your Social Security Number and email address) to process your enrollment. Even though this third-party website may be branded with the Bristol logo, it is operated by Investor Communication Services ("ICS") and any information you submit through that website is subject to the terms of ICS's website privacy policy, which is available at www.icsdelivery.com. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to the ICS website.
Who Should Use this Site
This Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from such individuals.
Active Information Collection
At various points on this Site, you might choose to actively provide certain kinds of information, including personally identifiable information, such as full name, address, phone number, e-mail address, etc. The Site typically will indicate which information is required and which information is optional at the information collection point in question. In any case, by submitting information via an active information collection point at this Site, you specifically consent to the collection, use, and dissemination of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Active information collection points at this Site may include:
Email Reply Mechanisms
This Site may provide you with one or more e-mail reply mechanisms through which you may submit questions or comments. Information you provide via such e-mail reply mechanisms is typically all optional. We may use the information you provide in your e-mail to respond to your inquiry, and we reserve the right to retain whatever information you submit in your e-mail, including your name, e-mail address, and any comments or other information that you send via the e-mail reply mechanism.
Question, Comment, and Feedback Forms
This Site may post a form for you to use in submitting questions, comments, and other feedback about us, our affiliates, this Site, our or our affiliates' products and services, and other topics. We use such feedback information to improve this Site, and our or our affiliates' products and services as well as for marketing and research purposes. Most information you provide in such forms is optional, but you will need to provide at least some personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, and phone number, so that we may respond to your inquiry.
Product Information, and Catalog Request Forms
This Site may include a form that you can use to request information about us, our affiliates, or our or our affiliates' products and services, or to request catalogs or brochures. In addition to asking you to identify the specific information or materials in which you are interested, these forms may request, among other things, your name, address, and e-mail address, so that we may send you the information or materials you request. These forms may also request certain demographic information about you to help us better understand your interests and needs.
Surveys and Evaluations
The Site may ask you to complete optional surveys and evaluations about us, our affiliates, this Site, our or our affiliates' products and services, and other topics. These surveys and evaluations might request personally identifiable information, such as your name and e-mail address, so that we can follow up with you. Typically, we use such surveys and evaluations to better understand our customers and their preferences.
Registration Forms
Because access to portions of this Site is restricted to authorized users, you may be required to complete a registration form. This form may ask you for a variety of information that will help us to identify you and contact you, such as your name, business address, office e-mail address, office phone number, and your relationship to us. Where you could be using the Site to place orders, we will also ask you for billing and shipping information. Registration information will be associated with your username and password, without which you will not be able to access the restricted portions of the Site.
E-Mail Newsletters, Alerts, or Reminders
The Site may ask you to provide your e-mail address so that you can receive e-mail newsletters, alerts, or reminders about us, our affiliates, our Site, our or our affiliates' products and services, and other topics of interest. If you no longer wish to receive such e-mails, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions included in such e-mails or contact us as described below.
Other Functions
This Site may offer tests, quizzes, search functions, calculators, or conversion tools that help you learn more about various topics. We use the information you input while using these functions to provide you with immediate feedback.
Passive Information Collection
This Site uses various technologies to passively collect information from you while you are visiting (that is, you do not actively provide this information). Such technologies allow the Site to collect a range of nonpersonally identifiable information, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique identifier automatically assigned to your computer when logging onto the Internet), the type of Web browser and operating system you use, the date and time you visit the Site, the specific pages you visit on the Site, and the address of the website you visited before coming to this Site. We typically use such passively collected information for a variety of purposes, such as to administer the Site, customize the Site to your preferences, and compile aggregated statistics for marketing and research purposes. We reserve the unrestricted right to use this passively collected, nonpersonally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, selling, leasing, permitting access to, or otherwise transferring it to our affiliates, business partners, advertisers, dealers, and other third parties.
Two types of passive information collection technologies deserve special mention:
Cookies
"Cookies" are small text files that store information about your interactions with a particular website, either temporarily (known as a "temporary" or "session" cookie, and deleted once you close your browser window) or more permanently on the hard drive of your computer (known as a "permanent" or "persistent cookie"). Cookies can make it easier to use a website by allowing servers to access certain information quickly:
Session cookies can be used to help a user's browser navigate a website more smoothly and may show up if the user comes from a website with which the subsequent website has some relationship (e.g., a website of an affiliated company) and can give helpful information.
Persistent cookies can be used to customize a website for a user, such as by storing passwords, preferences, and registration and account information so that users do not have to reenter them each time they visit a website.
This Site uses both session/temporary cookies and persistent/permanent cookies to store information that allows us to offer you better customer service and to navigate through the Site with ease. To make the Site easier to use, we combine information collected via cookies with personally identifiable information. Note that if you configure your browser to reject cookies, you might not be able to access important functions or areas of the Site or enjoy certain conveniences at this Site.
Web Beacons
"Web beacons" (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are Internet tags that are smaller than cookies and may tell the website server nonpersonally identifiable information such as the IP address and browser type related to the user's computer. This Site does not use "Web beacons."
Other Uses and Disclosures of Information
As indicated above, we use information we collect from you via this Site for a variety of purposes. Unless otherwise provided above, we may also use personally and nonpersonally identifiable information you submit via this Site in the following ways:
to conduct internal marketing and research; and
to improve the content of the Site.
From time to time, our service providers may have access to information you submit via the Site to provide operational or other support services for the Site (e.g., Web hosting or database services). We have put in place agreements with such service providers to protect against unauthorized uses or disclosures of such information.
Except as otherwise provided in the "Active Information Collection" section above, we also reserve the right to sell, lease, provide access, or otherwise transfer personally identifiable information you submit via this Site to our business partners (including e-mail delivery services and content providers), affiliates, and dealers for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere on this Site, we reserve the right to share or transfer any information you submit via this Site to another person or company in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this Site and/or Bristol Pte Ltd.; to respond to law enforcement requests; or where required by applicable law, statute, regulation, ordinance, subpoena, or court order. By submitting personally identifiable information via this Site, you consent to such disclosures in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information Access
We take reasonable measures to ensure that personally identifiable information that we collect from you via this Site is accurate, current, complete, and reliable for its intended uses. If you wish to update or otherwise correct personally identifiable information you have provided to us, please resubmit the applicable form on the Site with the updated information.
We will make reasonable efforts to respond to your inquiry, but we may require follow-up or contact information to allow us to verify that you are the person authorized to view the information you are requesting. We may, in our discretion, refuse to allow you access to certain information if, in our view, to provide such access would jeopardize another person's privacy; would violate any applicable federal, state, or foreign law, regulation, or directive; or would unreasonably burden this Site.
Data Security
Although we take steps to protect personally identifiable information you provide via this Site from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration, no system is 100% secure or error-free. Therefore, we do not, and cannot, guarantee the security or accuracy of the information we collect via this Site, and you acknowledge that you are assuming the risk in transmitting any information to us.
It is your responsibility to safeguard any usernames and passwords you use to access portions of this Site and to notify us if you ever suspect that these usernames or passwords have been compromised. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of this Site conducted via your username or password.
Trademarks and copyright
The entire contents of this web site are protected by international copyright and trade mark laws.
Certain names, words, titles, phrases, logos, icons, graphics or designs on this web site may constitute trade marks, trade names or service marks of Bristol, its affiliates and subsidiaries or may be licensed to such corporations by other persons. All other trade marks, trade names and service marks are the property of the respective owners. The display of trade marks, trade names or service marks does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted to anyone else.
Ask Us / Enforcement of this Privacy Policy
If at any time you have questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or the information practices of this Site, please contact us in one of the following ways:
Mailing address
Bristol Technologies Sdn. Bhd,
Lot 5178 Balakong Jaya Light Industri
43300 Seri Kembangan, Selangor, Malaysia.
Tel:  +603 8962 3233
Fax: +603 8962 6322
We will take reasonable steps to respond to your inquiry and remedy any problems you may bring to our attention.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised Policy will be posted here and the date of the newest version will be posted below. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any personally identifiable information at this Site, to see if the Privacy Policy has changed.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on July 08, 2004.
Subscribe to stay in the loop
Submit
Copyright © 2020 Bristol (M) Sdn. Bhd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions.
Follow us on