http://www.xjtag.com/privacy-policy/
CoronavirusWebinarsProductsJTAG SoftwareXJDeveloper – IDEXJInvestigator – Repair StationXJRunner – Production TestXJAnalyser – Real-time DebugXJFlash – Ultra-fast programmerXJTAG DFT AssistantCompare SoftwareHardwareJTAG controllersXJTAG Expert ADF-2XJLink2PXI-XJLink2XJQuadXJLink2-3030 (SPEA)XJLink2-3070 (Keysight)XJLink2-CFM (Teradyne)Test Extension HardwareCompare HardwareFeatured CapabilitiesAdvanced Connection Test3rd Party IntegrationHigh-speed Flash ProgrammingLayout ViewerSchematic ViewerWaveform ViewerDemo board & TutorialsJTAG Chain DebuggerBSDL EditorTesting with no netlistNetwork LicensingLicences for Multi-Board TestingXJAPI SW/HW InterfaceBoundary Scan ApplicationsBoard Bring-up & Prototype DebugManufacturing Test & ProgrammingServicesXJDirectProduct Brochures / DatasheetsWhat is JTAG? CloseVideosCase StudiesCompanyAbout XJTAGEventsCareersNews RoomPress ReleasesIn the NewsPartnersDistributorsTechnology PartnersEMS/CEM Developers & Test ProvidersUniversity ProgramPartner AreaThis is a Member Area for XJTAG Partners CloseSupportSupportContact SupportDownloadsXJEase Example CodeFAQApplication NotesSupport notesAbout JTAGWhat is JTAG and how to make use of it?Design & Test GuidelinesHigh-level Guide to JTAGTechnical Guide to JTAGJTAG testing with XJTAGLearningFree Training WebinarsVideo Tutorials CloseContactGeneral Enquiries & Sales    Take a Free TrialSign up for ebooksMap & Directions Close
Home / Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us as is your trust in us to behave appropriately with any personal information disclosed to us. This privacy policy contains important information such as who we are, how and why we collect your personal information, as well as how we use, share, transfer, store and protect this information, including:
Information obtained in relation to your access and use of our websites (“www.xjtag.com”, “www.xjtag.co.uk”, “www.xjtag.de”, “www.xjtag.fr”, “this website”) and services
Information obtained through e-mail communications with you related to this website.
Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your consent to any action we take with respect to your information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We ask that you read this policy carefully as it contains important information and explains how to contact us if you have any questions.
We may change terms of this privacy policy from time to time by updating this page. You are therefore encouraged to review this page occasionally to ensure you are still happy to accept the policy.
This policy is effective from 31 July 2019.
Who we are
Personal information submitted through this website is collected by XJTAG Limited (“we”, “us”, “our” or “XJTAG”). More information on XJTAG can be found at www.xjtag.com.
XJTAG Limited is the Owner and Data Controller who determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.
Contact details:
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy or how we use your personal information, please email or write to us at:
Address: XJTAG Limited, CamTech House, 137 Cambridge Road Ind. Est., Milton, Cambridge, CB24 6AZ, UKEmail: privacy@xjtag.com
What we collect
We may collect information about you when you request quotes, products or evaluations of products through this website. We may also collect information when you register on this website, register or download our software or updates, register for one of our mailing lists, participate in competitions or surveys, when you submit support requests through the website, respond to requests for feedback and when you submit postings to public areas of this website (e.g. the XJTAG Blog or the customers’ file upload area.) We may also collect information about you when you engage with us at trade shows and similar events (such as when we scan your attendee pass at an exhibition stand).
We may collect the following information:
your name, title;
your contact details such as email address, telephone number, postal address, country of residence;
business details such as job title, employer’s name, employer’s website;
specific enquiry and purchase details;
your trade show or similar event attendee details (where applicable);
your computer’s IP address or other automatically collected data that can identify your computer;
statistics on how you access and use our website or services;
any other personal information you provide to us in relation to our services.
Why we collect this information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you or your organisation with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
to be able to respond to your enquiries;
to process quotes and purchases;
to provide products and services tailored to your needs;
to provide you with this website and customize your experience on the website;
to provide you with e-mail and other notices (such as expiry / renewal notices) regarding your use of our products, and for billing and collection purposes;
to provide you with news, information and material in relation to our products and services or direct marketing and promotional content;
to monitor who is accessing our website or using our services;
to profile the type of visitors using our website or services;
to improve our website or services;
to contact you about changes regarding this website;
for any other purpose disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which you consent;
as specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
We will never send you advertisements or marketing communications on behalf of third parties.
To whom do we disclose your personal information?
We may pass information internally between company members of Cambridge Technology Group (of which XJTAG is a subsidiary) for the purposes of our own administration and website management.
We may pass your Personally Identifiable Information to a relevant local distributor of our products if you are requesting a product or service (e.g. support or product evaluation) which would be best fulfilled by that distributor, in order that they can contact you directly, for example to arrange to visit you or send you equipment.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties which provide services to us (for example our CRM, web hosting – and if you authorised us, email marketing – service providers who assist us in providing our services to you).
If you are in a country outside the United Kingdom (UK) or European Union (EU) your country may not have data protection laws equivalent to those inside the UK or EU. You agree to such a transfer of your information to our distributor for that country.
Except as described above, we will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information unless:
with your specific permission; or
if we are required to by law (e.g. in connection with legal proceedings); or
in order to defend our legal rights (e.g. for fraud prevention); or
to any prospective purchaser of XJTAG or any part of XJTAG which we are considering selling.
We may disclose aggregated, anonymous statistics about users as long as no individual is identifiable by the information disclosed.
How long we keep this information
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Appropriate safeguards will be implemented to protect your data, including where technical limitations restrict our ability to remove your personal information from our systems.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information – Your rights
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
if you have previously supplied personal data;
if you have previously agreed to us processing your personal information.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
If you have a complaint you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which is the data privacy supervisory authority in the UK.
Under the GDPR (the EU General Data Protection Regulation), you have a number of specific rights with regards to your personal information:
Right of access – if you want to know if we are storing or processing any personal data about you, you can email privacy@xjtag.com to find out. If this is the case, you may find out what purpose it is being stored for and request a copy of your data by contacting us. Your data will be supplied as soon as is practical in a CSV (comma separated value) file format which can be opened as a simple text file or as a spreadsheet.There is no charge for making a request or for the electronic data file, but if the number and frequency of requests is unreasonable we may charge an admin fee.
Right to correction – if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Right to erasure – if you want to remove your personal data from our records, you can request this by contacting us. We will remove the data as far as it is practically within our power, and where we are not legally obliged to retain it.
Right to object – if you no longer want us to process your data you can request this by contacting us.
Right to complain – if you are unhappy with how we are managing your personal data, we would ask that any complaint should be made first in writing to us. If for any reason you do not wish to complain to us initially or if you are unhappy with how we propose to resolve your complaint, you can lodge a complaint with the UK supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
We may need to contact you to verify such changes. If you are a customer of XJTAG it would probably make more sense to call us or your distributor by phone to update your details, in order to make sure that support renewal reminders, etc., go to the correct address.
In addition, you may:
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing;
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information;
where the processing is based on your consent you may withdraw your consent at any time;
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Can I opt-out of providing personal information?
The provision of your personal information is required in order to access or use our products and parts of our website, to enable us to provide you with our services or to contact you for support purposes.
If you do not wish to have your personal information used or disclosed in a manner described in this Privacy Policy, you can contact us. However, you may not be able to access, or use, all or part of our website or services.
In addition, we may still use or disclose that information if:
we subsequently notify you of the intended disclosure and you do not object to that use or disclosure;
we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for government or public security in the performance of their functions;
to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our rights;
to protect the safety of members of the public and users of our website and services; or
we are required by law to disclose the information.
Can I opt-out of promotional and marketing content?
If you opt in (on the page where you submit data to us) we may use the information you provide us to send you e-mail and other communications on behalf of XJTAG. These communications may include e-mail newsletters, as well as offers for other XJTAG services or products.
All our emailed newsletters or promotional offers will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of receiving future communications.
You may choose to opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional communications by emailing us at privacy@xjtag.com.
How we use cookies
This website uses cookies to provide certain features – read our Cookie Policy. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies help us understand visitors’ behaviour on our website by tracking how you use our website. Cookies also allow the website to tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. We do not collect personally identifiable data using cookies, but if you provide us with personally identifiable data, we may associate that with the information that is collected automatically.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to block cookies if you prefer. However, doing so may compromise your ability to use certain features of this website (including access to XJTAG software and updates). Read how to control and delete cookies.
We also use Google Analytics to analyse data about website visitors. Read the Google Analytics privacy policy.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Ready to get started? Try XJTAG
See XJTAG in action.
Our experts will be happy to show you how the XJTAG tools can help you diagnose faults on your board as well as cutting test development and repair time.
Ask for a Demo
Questions? Contact us!
We're here to help. Send us a message and one of our test specialists will get back to you shortly.
Contact us
Get a free test setup.
Evaluate the XJTAG system with full functionality for 30 days and get the first test project set up for your board – for free. No obligation to purchase.
Get started now
Join world leading companies using XJTAG Boundary Scan
This site tracks visits anonymously using cookies. Close this bar to confirm you are happy with that or find out more in our
Cookie Policy »Agree and close