http://www.money.net/terms-of-service
Money.Net 2020 Terms and Conditions
Money.Net is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained in this Subscriber Agreement ("Agreement"). Your access to Money.Net and your receipt of any subscription-based services and information made available through Money.Net (the "Information" and the "Service" or "Services") constitutes (i) your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices; (ii) your agreement to be bound by and comply with this Agreement; and (iii) your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information as described in the Privacy Statement. If you do not so agree and consent, you are not authorized to visit Money.Net or use Money.Net's Information or Services.
Please read the terms and conditions of this Agreement carefully; they impose obligations on you and govern your relationship with Money.Net. By accessing any of the Information or Services, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and agree without limitation or qualification, to be legally bound by, and to comply with them.
Terms and Conditions
System Interface and Configuration. You shall be responsible for obtaining the requisite communication lines and internet connections to interface with Money.Net. You understand and agree that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute an undertaking by Money.Net to continue to disseminate the Information in its present form or configuration. Money.Net, in its sole discretion may, from time to time, make modifications to the Information and Service, irrespective of whether such modifications would require changes to be made by you to any device or equipment which receives the Service from Money.Net. You shall bear all risks of failing to make concurrent modifications to your devices and equipment and you acknowledge and agree that neither Money.Net nor its Information Providers (defined as the source from which Money.Net receives the Information made available through the Service) shall be responsible if such changes affect your access to or use of the Service in any way.
Ownership of Software. Software included as part of the Service contains software proprietary to Money.Net and/or to third parties ("Third Party Suppliers") and licensed to Money.Net ("Money.Net Software"). Money.Net and Third-Party Suppliers retain title and ownership to the Money.Net Software and all copyright and other intellectual property rights therein. Your receipt of the Service does not constitute a sale of the Money.Net Software or any copy. You agree not to alter, decompile, or disassemble the Money.Net Software.
Proprietary Rights; Corporate Names. You understand and agree that Money.Net and the Information Providers have proprietary rights in certain trademarks, service marks, trade names, corporate names and in the Information that originates on or derives from markets regulated or operated by the Information Providers and in the compilation of Information gathered from other sources (the "Intellectual Property"). You agree not to use such Intellectual Property in any way which would infringe upon the rights of Money.Net and the Information Providers. You agree not to alter, remove, or obscure any copyright notices or other proprietary notices on and in any part of the Service.
Third Party Beneficiaries. You agree that the Information Providers have the right to enforce the terms of this Agreement and are specifically intended to be third party beneficiaries hereof.
Authorized Use of Information. You are authorized to receive and use the Information solely in accordance with this Agreement. Any other use of the Information by you, including, but not limited to, retransmission or reprocessing, in whole or in part, is prohibited and you agree not to transmit, divulge, or publish any part of the content or substance or in any way provide the Information, or any part thereof, to any other Person, which shall be defined as any natural person, proprietorship, corporation, partnership, or other entity whatsoever. You acknowledge and agree that as a condition of continued receipt of Information from Money.Net, its suppliers or any of their affiliates or agents, you shall not create, sponsor or permit the trading of financial instruments or investment products (including, without limitation, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, exchange-traded funds or derivatives based on exchange-traded funds where the price, return and/or performance of such instrument or product is based on, related to, or intended to track, any index published by any of Money.Net's suppliers or financial instrument or investment product linked to an index published by any Money.Net supplier without a separate written agreement with the applicable Money.Net supplier for such purpose.
Representation of Professional/Non-Professional Status. When signing up as a Subscriber, you will be deemed to have professional status. To qualify as a Non-Professional, you must warrant that you: i) are an individual neither (A) acting as a broker or dealer in the purchase or sale of negotiable financial instruments for third parties or registered or qualified in any capacity under any U.S. federal or state or Canadian or provincial securities or commodities trading law, rule or regulation, or the rules or regulations of any securities or commodities exchange, market or association; nor (B) engaged as an "investment advisor" or "investment banker" as defined in the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 of the United States (whether or not registered or qualified under that Act); nor (C) employed by a bank or other organization exempt from registration under federal, state or provincial securities laws to perform functions that would require registration or qualification if such functions were performed for an organization not so exempt; ii) are over eighteen (18) years of age; and iii) are a party to this Agreement in your own personal capacity and do not represent any firm, corporation, partnership, trust or association. You acknowledge and agree that if your status with respect to any of the foregoing statements is affected or changed in anyway, you shall promptly contact billing@money.net.
If any of the above do not apply but you are a professional broker, dealer or trader or employed by or conducting business in the securities industry, you will be designated as a Professional and you must agree to be bound by certain exchange agreements before utilizing the Services for commercial purposes.
If you are such a professional, you must complete and submit the appropriate agreements as available and as directed when signing up as a Subscriber and accept and agree to the terms therein.
Money.Net reserves the right to deny Service to any Subscriber who, in Money.Net's determination, misrepresents its non-professional status. If it is determined by Money.Net, or through any third-party audit by any of the Information Providers, that you have misrepresented your status as a non-professional, you accept and agree that Money.net reserves the right to debit your credit card, bank account, or invoice you for the difference in any non-professional exchange fees remitted by you over the period of any third-party or internal audit and the amount of professional exchange fees which should have been remitted under professional status. Money.Net remits the full amount of the exchange fees paid by you directly to the Information Provider.
Information from Subscribers. All information provided by you pursuant to this Agreement is being provided at the request of you and the Information Providers. Money.Net shall request any additional information from you required by any Information Providers or their auditors. Failure to promptly provide the requested information shall result in termination of access to the Service until such time as the request is complied with. Money.Net reserves the right based on information provided by subscribers to email and/or text message product updates, billing information updates, and promotional offers.
Account Sharing and Denial of Access. You may not share your Money.Net username and/or password with any third party. We reserve the right to limit access to the Services to one user at a time. Money.Net reserves the right to cancel or deny access to any subscriber who shares their account or, in its sole discretion, to any user without notice.
Subscription fees for the Platform and any applicable exchange fees are set forth on Money.Net’s website and may be amended at Money.Net's sole discretion from time to time without notice and are payable monthly in advance. Payment shall be accepted by credit card or via electronic ACH payment. A portion of your subscription fee may include an exchange fee that is paid to the securities exchanges by Money.Net. Money.Net subscription and exchange fees are non-refundable.
By agreeing to these Terms & Conditions, you agree to provide Money.Net with the right to debit your credit card monthly in advance for all Services provided to you. Money.Net is a recurring subscription and you will continue to be billed monthly until you request cancellation. You may cancel at any time; however, subscriptions are subject to a 30-day cancellation policy. Customers requesting cancellation must submit a request in writing via email to billing@money.net prior to your re-bill date
Refunds are not permitted for billed charges prior to your cancellation request date. Money.Net may offer a free trial or other promotion, which are subject to these Terms and Conditions except as otherwise stated. Trial members may cancel at any time during their trial if they choose not to automatically convert to a paid subscription at the end of the trial period.
Taxes. You shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, charges or assessments imposed on you or Money.Net, and any penalties or interest thereon, relating to the provision of the Service (except for any income taxes, if any, imposed on Money.Net). All New York State residents must pay 8.875% sales tax, respectively, on subscription and exchange fees which will be collected and remitted by Money.Net to the New York State agency.
Subscriber Code of Conduct. When you register as a Subscriber, you gain access to the Services which may include the ability to participate in chat rooms, exchange messages, and share files. You may use the Service for lawful purposes only. You agree not to post, upload, e-mail, transmit, distribute, or otherwise make available through the Service any of the following: (i) any material that violates any applicable laws; (ii) any material that restricts or inhibits any other user from using the Service; (iii) any material that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, offensive, harmful, obnoxious, pornographic, profane, or indecent, or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability; (iv) any material that contains viruses or any other element or component that has a capacity or potential to interrupt, permit the unauthorized use of, or limit the functionality of any software or hardware, any telecommunications equipment, or any communications network; (v) any material that violates or infringes the rights of others; rights of privacy or publicity; rights under defamation law; or rights under securities or other applicable law; or (vi) any material that contains any other harmful or illegal component. You further agree that you will not: (i) alter, damage or delete any material appearing on Money.Net; (ii) disrupt the normal flow of communication on Money.Net; (iii) claim a relationship with or speak for any business, organization, or person for which you are not authorized to claim such a relationship; or (iv) violate any operating rule, policy or guideline of your Internet access provider or online service.
Money.Net reserves the right (but does not have any obligation) to prohibit or restrict conduct on the Money.Net websites and to edit, block, or remove any content, in whole or in part, which in our sole discretion we believe violates our Subscriber Code of Conduct, or is otherwise objectionable. If you believe that material has been posted that violates any of these prohibitions, or that should otherwise be removed, please contact support@money.net.
Recipients of BATS Market Data. By executing this Agreement, You, (known as “Subscriber” in the Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc. Subscriber Agreement) agree that: a. you have read and agree to be bound by the Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc. Subscriber Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto; b. the Data Recipient/Vendor (i) is not an agent of Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc.; (ii) is not authorized to add to or delete any terms of provisions from the Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc. Subscriber Agreement; and (iii) is not authorized to modify any provision of the Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc. Subscriber Agreement; and c. no provision has been added to or deleted from the Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc. Subscriber Agreement and that no modifications have been made to it. Both the Subscriber and the person executing on behalf of the Subscriber warrant that the Subscriber is legally able to undertake the obligations set forth in and the signatory is duly authorized to bind the Subscriber to the Bats Global Markets Holdings, Inc. Subscriber Agreement.
Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall be the date of acceptance by you of this Agreement as evidenced by your clicking the "Agree" button on Money.Net's website during the signup process, and shall continue until the end of your selected trial and subscription terms. Subsequent to the initial term, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for successive additional subscription terms unless terminated by a party hereto or effected by Subscriber cancellation.
Compliance with Laws. You represent and warrant that you are not engaged in, and agree not to engage in, any unlawful transaction or business, and/or will not use or knowingly permit anyone to use the Information and/or the Service for: i) any purpose or in any manner not authorized by this Agreement, or ii) for any unlawful purpose or in any manner not in compliance with the statutes, rules and regulations referenced in Section 5.
No Endorsement. You understand that neither Money.Net, nor any part of the Service, or any equipment utilized by Money.Net is sponsored or endorsed by any of the Information Providers. Money.Net may contain links to websites operated by parties other than Money.Net. Such links are provided for your convenience only. Money.Net does not control such websites and is not responsible for their contents. Money.Net's inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.
No Advice or Solicitation. The Information and Services are for informational purposes only and should not be used or construed as an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an endorsement, recommendation or sponsorship of any company or security by Money.Net, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents. You acknowledge and agree that neither the Information nor any of the Services is intended to supply investment or financial advice. Money.Net offers no advice regarding the nature, potential value, or suitability of any particular security, transaction, investment or investment strategy. You acknowledge and agree that the use of the Information and Services, and any decisions made in reliance upon the Information and Services, are made at your own risk.
NO WARRANTIES. Money.Net shall furnish the Service and the Information to you as promptly and accurately as is reasonably practicable, but neither Money.Net nor the Information Providers, their respective affiliates, agents and licensors warrant or guarantee the timeliness, sequence, accuracy or completeness of the Information. FURTHER, WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION AND THE SERVICE, THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE. NEITHER MONEY.NET, THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS NOR THEIR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY THEIR NEGLIGENCE OR CONTINGENCIES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL IN PROCURING, COMPILING, INTERPRETING, REPORTING OR DELIVERING ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE OR BY ANY DELAYS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION OR THE TRANSMISSION THEREOF OR IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL MONEY.NET, THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS, THEIR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE UPON SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE.
Limitation of Liability. Neither Money.Net nor the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors, shall be liable to you, or any other person, regardless of the cause (unless resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Money.Net or the Information Providers) or duration, for any errors, inaccuracies, omissions, or other defects in, or untimeliness or unauthenticity of, the Service or Information, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to you, or for any Claims or Losses (as defined below) arising therefrom or occasioned thereby. "Claims or Losses" shall be defined as any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, suits, costs, judgments, settlements, and expenses of whatever nature, including, without limitation, i) direct, indirect, punitive, special, consequential and incidental damages, and ii) administrative costs, litigation costs, and attorneys' and auditors' fees and disbursements. Neither Money.Net nor the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors shall be liable to you or to any other person for indirect, punitive, special, consequential or incidental damages (including, but not limited to, trading losses, loss of profits or anticipated profits, loss by reason of shutdown in operation or increased expenses of operation, cost of cover or other indirect loss or damage) of any nature arising from any cause whatsoever, even if Money.Net, the Information Providers, or their respective affiliates, agents or licensors have been advised of the possibility of such damages. If any or all of Money.Net, the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors are for any reason held liable to you or to any person, the liability of Money.Net, the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors and any other person claiming through, on behalf of, or as harmed by you, is limited to: i) if you continue to receive the Information, a month's credit of any monies paid to Money.Net by you for the period at issue; or ii) if you no longer receive the Information, a refund of any monies due to Money.Net from you for the period at issue.
Indemnification of Money.Net. You shall indemnify Money.Net, the Information Providers and each of their respective officers, directors, partners, employees and agents (the "Indemnified Parties") against, and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from, any and all Claims or Losses imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Indemnified Parties as a result of or relating to your non-compliance with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and your breach of any of your representations and warranties in this Agreement.
Default by Subscriber. If Money.Net determines, in its sole discretion, that i) you are not in compliance with any of the conditions, terms or provisions of this Agreement; ii) any of your representations in this Agreement are untrue; or iii) a petition or other proceeding in bankruptcy, insolvency, or for the appointment of a receiver is filed by or against you, then Money.Net shall have the immediate right, in its sole discretion, to take one or more of the following actions: x) to terminate this Agreement without notice; or y) to pursue such other remedies as it may be entitled to by virtue of or under this Agreement, or at law or in equity.
Default by Money.Net. If Money.Net has breached or is in default under this Agreement, and such breach or default continues un-remedied for fifteen (15) days after you have given written notice to Money.Net, you shall have the right to take one or more of the following actions; provided, however, that if such breach cannot be remedied by Money.Net in good faith and with due diligence within fifteen (15) days and the failure to so remedy within fifteen (15) days does not cause you to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations or to otherwise materially injure you, then Money.Net shall not be considered to be in default for so long as Money.Net commences such actions as are necessary to remedy such breach within such fifteen (15) day period and thereafter diligently pursues such actions to remedy such breach or default: i) terminate this Agreement; or ii) to pursue such other remedies, as you may be entitled to by virtue of or under this Agreement or at law or in equity.
Assignment; Third-Party Rights. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. You shall not assign this Agreement or any of your rights and obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Money.Net, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Money.Net may assign this Agreement and all of Money.Net's rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate or subsidiary or to the surviving entity in the case of a merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Money.Net, provided however, that such assignment shall not relieve Money.Net of its obligations hereunder.
Amendment. No amendment shall be binding on Money.Net unless provided in an instrument duly executed by an authorized officer of Money.Net.
Waiver; Good Faith. No failure on the part of Money.Net or you to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege, and no course of dealing with respect to any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege under this Agreement. The parties hereto shall act in good faith in the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement and shall act as promptly as is reasonably practicable under the circumstances in granting or denying any consent or approval required hereunder.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Money.Net with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations, communications, understandings and agreements with respect thereto.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be entered into, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York without reference to its conflict of laws principles
Notices. All notices, approvals, proposals, and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be delivered in writing either by personal delivery, e-mail or other similar telecommunications device, or mailed to the appropriate address as described below. Either party may change its address for service or specify a different contact person for purposes of this section by giving notice as provided hereunder. Notices to Money.Net must be sent to: Money.Net Incorporated, 175 Varick St, 5th floor, New York, NY 10014 or to billing@money.net. Notices to Subscriber will be sent to the e-mail address provided by Subscriber during Money.Net's sign-up process.
Severability. Any section, subsection or other subdivision of this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement which is, or becomes, illegal, invalid or unenforceable shall be severed here from and shall be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability and shall not affect or impair the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
Force Majeure. In addition to the provisions of Sections 17 and 18, neither you nor Money.Net shall be liable for delay or failure in performance of any of the acts required by this Agreement when such delay or failure arises from circumstances beyond the reasonable control and without the gross negligence or willful misconduct of you or Money.Net, respectively. Such causes may include, without limitation, acts of God, acts of government in its sovereign or contractual capacity, acts of public enemy, acts of civil or military authority, war, riots, civil strife, terrorism, blockades, sabotage, rationing, embargoes, epidemics, earthquakes, fire, flood, quarantine restrictions, power shortages or failures, utility or communication failure or delays, labor disputes, strikes, or shortages, supply shortages, equipment failures, or software malfunctions. The time for performance of any act delayed by such events may be postponed for a period equal to the period of the delay.
Survival. The provisions of Sections 2, 3, 6, 7, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, and 28 shall survive the completion of performance or any termination of this Agreement.
Change of Agreement Terms by Money.Net. Money.Net reserves the right to change the terms of this Agreement, including the associated Subscriber fees, without notice to you.
Agreement Effective Date. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date of acceptance by you of this Agreement as evidence by you clicking the "Agree" button on the website, or the date you actually use the Service, whichever occurs first.
Username:
E-mail:
Need an account?
Start A 14 Day Free Trial
Password:
Password
Forgot your password?
×
×
Money.net, Inc. Subscription Agreement
Money.net, Inc. and/or its affiliates ("Money.net") provides a service that makes available for transmission to and reception by subscribers certain market information, sometimes referred to as "Real-Time Streaming Quotes" (the "Service").
Your use of and access to the Service and the information made available through the Service are subject to your compliance with all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Subscription Agreement (the "Agreement").
Definitions
As used in this Agreement, the terms below are defined as follows:
"Business Day": Any day other than: Saturday, Sunday, Good Friday, or a day which is appointed an official holiday in Canada, the Province of Quebec or in the United States.
"Claims" or "Losses:" Any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, suits, costs, judgments, settlements, and expenses of whatever nature, including, without limitation, i) direct, indirect, punitive, special, consequential and incidental damages, and ii) administrative costs, litigation costs, and attorneys' and auditors' fees and disbursements.
"Delayed Data": Market data that has been delayed for the delay period specified by the data's source prior to its release:
i)	at least 15 minutes; or
ii)	at least 20 minutes, restricted to fields which do not contain Information related to bid and offered prices, or index data which originates at the exchange, in the cases of Information originating at the New York Stock Exchange and the American Stock Exchange; or
iii)	at least 20 minutes in cases of Information originating from the Dow Jones indexes. Delayed Data shall be subject to current and future restrictions specified by the originating exchange to satisfy per-exchange requirements for the distribution of delayed and/or non-proprietary data, and in all cases, clearly indicated as being delayed.
"Indemnified Parties":Money.net, the Information Providers and each of their respective officers, directors, partners, employees and agents.
"Information": All information made available through the Service.
"Information Provider": Source from which Money.net receives the Information made available through the Service including, but not limited to, any source of information for the Information Provider(s) which provide(s) the Information to Money.net.
"Interrogation Device": Any device or equipment including, without limitation, any one computer, data processing equipment, communications equipment, terminal, cathode ray tube or monitor, which receives the Service from Money.net, and which at any time during any month displays, transmits or communicates the Information to any individual in visual, audible, or other comprehensible form.
"Person"/references: Throughout this Agreement, the term "person" refers to any natural person, proprietorship, corporation, partnership, or other entity whatsoever; the singular refers to the plural and the plural refers to the singular, as appropriate.
"Real-Time Data": Market data provided as released by each Information Provider, with no built in delay.
"Subscriber", you or your: Each person who signs for the Service.
"System": The computerized securities information system operated by Money.net which collects, processes and disseminates the Information.
Term of Service
System Interface. You shall be responsible for obtaining the requisite (a) common carrier communication lines and internet connection(s) and (b) interface with the System.
Configuration. You understand and agree that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute an undertaking by Money.net to continue to disseminate the Information in the present content description, form or configuration. Money.net, in its sole discretion and without your consent, may from time to time, make modifications to the Information, the Service and the System, irrespective of whether such modifications would require changes to be made by you to the Interrogation Devices, or other equipment, or would render the Interrogation Device or such equipment inoperative with respect to the Information. You shall bear all risks of failing to make concurrent modifications to your Interrogation Devices or other equipment and you acknowledge and agree that neither Money.net nor the Information Providers shall be responsible if such changes sever or affect your access to or use of the Service in any way.
Ownership of Software. Software included as part of the Service contains software proprietary to Money.net and/or to third parties ("Third Party Suppliers") and licensed to Money.net ("Money.net Software"). Money.net and Third Party Suppliers retain title and ownership to the Money.net Software recorded on the media and all copyright and other intellectual property rights therein. Your receipt of the Service does not constitute a sale of the Money.net Software or any copy. As licensee, you own the media on which the Money.net Software is originally or subsequently recorded, but none of the content placed thereon. You agree not to alter, decompile, or disassemble the Money.net Software.
Proprietary Rights; Corporate Names. You understand and agree that Money.net and the Information Providers have proprietary rights in certain trade marks, service marks, trade names, corporate names and in the Information that originates on or derives from markets regulated or operated by the Information Providers and in the compilation of Information gathered from other sources (the "Intellectual Property"). You agree not to use such Intellectual Property in any way which would infringe the rights of Money.net and the Information Providers. You agree not to alter, remove, or obscure any copyright notices or other proprietary notices on and in any part of the Service and to include on and in any copies of the Money.net Software provided as part of the Service the same proprietary notices and other legends contained on and in the Money.net Software as furnished by Money.net.
Third Party Beneficiary. You agree that the Information Providers have the right to enforce the terms of this Agreement and are specifically intended to be third party beneficiaries hereof.
Authorized Use of Information. You are authorized to receive and use the Information solely in accordance with this Agreement. Any other use of the Information by you, including, but not limited to, retransmission or reprocessing, in whole or in part, is prohibited and you agree not to transmit, divulge, or publish any part of the contents or substance or in any way provide the Information, or any part thereof, to any other person. You acknowledge and agree that as a condition of its continued receipt of market information originating from Money.net, its suppliers or any of their affiliates or agents, you shall not create, sponsor or permit the trading on its exchange facilities, if any, of financial instruments or investment products (including, without limitation, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, exchange-traded funds or derivatives based on exchange-traded funds (e.g., options on ETFs or futures on ETFs)) where the price, return and/or performance of such instrument or product is based on, related to, or intended to track, any index published by any of Money.net's suppliers or financial instrument or investment product (e.g., an exchange-traded fund) linked to an index published by any Money.net supplier, without a separate written agreement with the applicable Money.net supplier for such purpose.
Subscription Fees. The subscription fees are set forth on the website for Real-Time Streaming Quotes and may be amended at Money.net's sole discretion from time to time without notice and are payable monthly or annualy in advance by credit card. Subscription fees which remain unpaid thirty (30) days after their due date shall bear interest at the rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum or the maximum interest permitted by law, whichever is lesser, until paid.
A portion of your subscription fees may include an Exchange fee that is paid to the securities exchanges by Money.net on a monthly basis. This Exchange fee is non-refundable.
Trials: If a trial period is offered, subscriptions are billed upon completion of the trial offer. You must cancel before your trial period has expired in order to prevent automatic and recurring billing of your subscription. If no trial period is offered, you will be billed upon signup and automatically until you cancel. There is a limit of one (1) trial offer per customer.
Monthly Subscribers: You agree to provide to Money.net the right to debit your credit card monthly in advance for all Service provided to you. You may cancel at any time, but you are subject to a 30 day cancellation policy if you cancel after your trial period has expired.
Annual Subscribers: You agree to provide to Money.net the right to debit your credit card annually in advance for all Service provided to you. Cancellations must be made before your current annual period expires in order to prevent automatic and recurring billing of your subscription. No refunds are permitted for annual subscriptions.
Taxes. You shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, charges or assessments imposed on you or Money.net, and any penalties or interest thereon, relating to the provision of the Service (except for any income taxes, if any, imposed on Money.net).
All New York State residents must pay 8.875% sales tax on subscription and exchange fees.
Information from Subscribers. All information provided to you pursuant to this Agreement is being provided at the request of you and the Information Providers. Money.net shall request in writing any additional information from you required by any Information Providers or their auditors. Failure to promptly provide the requested information shall result in termination of access to the Service until such time as the request is complied with.
Representations by Non-Professional Subscriber. You represent and warrant that you: i) are an individual neither (A) acting as a broker or dealer in the purchase or sale of negotiable financial instruments for third parties and registered or qualified in any capacity under any U.S. federal or state or Canadian or provincial securities or commodities trading law, rule or regulation, or the rules or regulations of any securities or commodities exchange, market or association; (B) engaged as an "investment advisor" or "investment banker" as defined in the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 of the United States (whether or not registered or qualified under that Act); nor (C) employed by a bank or other organization exempt from registration under federal, state or provincial securities laws to perform functions that would require registration or qualification if such functions were performed for an organization not so exempt; ii) shall use the Information solely in connection with your own individual personal investment activities and not in connection with any trade or business activities; iii) are over eighteen (18) years of age and your principal place of residence is in the United States or Canada; and iv) are a party to this Agreement in your own capacity and not on behalf of a firm, corporation, partnership, trust or association.
Compliance with Laws. You represent and warrant that you are not engaged in, and agree not to engage in, any unlawful transaction or business, and/or will not use or knowingly permit anyone to use the Information and/or the Service for: i) any purpose or in any manner not authorized by this Agreement, or ii) for any unlawful purpose or in any manner not in compliance with the statutes, rules and regulations referenced in Section 10.
No Endorsement. You understand that neither Money.net, nor any part of the Service, or any equipment utilized by Money.net is sponsored or endorsed by any of the Information Providers.
NO WARRANTIES. Money.net shall furnish the Service and the Information to you as promptly and accurately as is reasonably practicable, but neither Money.net nor the Information Providers, their respective affiliates, agents and licensors warrant or guarantee the timeliness, sequence, accuracy or completeness of the Information. FURTHER, WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION AND THE SERVICE, THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE. NEITHER Money.net, THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS NOR THEIR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY THEIR NEGLIGENCE OR CONTINGENCIES BEYOND THEIR CONTROL IN PROCURING, COMPILING, INTERPRETING, REPORTING OR DELIVERING ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE OR BY ANY DELAYS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION OR THE TRANSMISSION THEREOF OR IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL Money.net, THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS, THEIR THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION PROVIDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE UPON SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE.
Limitation of Liability. Neither Money.net nor the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors, shall be liable to you , or any other person, regardless of the cause (unless resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Money.net or the Information Providers) or duration, for any errors, inaccuracies, omissions, or other defects in, or untimeliness or unauthenticity of, the Service or Information, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to you, or for any Claims or Losses arising therefrom or occasioned thereby. Neither Money.net nor the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors shall be liable to you or to any other person for indirect, punitive, special, consequential or incidental damages (including, but not limited to, trading losses, loss of profits or anticipated profits, loss by reason of shutdown in operation or increased expenses of operation, cost of cover or other indirect loss or damage) of any nature arising from any cause whatsoever, even if Money.net, the Information Providers, or their respective affiliates, agents or licensors have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
If any or all of Money.net, the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors are for any reason held liable to you or to any person, the liability of any or all of Money.net, the Information Providers and their respective affiliates, agents or licensors and any other person claiming through, on behalf of, or as harmed by you, is limited to: i) if you continue to receive the Information, a month's credit of any monies paid to Money.net by you for the period at issue; or ii) if you no longer receive the Information, a refund of any monies due to Money.net from you for the period at issue.
Indemnification of Money.net. You shall indemnify the Indemnified Parties against, and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from, any and all Claims or Losses imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Indemnified Parties as a result of or relating to your non-compliance with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and your breach of any of your representations and warranties in this Agreement.
Default by Subscriber. If Money.net determines, in its sole discretion, that i) you are not in compliance with any of the conditions, terms or provisions of this Agreement; ii) any of your representations in this Agreement are untrue; or iii) a petition or other proceeding in bankruptcy, insolvency, or for the appointment of a receiver is filed by or against you, then Money.net shall have the immediate right, in its sole discretion, to take one or more of the following actions: x) to terminate this Agreement without notice; or y) to pursue such other remedies as it may be entitled to by virtue of or under this Agreement, or at law or in equity.
Default by Money.net. If Money.net has breached or is in default under this Agreement, and such breach or default continues unremedied for fifteen (15) days after you have given written notice to Money.net, you shall have the right to take one or more of the following actions; provided, however, that if such breach cannot be remedied by Money.net in good faith and with due diligence within fifteen (15) days and the failure to so remedy within fifteen (15) days does not cause you to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations or to otherwise materially injure you, then Money.net shall not be considered to be in default for so long as Money.net commences such actions as are necessary to remedy such breach within such fifteen (15) day period and thereafter diligently pursues such actions to remedy such breach or default: i) terminate this Agreement; or ii) to pursue such other remedies, as you may be entitled to by virtue of or under this Agreement or at law or in equity.
Term. The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the date specified in Section 30 (the "Commencement Date") and shall continue until the end of the current calendar month if the subscription is effectuated before the 15th day of the month and the applicable monthly fees will be prorated accordingly. If the subscription is effectuated on or after the 15th day of the month, then the initial term shall begin on the Commencement Date and will continue until the end of the calendar month following the month of the Commencement Date, and the applicable monthly fees will be prorated accordingly. Subsequent to the initial term, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for successive additional periods of one (1) month unless terminated by written notice by a party hereto. Notice must be received by Money.net by the twentieth (20th) day of any month for termination to be effective on the last day of such month.
No Use of Information After Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, you shall immediately cease any and all use of the Information.
Assignment; Third-Party Rights. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns. You shall not assign this Agreement or any of your rights and obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Money.net, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Money.net may assign this Agreement and all of Money.net's rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate or subsidiary or to the surviving entity in the case of a merger or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Money.net, provided however, that such assignment shall not relieve Money.net of its obligations hereunder.
Amendment. No amendment shall be binding on Money.net unless provided in an instrument duly executed by an authorized officer of Money.net.
Waiver; Good Faith. No failure on the part of Money.net or you to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, power or priviledge, and no course of dealing with respect to any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege under this Agreement. The parties hereto shall act in good faith in the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement and shall act as promptly as is reasonably practicable under the circumstances in granting or denying any consent or approval required hereunder.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Money.net with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations, communications, understandings and agreements with respect thereto.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be entered into, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York without reference to its conflict of laws principles.
Notices. All notices, approvals, proposals and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered either by personal delivery, telex, facsimile, e-mail or other similar telecommunications device, or mailed to the appropriate contact persons as described below. Any notice, consent or other communication delivered hereunder shall be deemed to have been delivered and received, if sent by telex, facsimile, email or other similar telecommunications device on the Business Day next following receipt of such transmission or, if personally delivered or delivered by mail, to have been delivered and received on the date of such delivery, provided however, that if such date is not a Business Day, then it shall be deemed to have been delivered and received on the Business Day next following the date of such delivery. Either party may change its address for service or specify a different contact person for purposes of this Section 25 by giving notice as provided hereunder. Notices to Money.net must be sent to: Money.net Inc., 30 E. 23rd Street, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10010; with a fascimile copy to 212-253-9191, Attn: Legal Department. Notices to Subscriber must be sent to: The Subscriber e-mail address as provided by Subscriber during the online subscription process.
Severability. Any Section, Subsection or other subdivision of this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement which is, or becomes, illegal, invalid or unenforceable shall be severed here from and shall be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability and shall not affect or impair the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
Force Majeure. In addition to the provisions of Sections 13 and 14, neither you nor Money.net shall be liable for delay or failure in performance of any of the acts required by this Agreement when such delay or failure arises from circumstances beyond the reasonable control and without the gross negligence or willful misconduct of you or Money.net, respectively. Such causes may include, without limitation, acts of God, acts of government in its sovereign or contractual capacity, acts of public enemy, acts of civil or military authority, war, riots, civil strife, terrorism, blockades, sabotage, rationing, embargoes, epidemics, earthquakes, fire, flood, quarantine restrictions, power shortages or failures, utility or communication failure or delays, labor disputes, strikes, or shortages, supply shortages, equipment failures, or software malfunctions. The time for performance of any act delayed by such events may be postponed for a period equal to the period of the delay. This Section 27 shall not apply to the payment of money and shall not toll the accrual of interest.
Survival. The provisions of Sections 3, 4, 7, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 24, 27 and 28 shall survive the completion of performance or any termination of this Agreement.
Change of Agreement Terms by Money.net. Money.net reserves the right to change the terms of this Agreement, including the associated Service fees, without notice to you and such notice shall become effective as described in Section 25 above.
Agreement Effective Date. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date of acceptance by you of this Agreement as evidence by you clicking the "Continue" button herein, or the date you actually use the Service, whichever occurs first. Payment shall be accepted by credit card only.
Close