https://www.redwingshoes.com/legal/do-not-sell-my-personal-information.html
Skip to main content
Skip to footer content
Due to a system outage, we are not currently accepting orders through our website.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Home
Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Policies
Work Warranty
Heritage Warranty
Privacy
Terms of Use
CA Disclosure
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Policy
Work Warranty
Heritage Warranty
Privacy
Terms of Use
CA Disclosure
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Red Wing Brands of America, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Red Wing” or “we”) respect your
privacy and are committed to protecting your privacy through compliance with our Privacy Policy and applicable law.
HOW DO I ACCESS, CORRECT, OBTAIN COPIES OF, OR DELETE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You may access specific information, correct your information, obtain copies of your
information, and request we delete your information by:
Calling us at 1-800-261-0326
Emailing us at dataprivacy@redwingshoes.com.
Please describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and
respond to your request.
To allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or that
person’s authorized representative, we may request that you provide:
For non-sensitive information with a low risk of harm: At least two data points matching information we
hold.
For sensitive information with a high risk of harm: At least three pieces of Personal Information
matching Personal Information we hold.
A signed declaration under penalty of perjury from you stating that you are the consumer whose Personal
Information is the subject of the request.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or obtain copies of your Personal Information
twice within a 12-month period.
HOW DO I OPT OUT OF THE SALE OF MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You may exercise the opt-out rights described in our Privacy Policy as follows:
Calling us at 1-800-261-0326
Emailing us at dataprivacy@redwingshoes.com.
The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we
collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include:
For non-sensitive information with a low risk of harm: Matching at least two data points you
provide with information we hold.
For sensitive information with a high risk of harm: Matching at least three pieces of
personal information you provide with information we hold.
A signed declaration under penalty of perjury from you stating that you are the consumer
whose Personal Information is the subject of the request.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
respond to it.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, the ways in which Red Wing
collects and uses your information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to
exercise your rights under any applicable law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1-800-261-0326
Email: dataprivacy@redwingshoes.com
Postal Address:Red Wing Brands of America, Inc.
Attn: DATA PRIVACY DEPARTMENT
314 Main Street, Red Wing, MN 55066