https://www.gigahertz-optik.de/en-us/footer-2/privacy-policy/
Contact
Events
Toggle navigation
Measurement of
Light – Measurement with
Light
Customer login
English Language
Deutsch
English
Knowledge Base
Product
Article number
Product
Tag
Free text
Products
Product Categories
Light meters, Detectors, UV-VIS-NIR Radiometers
Spectral light meters, UV-VIS-NIR spectroradiometers
Spectrophotometers, Laboratory and Analysis Systems
Integrating spheres
Uniform light sources, luminance standards
Reflectance materials and coatings
Calibration standards & Calibration Services
Opto-Mechanics, Electronics, Software, Accessories
By Measurands
All products
Applications
Applications
LED manufacturing and assembling
General and special lighting
Light hazard
Solar radiation
UV radiation
Laser radiation measurements
Photomedicine
Image sensor
Optical material properties
Support
About us
Portfolio
Certificates
Calibration Laboratory
Suppliers declaration
Environmental Management
News
Career
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Startpage
Footer
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy statement for Gigahertz Optik GmbHWe take data protection seriouslyThe protection of your privacy when processing personal data is a matter of great importance to us. When you visit our website, our web servers automatically save the IP address of your Internet service provider, the website from which you are visiting us, and the date and length of your visit. This information is essential for the technical transmission of the website and for secure server operations. A personalised evaluation of this data does not take place.If you send data to us via our contact form, this information will be stored on our servers for the purpose of data backup. Your data will only be used to process your request. Your data will be treated in strict confidence. This data will not be shared with third parties. Responsible authority:Gigahertz Optik GmbH An der Kaelberweide 12 D – 82299 TuerkenfeldTelefon: +49 (0) 8193 93700 - 0Fax: +49 (0) 8193 93700 - 50 Email: info(at)gigahertz-optik.de Personal dataPersonal data is any information about you. This includes your name, your postal address, and your email address. The disclosure of any personal data is not a prerequisite for visiting our website. In certain cases, we will need your name, address, and other information in order to be able to provide you with the requested services. The same applies in the event that we supply you with information material upon request and/or respond to your enquiries. In these cases, we will always draw your attention to this fact. Furthermore, we will only retain information that you have provided to us automatically or voluntarily.As a general rule, if you use any of our services, we will only collect information that is required for the provision of our service to you. We may ask you for additional information that may be disclosed on a voluntary basis. Whenever we process personal data, we will do so to be able to offer you our services or to pursue our business objectives. Automatically stored data Server log files The provider of the web pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These include:
the date and time of the request;
the name of the requested file;
the site from which the file was requested;
the access status (file transferred, file not found, etc.);
the web browser used and operating system used;
the full IP address of the requesting computer;
the volume of data transmitted.
This data shall not be combined with other sources of data. Data is processed in accordance with Art. 6 Par. 1 letter f of the GDPR based on our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website.   This data is stored by us temporarily for reasons of technical security, in particular to combat attempted attacks on our web server. Conclusions about individual persons cannot be drawn using this data. Data shall be anonymised by truncating the IP address at the domain level after seven days at the latest so that it is no longer possible to establish a link to individual users. The data shall also be processed for statistical purposes in anonymised form; there shall be no comparison with other data sets, nor shall it be shared with third parties, even in excerpts. Only in the context of our server statistics, which we publish in our activity report every two years, do you get an illustration of the number of site visits. CookiesWhen you visit our web pages, we may store information on your computer in the form of cookies. Cookies are small files that are sent from an Internet server to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard disk drive. Only your Internet Protocol address will be stored here – not any personal data. The information stored in the cookies ensures that you are automatically recognised the next time you visit our website, making your visit a more user-friendly experience. The legal basis for using cookies is the legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 Par. 1 letter f of the GDPR. Of course, you can also visit our web pages without accepting cookies. If you would prefer your computer not to be recognised the next time you pay a visit, you can also block the use of cookies by changing the settings in your browser to “Reject Cookies”. Please refer to the user guide of your browser for detailed instructions. However, if you object to the use of cookies, you may not be able to use all of the functions available on our website.  Google analytics with anonymisation function Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google”. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place, and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the USA and stored there. In using Google Analytics, our website employs the extension, “_gat._anonymizeIp”. Hereby, Google abbreviates and anonymises your IP address before transferring it from Member States of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Google uses this information to analyse your use of our site, to compile reports for us on Internet activity, and to provide other services relating to website and Internet use. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process this data on Google’s behalf.
Google states that it will never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly; you should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. Furthermore, Google offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what particular data Google can collect on the websites that you access. The add-on tells the JavaScript (ga.js) used by Google Analytics not to transmit any information about website visits to Google Analytics. However, the browser deactivation add-on offered by Google Analytics does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analysis services we may use. You can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. If you have granted Google your consent to the linking of your web and app browser history to your Google account and the use of information from your Google account for the personalisation of advertisements, Google will use your data in combination with Google Analytics data in order to generate target group lists for cross-device remarketing. For this purpose, Google Analytics will initially capture your Google-authenticated ID on our website, which is linked to your Google account (including personal data). Subsequently, Google Analytics will temporarily link your ID to your Google Analytics data in order to optimise our target groups.If you do not agree, you may disable this function by making corresponding settings in the “My account” section of your Google account. Google ad services / Google AdWords conversion trackingThis website uses tools for “online marketing” from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. This is used to identify that a visitor has landed on our website via a Google ad. Google uses cookies that are stored on your computer and make it possible to analyse website use. The cookies for so-called “conversion tracking” are set if you click an ad placed by Google. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. You can prevent “conversion tracking” by configuring your browser to block cookies from the domain “googleadservices.com”. You can also exercise your right to opt-out.If you want to learn more about these methods or want to know what options are available to you to prevent Google from using this information, please click here: https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated Google reCAPTCHAWe use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. (Google) to protect online forms submitted by you. The request is used to distinguish whether information is entered by a human or fraudulently by automated software. A request is sent to Google containing your IP address plus any other data required by the reCAPTCHA service. Your input is communicated to Google for this purpose and for further use. By using reCAPTCHA, you give your consent for your text recognition entry to be used by Google for the digitisation of old books, etc. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated beforehand by Google within Member States of the European Union or in the countries and territories of other signatories of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of reCaptcha is not associated with any other data held by Google. Google’s own data protection provisions apply to this data. More information on Google’s data privacy policies is available at: https://www.google.com/intl/gb/policies/privacy/. Google web fontsFor the standardised display of fonts, this website uses so-called web fonts that are provided by Google. When you access a web page, your browser loads the necessary web fonts to your browser cache in order to correctly display texts and fonts. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer.For more information on Google Web Fonts, please refer to https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and Google’s data privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Matomo (formerly PIWIK) (web analysis service)We use the web analysis service Matomo on our website. Matomo uses cookies for this analysis. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place, and frequency of your site visits, including your IP address, is transmitted to our PIWIK server and stored there. Your IP address is immediately anonymised during this process so that you as a user remain anonymous to us. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is not passed on to third parties. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly; you should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.  Google mapsThis website uses Google Maps to display standard maps and to create route maps. Google Maps is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.By using Google Maps on this website, you agree to the capture, processing, and use of data – automatically collected and/or entered by you – by Google, its representatives, or third-party providers.The terms of service for Google Maps are available here.The privacy policy of Google Maps is available here.  SecurityWe have taken technological and administrative security measures to protect your personal data against loss, destruction, manipulation, and unauthorised access. All of our employees and service providers working for us are obligated to comply with the applicable data protection laws. Whenever we collect and process personal data, it will be encrypted prior to its transfer. This means that your data cannot be misused by third parties. Our security measures are subject to continuous improvement and our privacy policy is revised on an ongoing basis. Please ensure that you have the latest version available. SSL encryptionTo protect the security of your data when transmitting it, we use the latest encryption methods according to the HTTPS standard (e.g. SSL). Rights of data subjectYou have the right to information, rectification, erasure, or restriction of the processing of your stored data, the right to object to the processing of your data, the right to data portability, and the right of complaint in accordance with the provisions of Data Protection Law, at any time. Right of access:You may demand confirmation from us as to whether and to what extent we process your data. Right to rectification:If we process your personal data, and if it is incomplete or incorrect, you may demand, at any time, that we correct or supplement it. Right to erasure:You may demand that we delete your personal data if we process it illegally or if such processing disproportionately interferes with your justified interest of protection. Please note that there may be reasons that prevent an immediate deletion, e.g. statutory retention obligations.Irrespective of your right to erasure, we will delete your data immediately and completely unless such action is prevented by an applicable contractual or legal retention requirement. Right to restriction of processing:You may demand that we limit the processing of your data if-             you dispute the accuracy of the data, that is for such a period of time that we can verify its correctness;-             processing the data is illegal, but you are opposed to its deletion and demand limitation of its use instead;-             we no longer need the data for the intended purpose, but you still need it to assert or defend any claims; or-             you have filed an objection against the processing of the data. Right to data portability:You have the right to receive the data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and have the right to transmit this data to another responsible party without hindrance from us, provided that:-             we process this data on the basis of a revocable declaration of consent provided by you or to perform a contract concluded between us; and-             the processing is carried out by automated means.If technically feasible, you have the right to have your data transmitted directly to another responsible party by us. Right to object:If we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you have the right to object to this processing at any time; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. We shall then no longer process your data unless we can demonstrate compelling, legitimate grounds for its processing, which override your interests, rights, and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims. You have the right to object to the processing of your data for direct marketing purposes at any time, without stating a reason.  Right of complaint:If you believe that we are processing your data in violation of German or European data protection law, please contact us to clear up any questions. You are of course entitled to file a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible, i.e. the respective State Data Protection Authority.If you want to assert any of the above-mentioned rights vis-à-vis our company, please contact our Data Protection Officer. In cases of doubt, we may request additional information to confirm your identity. Withdrawal of consent Please send an email to info(at)gigahertz-optik.de with the subject “Withdrawal”. Changes to this data privacy statementWe reserve the right to change our data privacy statement if this is required owing to new technologies. Please ensure that you have the latest version. If we make fundamental changes to this data privacy statement, we will make this known on our website. All interested parties and visitors to our website can contact us in matters of data privacy at: Gigahertz-Optik GmbHMichael RauschertAn der Kaelberweide 1282299 Tuerkenfeld, Germanyedv(at)gigahertz-optik.de
Contact
Gigahertz-Optik Inc.
Tel. +1-978-462-1818
Fax +1-978-462-3677
info-us@gigahertz-optik.com
Knowledge Base
News
News
Events
© Gigahertz-Optik 2020
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Index (A-Z)
Contact
Gigahertz-Optik Inc.
Tel. +1-978-462-1818
Fax +1-978-462-3677
info-us@gigahertz-optik.com
Name *
E-Mail *
Message *
I have read the privacy policy. I agree to my data being stored electronically so that my questions can be answered. Note: You can cancel your consent at any time in the future.
Spam protection
News
Events
Disinfection against coronavirus
MSC15-Bili Blue light phototherapy irradiance meter for all lamp types
UVC Radiometer for Germicidal UV Sources including 222nm Excimer Lamps
lightfair
May
3 –
7, 2020, Las Vegas, USA
Wishlist