https://www.asset-control.com/privacy-policy/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content
Terms & conditions of use
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this site.
Alveo > Privacy Policy > Terms & Conditions
About out Terms
These terms and conditions, together with our Privacy Policy  explain how you may use our website
www.alveotech.com. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing or registering to use our site.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the site.
By accessing or using the site, you indicate that you accept these terms and conditions and that you agree to be bound by them.
If you do not agree with or accept any of these terms, you should stop using our site immediately.
If you have any questions about the site or would like to contact us, please contact us by:
Email:   info@alveotech.com
Telephone: +31 (0) 88 678 7900 or +44 (0) 20 77430320.
We may change these terms and conditions or our Privacy Policy at any time by updating these pages.
Information About Us
The site is operated by Alveo International B.V. and the Alveo Group companies (“Alveo” or “we”).
Alveo Group companies include Alveo International B.V., Alveo Systems Inc., Alveo Technology Limited, Alveo Singapore PTE Ltd,  and Alveo do Brasil.
Alveo International B.V. is a company registered in the Netherlands under registration number 58427260.  The registered address is at Trambaan 1-K, 8441 BH Heerenveen, the Netherlands.   Our VAT number is NL008916202B01
Information about you and visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Changes to the site and information available about the Site
We may update our site from time to time, and may change content at any time.
While we try to make sure that the site is accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, we cannot promise that it will be. Furthermore, we cannot promise that the site will be fit or suitable for any purpose. Any reliance that you may place on the information on this site is at your own risk.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
We may suspend or terminate operation of the site at any time as we see fit.
Content is provided for your general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our products and news, features, services and other websites that may be of interest. It does not constitute technical, financial or legal advice or any other type of advice and should not be relied on for any purposes.
While we try to make sure that the site is available for your use, we do not promise that the Site is available at all times nor do we promise the uninterrupted use by you of the site.
Your Use of this Site
The site is for your non-commercial use only.   You agree that you are solely responsible for all costs and expenses you may incur in relation to your use of the site.
We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period, including for example, incompatibility with all or any of the hardware and software that you may use.
You may print or download materials from this site provided that:
No materials are modified in any way;
No graphics, photos or video are used separately from the accompanying text;
Our copyright and trade mark notices appear in all copies and you acknowledge this website as the source of the material; and
The person to whom you providing these materials is made aware of these restrictions.
Intellectual Property Rights
This site and all intellectual property rights in it including but not limited to any content is owned by Alveo International B.V,  members of the Alveo Group companies, or both (as applicable).
Intellectual property rights means rights such as: copyright, trade marks, domain names, design rights, database rights, patents and all other intellectual property rights of any kind whether or not they are registered or unregistered (anywhere in the world). We and our licensors reserve all of our and their rights in any intellectual property in connection with these terms and conditions.   This means, for example, that we and they remain owners of them and free to use them as we and they see fit.
Nothing in these terms grants you any legal rights in the site other than as necessary to enable you to access the site. You agree not to adjust to try to circumvent or delete any notices contained on the site (including any intellectual property notices) and in particular in any digital rights or other security technology embedded or contained within the site.
Hyperlinks and third party sites
The site may contain hyperlinks or references to third party websites other than the site. Any such hyperlinks or references are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over third party websites and accept no legal responsibility for any content, material or information contained in them. The display of any hyperlink and reference to any third party website does not mean that we endorse that third party’s website, products or services. Your use of a third party site may be governed by the terms and conditions of that third party site.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsements by us to the websites.  We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Limitation on our Liability
Nothing in these terms will operate so as to exclude or limit our liability for fraud, death or personal injury arising out of negligence or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representation or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with use of, or inability to use our site; or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular we will not be liable for any types of loss or damage arising from use of our site: any loss of profits, business, contracts, customers, anticipated savings, goodwill, revenue or similar financial losses, any wasted expenditure, or any loss, damage or corruption of data (regardless of whether any of these types of loss or damage are direct, indirect or consequential); or any indirect or consequential losses or damage.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
Applicable Law
The formation, existence and construction of these terms and conditions on any part of its subject matter shall be governed by the law of the Netherlands.  The courts of the Netherlands will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these terms and conditions of use of the site.
Effective date of Policy: January 2016
Last updated: May 2018
Alveo International B.V.
Registered Address: Trambaan 1-K, 8441 BH Heerenveen, the Netherlands
Registered in The Netherlands: 58427260.
VAT No: NL008916202B01
Get in touch
Contact us for an introductory call or demonstration to see how we can help you address your data management challenges, call us on
Americas: +1 212 445 1076
EMEA: +44 20 7743 0320
APAC: +65 6291 4856
Contact us