http://www.marquismotorhomes.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Special Offers
Find a Dealers
Watch our videos
Download brochures
Back to Top
Cookies:
X
We use cookies to help personalise and improve your web experience.
By using our website you consent to our use of cookies, some of which may have already been set on your device.
View our Cookie Policy to learn more.
You are here
: Home
: Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. By using this website you accept these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to accept these terms and conditions in full, please exit this website.
About these terms and conditions
Your use of this website creates a legally binding agreement between Auto-Sleepers Group Ltd t/a Marquis Motorhomes a registered company established in England and Wales (company number 3978237), whose registered office is Orchard Works, Willersey, Nr Broadway, Worcestershire, WR12 7QF ("us", "we", "our") and you, the user of this website at URL: www.marquismotorhomes.co.uk or any replacement or successor URL ("our website").
Your use of our website may be subject to restrictions imposed by law. You must comply with these laws as it is not possible for us to comply with them on your behalf.
We may change these terms and conditions at any time by publishing a new version on our website. Your use of our website will from that point on be governed by such new version. If you do not wish to accept any new version of our terms and conditions then you should not continue to use our website. If you continue to use our website after the date on which the new version of our terms and conditions come into effect then your continued use of our website shall indicate your agreement to be bound by the new terms and conditions.
Use of our website by you
We license you to use our website provided that:
you have read, and you understand and accept these terms and conditions, including our Privacy & Cookie Policy, which forms part of them;
you are over 18 years old; and
you use our website only in accordance with these terms and conditions.
Our website is designed to enable you to submit requests to us. When you access our website, you are agreeing that your use of our request forms will be in accordance with these terms and conditions. We may choose to reject your submission of any such completed form and may deny you access to our request forms for any reason.
Your licence to use our website extends only to your temporary downloading of material on our website to a personal computer operated by you and to your printing out one copy of such material for your own non-commercial, personal use.
Unless you have first obtained our written consent, you are not permitted:
to alter any material downloaded from our website;
to incorporate any material downloaded from our website into any other work or publication in any form;
to reproduce (except as specified above), transmit or distribute material downloaded from our website to others by any means;
to create and/or publish a link to any part of our website without our prior written consent; or
to download, use or copy all or any part of our website for any commercial purpose.
You must not use, or permit the use by any other person of our website: in any way which is defamatory, offensive, abusive, indecent, obscene or menacing; in any way which violates or infringes the rights of any person or organisation (including but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of confidentiality and rights of privacy); in any way which is illegal or unlawful; to introduce a virus, trojan horse, worm or other disruptive program or item whatsoever; in any way which may cause our website or its functionality to be impaired or interrupted in any manner; to attempt any unauthorised access to any part or component of our website; or in any way which is not authorised by us or which is in breach of these terms and conditions.
We may terminate your licence to use our website or any part of it at any time for any reason but any such termination shall not affect any rights which have accrued to either you or us prior to such termination.
We may alter or withdraw our website or any part of it without notice at any time for any reason without incurring any liability to you or to any third party.
Content of our website
Our website does not constitute an offer by us to sell the products or provide the services described within it.
Whilst we do try to keep the information provided on our website accurate and up to date, we reserve the right to alter specifications and prices at any time and, as set out below, we do not accept liability for any errors or omissions.
You agree that:
some products and services may only be available for purchase in selected geographical areas and during limited periods of time (as the products and services described on this website are intended for the United Kingdom;
some descriptions of products and services contained in our website include optional equipment, accessories and/or enhancements which may not be fitted or available as standard;
any colour appearing on our website is not necessarily an accurate reproduction of the colour it purports to represent;
You agree that all intellectual property rights (including, without limitation, copyright, database rights, registered and unregistered trade marks and service marks, registered and unregistered design rights, and the right to apply for any of the foregoing) in and to our website and its contents are vested in us or in our subsidiary companies or in our respective licensors.
Privacy & Cookie policy and data protection
Before submitting any personal information to us via this website, you must read our
Privacy & Cookie Policy.
Links and other websites
All links from our website to the websites of third parties have been provided for your convenience only. All websites accessible by means of such links are separate and distinct from our website and we do not accept any liability in respect of the use of any of them. Your use of such linked websites may be subject to terms and conditions displayed on such websites or to other terms and conditions. We have no control over the contents of such linked websites and we therefore accept no liability in respect of such contents. We do not in any way endorse any website which may be linked to our website, the provider of any such linked website or any products or services of any third party.
Liability and warranties
Access to our website is provided free of charge and therefore:
We accept no liability for any use whatsoever of our website other than as set out in these terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions form the entire agreement between us and you in respect of your permission to use our website. We are not liable for any statement or representation that we make to you, even if you rely on it, unless we made the statement or representation fraudulently. In all other circumstances, and to the extent permitted by law, we exclude our liability for all losses, expenses and damage of any nature arising in any way from the use by any person of our website or from any error or omission in the information contained in our website or from any inability to use our website.
Our website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and we exclude (to the fullest extent permitted by law) all implied terms, warranties and representations in connection with these terms and conditions.
We do not make any warranty or representation: that any email or other electronic communication we send to you or that you send to us will reach its destination or that it will be private and secure during internet transmission; that your use of our website will not infringe the rights of any third parties; about the accuracy, quality, completeness or fitness for any purpose of any information on our website; in relation to products or services offered on our website whether by us or on our behalf (including free software downloads) unless specified in separate terms and conditions in connection with particular products or services; about our website or linked websites; or as to the availability of our website.
You acknowledge that we have no control over the compatibility of our website with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links. Accordingly, you release us, our agents and employees from all liability (to the fullest extent permitted by law) arising out of or in connection with the compatibility of our website with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links.
You acknowledge that we have no control over the world wide web and you agree therefore that we are not responsible for the operation or the level of performance of any hypertext, text, banner, logo or other links, the internet or the world wide web or for any telephone charges or other costs that you may incur in accessing and using our website.
You agree to indemnify us (subject to any restrictions imposed by law) from and against all costs, losses, claims, damages, expenses or proceedings suffered or incurred by us arising out of or in connection with any breach of these conditions by you and any breach by you of any applicable law or legislation.
The limitations and exclusions on our liability described in these terms and conditions do not apply in the case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or in the case of our fraud.
General
We may assign our rights and obligations under these terms and conditions to any person. You may not assign any of your rights and obligations under these terms and conditions.
This Agreement does not create any right or benefit enforceable by any third party within the meaning of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 except that any limitation or exclusion of liability in our favour, and any indemnity given to us under these terms and conditions, is a right or benefit of our officers, shareholders, employees and agents and of our subsidiary companies and their officers, shareholders, employees and agents as if such limitation, exclusion or indemnity had been given directly by you to such third parties.
If a provision (or any part of any provision) of these terms and conditions is judged to be illegal or unenforceable by a court or any other competent authority, the relevant provision (or part provision) will be deemed to be omitted. The remaining terms and conditions will continue in full force and effect.
Any delay by us in enforcing our rights against you does not affect our ability to enforce such rights. Any waiver by us of any right against you is not a waiver of any other rights that we may have against you.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and we and you both submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy