http://www.kernaghan.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Canadian Federal privacy legislation applies to all organizations in Canada that collect, use and disclose the personal information of individuals in the course of commercial activities.  The Personal Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) sets out ten privacy principles and guidelines on how companies such as S.J. Kernaghan Adjusters Ltd are to handle personal information.
The 10 Privacy Principles
These principles represent the foundation of Canadian privacy rules. They are used to govern the actions of organizations, such as ours, relating to the management of personal information.
Principle 1 Accountability
Principle 2 Identifying Purposes
Principle 3 Consent
Principle 4 Limiting Collection
Principle 5 Limiting Use, Disclosure, Retention
Principle 6 Accuracy
Principle 7 Safeguarding Personal Information
Principle 8 Openness
Principle 9 Access
Principle 10 Handling Customer Inquiries
Our Commitment to You
We collect, use and disclose personal information in the course of our business: providing claims adjusting and claims risk management services on behalf of insurance companies and self-insured organizations. As a leading provider of quality national adjusting services S. J. Kernaghan Adjusters Ltd has always been and continues to be committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your information.
Compliance & Accountability
To maintain a consistent focus on privacy, we have a Privacy Officer whose responsibility is to ensure that everyone within our organization, that has access to personal information, is properly trained, understands the ten principles and strictly adheres to our policy.
Purpose & Collection
S.J. Kernaghan Adjusters Ltd collects and is provided personal information for the purposes of:
Investigating, evaluating, negotiating and settling claims on behalf of our clients;
Claims administration and reporting;
Detecting and preventing fraud;
Complying with the law, legal and regulatory requirements;
Compiling statistics and information to enable clients to properly manage risk;
Establishing and maintaining customer communication including the marketing of new services;
Conducting of quality assurance audits.
Authorized Sharing of Information
Circumstances arise where information needs to be shared with authorized representatives of other organizations that require specific information, to conduct their part of the claim handling process. Unless required or permitted by law, S. J. Kernaghan Adjusters Ltd take reasonable measures to share information only with others that have adopted a similar standard for privacy.
Exceptions & Exemptions
There are exceptions to the ten principles. For example, we are obligated to respond to a subpoena or warrant where the law permits disclosure to the proper authorities. The same is true with respect to compliance to legal and regulatory requirements.* Our personnel are trained to handle your inquiries and explain these exceptions when applicable.
*Our investigative status with PIPEDA also permits Kernaghan Adjusters to collect, use and disclose personal information under certain circumstances without consent of the individual or commercial business.
Modification as Required
To maintain consistency and integrity, we may periodically modify our conduct and our Privacy Policy as required.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, procedures or handling of your personal information please direct your inquires to the:
Office of the Privacy Officer
300 1445 West Georgia Street
Vancouver, BC V6G 2T3
T 604.688.5651
F 604.688.5676
E privacyinfo@kernaghan.com
Further inquiries may be directed to:
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
112 Kent Street
Ottawa, ON   K1A 1H3
T 1.800.282.1376
F 613.948.6850
E info@privcom.gc.ca
Important Links
A comprehensive resource for federal privacy information, including links to provincial legislation can be accessed at www.priv.gc.ca
Internet Related Policies
When you visit www.kernaghan.com your personal information and e-mail address are not recorded.
Menu