http://www.stiweb.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
Products
Accelerometers
General Purpose
Integral Cable
Compact Size
Dual Output (Temp)
Biaxial/Triaxial
Piezo-Velocity
Low Frequency
4-20mA Output
Acceleration Output (g's)
Velocity Output
Vibration and Temperature Output
ATEX/IECEx Approved
BNC Junction Boxes
Individual BNC
Switchable BNC
BNC Box Kits
Triax Boxes
Low Cost (Indoor)
DIN Rail Mounted
Cable Glands
Cable Assemblies and Adapters
MS 5015 Cable Assemblies
2 Pin MS Cables
3 Pin MS Cables
M8 and M12 Cables
Connector Kits
Cable Adapters
Bulk Cable
Sensor Mounting
Adhesives and Sealants
Mounting Pads and Kits
Motor Fin Mounts
Mounting Adapters and Studs
End Mills (Spot Facers)
Magnetic Bases
Proximity Probe Mounting
Quick Connects
Data Collector Cables
Universal BNC Cables
SKF Compatible
Emerson/CSI Compatible Data Collector Cables
Entek/Rockwell Compatible Data Collector Cables
ADASH Compatible
Cable Reduction Boxes
Balancing
Buffer Modules
Instrument Wire
LED/LCD Displays
Monitoring Systems
System Accessories
Analog/Digital Converters
Enclosures
Intrinsically Safe Barriers
Power Supplies
Cable Glands
Speed Sensors
Tachometers
Temperature Sensors
Test Equipment
Accelerometer Testing
Electrical Runout
Portable Vibration Meter
Proximity Probe Testing
Sensor Power
Rotor Kits
Transmitters and Monitors
CMCP500 Series
CMCP700 Series
TSI Functions
4-20 mA Sensors
Vibration Switches
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of STI Vibration Monitoring Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to STI Vibration Monitoring Inc.. Copyright 2003, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. or purchasing STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. or to purchase STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by STI Vibration Monitoring Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of STI Vibration Monitoring Inc.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilitySTI Vibration Monitoring Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeSTI Vibration Monitoring Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to STI Vibration Monitoring Inc..MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. STI Vibration Monitoring Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Please note: All orders shipping to Canada must ship by means of 2-Day Delivery or OvernightUse of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerSTI Vibration Monitoring Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless STI Vibration Monitoring Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with STI Vibration Monitoring Inc., STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of STI Vibration Monitoring Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, STI Vibration Monitoring Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).