https://www.strausfamilycreamery.com/privacy/
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Last Updated: This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 19, 2020.
Straus Family Creamery (“SFC,” “we” or “us”) is committed to preserving the privacy of those who visit our websites, social media platforms owned and controlled by us, and any content, functionality, or services offered through us, including our website located at strausfamilycreamery.com (collectively, the “Site”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) will outline how we gather and utilize various sources of information obtained during your visit to the Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected at this Site.
By using or accessing the Site, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what limited circumstances, if ever, we disclose it. Continued access or use of our Website shall constitute your express acceptance of any modifications to this Privacy Policy.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.
PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
When using the Site, in order to utilize some of the services, you may be asked to provide, or you may choose to upload, certain personally identifiable information about yourself (“Personal Information”). Personal Information can include your name, birth date, gender, email address, physical address and telephone number or other information. You may provide us certain Personal Information in connection with your use of the Site, such as when you post a photograph, enter or respond to a contest, survey, sweepstakes or other promotional features. For example:
Newsletter: When you elect to sign up for our e-mail newsletter, you will need to provide certain Personal Information such as your e-mail address. We utilize The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp (“Mailchimp”) to perform the foregoing service, and thus all such Personal Information provided in connection with our Newsletter is shared with Mailchimp for the intended purpose of providing you with our newsletter. By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to Mailchimp’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy currently found at https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/.
Communicate with Us: When you communicate with us or our Service Providers by e-mail or through the Site, you may provide us certain Personal Information.
Survey or Sweepstakes: If you participate in any survey, you may provide certain Personal Information as part of your response or entry.
In addition, even if you do not explicitly provide us or our Service Providers (defined below) with information, we may collect certain information automatically when you interact with the Site. For example:
Usage Date: When you use the Site, we and our Service Providers may keep an activity log that tracks usage data and information about all visitors to the Site.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Log Data: Like many websites, we and our Service Providers may use cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance your browsing experience and store information, including pixels, web beacons, “clear GIFs,” local storage, device identifiers, the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on the Site, software crash reports, session identification number, search terms, search results, and referring website’s address(es) to help provide, protect and improve the Site.
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your device from which you are accessing the Site by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), and is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time of the visit and the activity on the Site, browser type and operating system, device information, device event information, and the page you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Site. We and our Service Providers use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, administering the Site and determining your approximate geographic location.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and to tell the web server that you have returned to a particular page. We may use cookies to track your use of the Site and its features. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Site, and make it easier and/or more relevant for your use. The text in a cookie, by itself, only tells us that you have visited our Site before. It does not store any personal information such as your name, e-mail address, street address, or phone number. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies. If you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to fully experience some interactive features of the Site.
We may also use Cookies, pixels, “Web Beacons” (which are usually small, transparent graphic images) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit, the features and information for which you searched and viewed, or the e-mail you opened. This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your interests and needs.
Location-Based Data: If you access the Site from a mobile device, the Site may try to access your location in order to tailor your experience with the Site based on your location (“Location-based Services”) and in such an event we may collect information about the location of your device such as GPS coordinates, provided however, only if certain features of your mobile device, such as GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or Bluetooth are enabled. If Location-based Services are enabled, we may be able to identify your location through a variety of means, including GPS location, IP address, cell tower location, geo-fencing technology, or detection by physical on-location Wi-Fi or Bluetooth sensors, as available. To the extent your location is collected through GPS or Wi-Fi or Bluetooth sensors, such sensors, and the associated data services, may be provided by a third-party, and you agree and acknowledge that such third-party may access such information for the purpose of providing such data services to us. If you choose to disable any Location-based Services on your device, you may not be able to utilize certain features of the Site. By enabling Location-based Services on your device, you agree and acknowledge that (1) device data we collect from you is directly relevant to your use of the Site; (2) we may provide Location-based Services related to and based on your then-current location; and (3) we may use any such information collected in connection with the provision of Location-based Services in connection your use of the Site and as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy.
Aggregated Information: We may aggregate any information collected in a manner which does not identify any individual (“Aggregate Information”).
We may also engage third parties, such as Google Analytics, to provide analytics about the use of our Site, or assist with our data processing and management (e.g. to measure ad quality and responses to ads, and to display ads that are more likely to be relevant to you) account management, hosting, customer and technical support, and other services which we use to personalize your experience. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, and other technologies to automatically collect information about your use of the Site, such as your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. Additionally, we may work with advertising networks and programmatic exchanges to allow us to serve you ads. These third-party ad networks and exchange providers may use third-party cookies, pixels, or similar technologies to collect information, including your device identifier, IP address, or identifier for advertising. The information these third parties collect may be used to help us in providing you with more relevant advertising that we serve on or off the Site, and as described above. Third-party cookies are covered by the third parties’ privacy policy. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org or the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info.
INFORMATION USAGE
We may use the Personal Information we collect from you, including with the help of automated systems and data collected from the use of cookies and other similar technologies, for a range of different business purposes, including the following:
To contact you about our products and services or those of our partners or other third parties from time to time.
To communicate with you in response to your inquiries.
To help us improve, operate, test, and enhance your experience on the Site.
To notify you about important functionality changes to the Site,
To tailor advertisements, content, and other aspects of your experience on and in connection with the Site.
To send to you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you (including, without limitation, by our Service Providers or business partners that send direct mail, email, and other types of advertising to those whose email addresses we have collected).
For administrative purposes.
To prevent or detect abuses of our Terms and Conditions.
As they arise from time to time, to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information, so we suggest that you read these rules carefully; in the event of a conflict between such rules and this Privacy Policy, such rules will govern.
To enable our Service Providers to carry out technical or other functions on our behalf as well as any other purpose that we may disclose to you at the point at which we request your Personal Information.
To develop and test new products and features as well as diagnose and fix technology problems in connection with current products and features.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing the Site, improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns.
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties or mass marketers. For example, we will not sell another company your name or email address. Unless you consent to the disclosure of your Personal Information, only we and our affiliates, our agents, our technical consultants, third party auditors and other Service Providers who make our Site available, enhance its functionality, or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in delivering content, samples, products, gifts and prizes, have access to this information. These Service Providers are authorized to use Personally Information only as needed to perform their functions on our behalf.
Please note that SFC reserves the right to and may disclose Personal Information about you in response to (a) requests from local, state or federal law enforcement officials; (b) any judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order, such as subpoena; (c) if required by law; or (d) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment, physical threats, or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Site rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper.
Please also note that we do reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information and other information to our successors in business and purchasers of Site assets. We may change ownership or corporate organization while providing the Site. As a result, we may transfer your information to another company or entity that is affiliated with us, with which we have merged, or which has acquired all or some of our assets.
In addition to the foregoing, we may use non-personally identifiable information and Aggregate Information, whether or not in combination with Personal Information:
To help us determine how people use the Site and to improve the Site’s performance and usefulness.
To administer, operate, and improve the Site and other services and systems.
To improve the effectiveness of advertising on our Site, and to provide advertisements and other content that is tailored to you.
If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means as Personal Information, we treat the combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy.
PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN
This Site is not directed to or intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age do not use this Site, and under no circumstances should you send information about yourself to us. If we become aware that Personal Information from a child under the age 13 has been collected, we will use all reasonable efforts to immediately delete such information from the Site, or otherwise take corrective action as required by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). If you are a parent or guardian and believe we might have collected children’s Personal Information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, please contact us by sending a letter to the following address: 1105 Industrial Ave., Petaluma, CA 94952, or via our Contact Form.
Parents may want to consider commercially available parental control protections to limit what minors can access online and/or monitor their minor children’s online activities.  Examples include:  www.netnanny.com; www.webwatcher.com and www.sentrypc.com.  We do not endorse these or other services and are not responsible for them.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
California law allows California residents to ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide certain information about the companies’ sharing of personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  We do not share any California consumer personal information with third parties for marketing purposes without consent.
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please send a letter to the following address: 1105 Industrial Ave., Petaluma, CA 94952, or via our Contact Form. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address provided in response. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the email or mailing addresses specified in this section.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Site may contain links to other web sites, including our affiliated or co-branded web sites, including, without limitation, social media sites. Other web sites may also reference or link to our Site. This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other data collection, storage, and use practices of any third party operating any site or property linked from the Site (each, a “Linked Site”) or third parties who may provide certain services in connection with your access and use of, and our ability to provide certain products and services to you through, the Site (each, a “Service Provider”). SFC does not endorse, screen, approve, and is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or content of Linked Sites, and the inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of, or affiliation with, the Linked Site by us.
The Site may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button, “Share to Twitter” button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit the Site, the operator of the social plug-in can place a cookie on your computer or other electronic device that enables that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our Site. If you are logged into the social media website (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) while browsing on our Site, the social media plug-in allows that social media website to receive information that you have visited our Site. The social media plug-in also allows the social media website to share information about your activities on our Site with other users of their social media website. These sharing settings are managed by the social media website and governed by its privacy policy. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of each of these websites, apps, or services before connecting sharing any Personal Information.
Please note that the Site may include the ability to access and submit (including, for example, via a third-party software application or service that is available through or in connection with the Site) certain information directly to third parties, such as Mailchimp. Such information is submitted by you directly to such third parties; this Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Information submitted by you to third parties, including without limitation, Linked Sites and Service Providers. By submitting such information and using the sites and services of any Linked Site or Service Provider, you agree to the terms and conditions and privacy policies thereof, which may change from time to time without notice to you. We encourage our users to read the privacy and security policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. Visiting these other web sites is at your own risk. It is your responsibility to check for updates.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU HEREBY RELEASE SFC AND EACH OF THE OTHER COMPANY PARTIES (DEFINED BELOW) FROM ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, DISCLOSED OR UNDISCLOSED, RELATING TO THE DATA COLLECTION, STORAGE, USE, AND SHARING OF YOUR OR ANY THIRD PARTY’S PERSONAL INFORMATION OR ANONYMOUS INFORMATION BY ANY SERVICE PROVIDER OR LINKED SITE. YOU AGREE, UNDERSTAND AND INTEND THAT THIS ASSUMPTION OF RISK AND RELEASE IS BINDING UPON YOU AND YOUR HEIRS, EXECUTORS, AGENTS, ADMINISTRATORS AND ASSIGNS IN PERPETUITY.
SECURITY
SFC will not be liable for disclosures of your Personal Information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. We have undertaken commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized Internet access to visitor data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. Users must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that their personal information may be intercepted in transit.
POLICY MODIFICATIONS
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use Personal Information in a way that differs from this policy, we will post such changes here. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes. Please check this page periodically for changes to this Privacy Policy.
CHOICES REGARDING COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION
We or our vendors may send you emails or other promotions our vendors or we offer that we believe may be of special interest to you. Only SFC (or our agents who are required to comply with these policies) will send you these materials. If you do not wish to receive these materials, you may unsubscribe using the link provided with each of the emails. You may always opt-out of receiving future commercial e-mail messages from us or request that your Personal Information be removed from our Site. You may also request to opt-out or unsubscribe via our Contact Form and we will process your request within a reasonable amount of time after receipt. We are not responsible for removing your Personal Information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this policy.
You also have choices concerning cookies. Your Internet browser allows you to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is sent or reject all cookies. However, if you reject cookies, we may not be able to customize the content we show you or otherwise learn your preferences. There may also be services that require the use of cookies in order to optimize their performance. This may negatively affect your Site experience. Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to sites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To learn more about cookies and any “Do Not Track” features, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and http://www.allaboutdnt.com. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a procedure on most devices through which the Site is accessed that allows you to decline the use of cookies.
In addition, we may place advertising on the Site that originates from outside advertisers or other third parties. In some cases, if you click on these advertisements, a cookie may be sent to your computer. We do not control these cookies.
To opt out of Google Analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, you can visit the Google Ads Settings page found at https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
If your device stores Flash LSOs, and if you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your device through which you access the Site, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained using the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to as “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your device without you being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with the Site or our content. We expect our Service Providers and technology suppliers to honor any decision by you to restrict or limit Flash LSOs, but we cannot guarantee that they will do so.
On your mobile device, you may also choose to enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS phone’s settings, or the setting to “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings. To opt-out of location tracking when using our Site, you can use the settings of your device. You can disable mobile analytics and bug reporting through these same settings as well.
For more information about analytics and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page found at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 , the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page found at http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN, or EDAA’s Your Online Choices page found at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/.
Subject to any limitations noted in this Privacy Policy, if you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, delete or otherwise limit our use of your Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, you may contact us by mailing via 1105 Industrial Ave., Petaluma, CA 94952, or via our Contact Form. In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed and what limitations (if any) you would like to place on our use of your Personal Information. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records which will not be removed. We are not responsible for changing, removing or suppressing information from the databases of unaffiliated third parties, including Service Providers, with which we have already shared your Personal Information.
COMMUNICATIONS WITH SFC
By providing your email address to us, you expressly consent to receive emails from us. We may use email to communicate with you, to send information that you have requested or to send information about other products or services developed or provided by us, provided that, we will not give your email address to another party to promote their products or services directly to you.
Any communication or material you transmit to us by email or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and nonproprietary. Except to the extent expressly covered by this Privacy Policy, anything you transmit or post may be used by us for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, you expressly agree that we are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to us without compensation and for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services using such information.
SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Use of this Site is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices contained on our Terms & Conditions page. Your use, or access, of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.
CONTACT
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the following address:
Straus Family Creamery
Privacy Request
1105 Industrial Avenue
Petaluma, CA 94952
Contact Us
GOVERNING LAW
Our Site is maintained in the United States of America and is governed by United States law. By using the Site, you authorize the export of Personal Information to the United States and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Policy. If you are not a U.S. citizen, you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, even if the laws in your country may be more stringent with respect to the processing of personally identifiable information.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Get Our Newsletter
close