https://www.discover.com/credit-cards/help-center/discover-terms-of-use.html?ICMPGN=PUB_FTR_DSL_TERMS
.
Secure Account Log In
Please complete all fields below
User ID
Password
Select Account
Select Account
Credit Card
Bank Account
Student Loans
Personal Loans
Home Loans
Identity Theft Protection
Remember User ID
Forgot User ID/Password?
Activate Credit Card
Register Your Account
Close
.
Discover
>
Credit Cards
>
Discover Card Help Center
>
Terms of Use
>
DISCOVER CARD HELP CENTER
Terms of Use
Read about the Terms of use for Discover.com
QUICK LINKS
Account Management
>
Discover Mobile
>
Statements & Payments
>
Card Benefits
>
Credit Card Rewards
>
Customer Service
>
Security & Fraud
>
Resource
>
DISCOVER CREDIT CARDS
Discover® has no annual fee on every single card
Cash Back Credit Cards:
Discover it® Cash Back,
Gas & Restaurant Card,
NHL® Discover it®
Travel Credit Card:
Discover it® Miles
Student Credit Cards:
Discover it Student® Cash Back,
Student Chrome Card
Secured Credit Card:
Discover it® Secured
Business Credit Card:
Discover it® Business Card
Cash Back Credit Cards
Intro purchase APR is 0% for 14 months from date of account opening then the standard purchase APR applies. Intro Balance Transfer APR is 0% for 14 months from date of first transfer, for transfers under this offer that post to your account by
then the standard purchase APR applies. Standard purchase APR: 11.99% variable to 22.99% variable, based on your creditworthiness. Cash APR: 24.99% variable. Variable APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge: If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $.50. Cash advance fee: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee: 3% Intro fee on balances transferred by
and up to 5% fee for future balance transfers will apply. Annual Fee: None. Rates as of . We will apply payments at our discretion, including in a manner most favorable or convenient for us. Each billing period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed the Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
Travel Credit Card
Intro purchase APR is 0% for 14 months from date of account opening then the standard purchase APR applies. Intro Balance Transfer APR is 10.99% for 14 months from date of first transfer, for transfers under this offer that post to your account by
then the standard purchase APR applies. Standard purchase APR: 11.99% variable to 22.99% variable, based on your creditworthiness. Cash APR: 24.99% variable. Variable APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge: If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $.50. Cash advance fee: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee: 3% Intro fee on balances transferred by
and up to 5% fee for future balance transfers will apply. Annual Fee: None. Rates as of . We will apply payments at our discretion, including in a manner most favorable or convenient for us. Each billing period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed the Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
Student Credit Cards
Intro purchase APR is 0% for 6 months from date of account opening then the standard purchase APR applies. Intro Balance Transfer APR is 10.99% for 6 months from date of first transfer, for transfers under this offer that post to your account by
then the standard purchase APR applies. Standard purchase APR: 12.99% - 21.99% variable, based on your creditworthiness. Cash APR: 24.99% variable. Variable APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge: If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $.50. Cash advance fee: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee: 3% Intro fee on balances transferred by
and up to 5% fee for future balance transfers will apply. Annual Fee: None. Rates as of . We will apply payments at our discretion, including in a manner most favorable or convenient for us. Each billing period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed the Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
Secured Credit Card
22.99% standard variable purchase APR. Intro Balance Transfer APR is 10.99% for 6 months from date of first transfer, for transfers under this offer that post to your account by
then the standard purchase APR applies. Cash APR: 24.99% variable. Variable APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge: If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $.50. Cash advance fee: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee: 3% Intro fee on balances transferred by
and up to 5% fee for future balance transfers will apply. Annual Fee: None. Rates as of . We will apply payments at our discretion, including in a manner most favorable or convenient for us. Each billing period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed the Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
Business Credit Card
Intro purchase APR is 0% for 12 months from date of account opening then the standard purchase APR applies. Standard purchase APR: 12.99% variable to 20.99% variable, based on your creditworthiness. Cash APR: 24.99% variable. Variable APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge: If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $.50. Cash advance fee: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee: 5% of the amount of each transfer. Annual Fee: None. Rates as of . We will apply payments at our discretion, including in a manner most favorable or convenient for us. Each billing period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed the Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
NHL and the NHL Shield are registered trademarks and NHL.TV is a trademark of the National Hockey League. NHL and NHL team marks are the property of the NHL and its teams. © NHL 2020. All Rights Reserved.
See All Credit Cards
Check for credit card offers without hurting your credit
See if you already qualify for credit card offers before you apply. There’s no harm to your credit to check.
Check Now
Terms of Use
By accessing this website or content, you agree to the following Terms of Use. Discover Financial Services and its affiliates ("DFS") reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time, and your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to all such changes. As terms are subject to change you should, on occasion, visit this page to review these Terms and Conditions.
Uses of this Website
Access to and use of this website is subject to these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations.
Accounts, Security, and Passwords
Certain features or content offered on the website may require you to open an account or may otherwise ask you to provide information. If you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or features.
You agree to notify DFS immediately of any unauthorized use of a DFS account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any of your usernames or passwords associated with DFS’s websites and content. You may be held liable for losses or damages incurred by DFS or any other user of or visitor to the website due to someone else using your user name, ID, password, or other information which provides access to the website. DFS is not liable for any loss or damage that you may incur as a result of your failure to comply with these requirements.
In addition to the Data Sharing Agreement below, in order to facilitate online transactions initiated by you, you agree that DFS may transmit, share, display, and use your DFS account information which may include card data, email address, phone number, billing address, and card design with wallet providers including Discover Click to Pay, online merchants, or other third parties (“Permitted Party”). You may initiate these online transactions by provisioning your DFS account directly with the Permitted Party or by providing the email address or telephone number associated with your DFS account to be verified by the Permitted Party as belonging to you. If your DFS account information changes you authorize us to provide updated information to any such Permitted Party at our discretion. If you wish to stop the sharing you must remove your DFS account information or contact the Permitted Party directly.
You agree that DFS may collect and use technical and usage data and related information, including but not limited to, technical information about your device, date and time of website access, system and website software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of product support and other services to you (if any) related to the website. You grant DFS the permission to use this information to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you, as well as to provide advertising content in which DFS believes you may be interested, including working with third parties who provide targeted advertising content. For more information on how we collect, use and share your online data and how you can manage your online privacy choices, please see the Online Privacy Statement.
NO WARRANTY
THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IN THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS. DFS AND THIRD PARTY DATA PROVIDERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABIILTY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES IN THIS WEBSITE.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will DFS be liable for any lost profits, lost opportunity, lost data, cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, intangible loss, or any direct or indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, punitive, consequential or any damages whatsoever arising out of or in connection with your access to, use of or inability to use this website or any linked product, service or website or the copying or display of, or the interaction or any other form of communications with the website, regardless of whether DFS is advised of the possibility of such damages, losses, or expenses and regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort, warranty or otherwise.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless DFS, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns (“DFS Entities”) from and against any actual or alleged claims or losses arising from, in connection with, or based on allegations whenever made of any of the following: your breach of these Terms of Use; your use of this website and content; any claim that your use of this website and any content violates any law; the use of Your Content by any DFS Entity; or any claim arising out of, or in connection with, your negligent acts or omissions. This obligation shall survive the termination or expiration of these Terms of Use. You will cooperate fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. DFS reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to the indemnification by you.
Copyrights and additional Intellectual Property
DISCOVER and the other trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed in this website are the trademarks of DFS, its affiliates or their respective third party owners. Under no circumstances may you alter, modify, or change these trademarks. You are prohibited from using these trademarks for any purpose without written permission. All right, title and interest in this website and any content contained herein is the exclusive property of DFS, except as otherwise stated.
The information contained in this website, including but not limited to text, graphics, and images (other than certain images licensed from third parties) and their arrangement, are copyright ©2017 by Discover Financial Services. All rights reserved.
Pursuant to Section 512(c)(2) of the Copyright Act, DFS designates the following agent to receive notifications of claimed copyright or intellectual property infringement: Sheila Lehr, Discover, 2500 Lake Cook Road, Riverwoods, IL 60015; fax: (224) 405-3555; iplegal@discover.com.
Some DFS products and services may be covered by U.S. Patent Nos. 6,405,181; 6,567,791; 6,718,313; 7,143,063; 7,346,576; 6,324,524; and 6,795,812.
Submissions
By using this website, creating an account, or otherwise posting or submitting content on this website, you understand, represent and agree to the following with regard to anything that you post or submit (“Your Content”):
(a) Your Content is your original and sole creation; (b) Your Content does not infringe upon any third party rights, including but not limited to patent, copyright, trademark, trade dress, design right, right of publicity or privacy or any intellectual property right; (c) Your Content does not contain material that may be considered defamatory, slanderous or libelous or depict any person, entity or product in a false light; (d) Your Content does not violate any law or regulation; (e) you grant the DFS Entities an irrevocable, fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, copy, publish, distribute, adapt and modify Your Content, or create derivative works from Your Content, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, for any purpose and you have obtained any consents necessary to grant this license; (f) and the DFS Entities shall not be subject to any obligation of confidentiality with respect to Your Content except as specifically agreed in writing by a DFS Entity or as required by law.
Links
This website contains links to third party websites. DFS hereby disclaims liability for any information, materials, products, or services posted or offered at any of the third party sites linked to this website. The inclusion of any link is not and does not imply an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, approval, investigation, verification or monitoring by DFS of any information contained in any third party website. In no event shall DFS be responsible for the information contained on that site or your use of or inability to use such site. You also should be aware that the terms and conditions of such site and the site's privacy policy may be different from those applicable to your use of this website.
Privacy
Please see our Website Privacy Statement.
Data Sharing
Please see our Data Sharing Agreement.
Governing Law and Enforceability
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions. Sole and exclusive jurisdiction for any action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms of Use shall be in an appropriate state court located in the County of Lake, State of Illinois or federal court located in the Northern District of Illinois, and the parties unconditionally waive their respective rights to a jury trial. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of this website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms of Use, or a portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of these Terms of Use, and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect. Except for the Website Privacy Statement, these Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between DFS and you with respect to this site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements and understandings between DFS and you with respect to the subject matter hereof.
These Terms of Use were last updated October 20, 2020. Please check back for updates and changes.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use, the website, or the Service, please contact us.
Still have questions?
CALL US
phone icon
Call 1-800-DISCOVER.
We're here to help 24 hours a day.
Message Us
message icon
Message a U.S.-based agent
to get your questions answered.
Chat With us
i
message icon
Chat with a U.S. based agent using Apple Business Chat.
DISCOVER IT® CASH BACK CREDIT CARD
You earn cash back, we match it all your first year
Only Discover® Cashback Match automatically matches the cash back you've earned at the end of your first year.1
Apply Now
Cashback Match: Only from Discover, as of October 2020. We'll match all the cash back rewards you've earned on your credit card from the day your new account is approved through your first 12 consecutive billing periods or 365 days, whichever is longer, and add it to your rewards account within two billing periods. You've earned cash back rewards only when they're processed, which may be after the transaction date. We will not match: rewards that are processed after your match period ends; statement credits; rewards transfers from Discover checking or other deposit accounts; or rewards for accounts that are closed. This promotional offer may not be available in the future and is exclusively for new cardmembers. No purchase minimums.
No annual fee
* Intro purchase APR is 0% for 14 months from date of account opening then the standard purchase APR applies. Intro Balance Transfer APR is 0% for 14 months from date of first transfer, for transfers under this offer that post to your account by
then the standard purchase APR applies. Standard purchase APR: 11.99% variable to 22.99% variable, based on your creditworthiness. Cash APR: 24.99% variable. Variable APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. Minimum interest charge: If you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $.50. Cash advance fee: Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee: 3% Intro fee on balances transferred by
and up to 5% fee for future balance transfers will apply. Annual Fee: None. Rates as of . We will apply payments at our discretion, including in a manner most favorable or convenient for us. Each billing period, we will generally apply amounts you pay that exceed the Minimum Payment Due to balances with higher APRs before balances with lower APRs as of the date we credit your payment.
There’s no annual fee for your Discover it® Cash Back credit card. Not now. And not hiding a year from now.
Low intro APR
0% Intro APR
† for 14 months on purchases and balance transfers. 3% Intro Balance Transfer Fee until . Then 11.99% to 22.99% Standard Variable Purchase APR and up to 5% fee for future balance transfers will apply.
†See Rates, rewards and other info >
, Opens new window