http://www.aramarkrefreshments.com/webstore/privacy-policy/
LAST UPDATED: May 13, 2013 This Privacy Policy covers information that Aramark Refreshment Services, LLC and Refreshment Services, a division of Aramark Canada Ltd. ("Aramark", "we", "us" or "our") collects when you are on our websites (the "Websites"), and when you order products or services through the Websites. By visiting the Websites and submitting information, you consent to the collection, processing, transfer and/or storage of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You unconditionally agree that using the Websites signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITES. Please take a moment to review our Privacy Policy in detail.This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage. This policy only covers information collected on the Websites, and does not cover any information collected at any other website other than the Websites, or offline by Aramark (unless specifically stated).What information does Aramark collect?Personal information"Personal information" is information that can be used to specifically identify an individual, such as your name, mailing address, email address, or telephone number. Aramark collects personal information you give us when you visit and use the Websites, order our products or services, contact us by mail, phone or email, and/or fill out requests for information through our advertisements, surveys and promotions. Non-personal information"Non-personal information" is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as browser information, information collected through server logs, cookies, pixel tags and other technologies, demographic information and other information provided by you and aggregated information. We may collect non-personal information, such as demographic information (age, gender, etc.), employment and job preferences, taste or other preference information, and the like, when voluntarily submitted by a visitor through the Websites. We may also keep a list of a visitorâ??s past orders. We may also obtain non-personal information from third parties; for example, we may obtain geographic or demographic information, or information regarding visitorâ??s possible interests, from third parties, or we may receive non-personal information from a marketing partner in connection with a co-branded website or promotion. All of this information is considered non-personal information because, unless combined with personal information, it does not personally identify you or any other visitor of the Websites. Additionally, when you visit the Websites, Aramarkâ??s or Aramarkâ??s service providersâ?? servers automatically collect certain types of technical and computer and connection information from you, such as browser type and operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique number that identifies your Internet access), cookie information, the pages viewed and accessed, how long a visitor accessed our Websites in any given session and the date and time of access. Aramark or Aramarkâ??s service providers may also collect and record non-personal information regarding the types of products ordered on the Websites, the pages visited before coming to our Websites and the pages linked to when visitors leave. We may also aggregate personal information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other visitor to the Websites, for example, by using personal information to calculate the percentage of our visitors who have a particular telephone area code. What technologies does Aramark use on the Websites?Aramark uses a variety of technologies on the Websites, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files that are transferred to the computer (or other Internet-accessing device) that you are using when you visit our Websites. Cookies allow us to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our Websites, both during a session and over time. Cookies allow us to improve and enhance the Websites and provide visitors to the Websites with more appropriate content. We also employ cookies to allow us to maintain products in shopping carts and otherwise personalize your online experience if you have registered with us, i.e. you have an account on one of the Websites. Through cookies, Aramark can customize our Websites and advertisements to your individual preferences in order to create a more personalized, convenient online experience. f you do not want cookies, you can set your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being set or turn off all cookies through your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox). (Check your browser HELP menu to learn the way to change or update your cookies.) However, it is possible that some parts of the Websites will not operate correctly if you disable cookies and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the features of the Websites by doing so. Although cookies are not necessary to view Aramarkâ??s Websites or receive advertisements from us, cookies may be required to place an online order with us. Should you wish to not accept cookies in your web browser, you may place an order by calling the phone number of your Aramark Market Center, as listed on the Contact Us page of our aramarkrefreshments.com Website. Parts of the Websites and our email updates may contain electronic images called web beacons, sometimes known as one pixel GIFs, clear GIFs or pixel tags. We may use web beacons or similar technologies for a number of purposes, such as to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how visitors to our Websites navigate the Websites and to count how many emails (or particular articles, links, etc.) that we sent were actually opened. Web beacons allow us to develop statistical information about the activities and features that most interest our consumers for the purpose of providing more personalized content. How is the information used by Aramark?Personal informationThe personal information Aramark collects is used to better serve our customers by making their online visits more enjoyable. We do so by responding to and fulfilling your requests, modifying areas that need to be improved upon, customizing your online experience and communicating with you for marketing or other purposes (such as providing you with special offers, notifying you of new product launches, and following up with you regarding your needs and requests). We also use the personal information provided for fulfilling your orders, including for shipping purposes (and we may share your personal information with third parties for such purposes). We may use your email address or phone number to contact you if we have questions about your order and to provide you with customer service. We may also use your personal information to send you promotional emails. At any time, you may stop receiving such promotional emails if you desire Ã¢â?¬â?? please see the "How can I opt-out" section below for more information on how to opt-out of receiving such promotional emails. However, you may not opt out of receiving important administrative emails from us, including emails relating to your orders or relating to product recalls or providing guidance from product manufacturers. We will require you to create an account to place an order from the aramarkrefreshments.com Website. When you register (log in), we may ask for your email address so that we can provide you access to your account in the future. Logging in does NOT obligate you in any way to Aramark. We may combine your personal information with non-personal information, such as your past orders, to provide you with a profile of your ordering history and for marketing and other purposes. We may also combine personal information we collect from you through the Websites with information we collect through other sources (such, as through phone orders offline). The combined information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy for so long as it is so combined. Aramark may on occasion seek information on our customer base via electronic or print surveys. Participation is optional. Survey contact information (name, email address, mailing address, etc.) is used to request more information in relation to the survey or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy. We may produce and mail offers, coupons and information, including catalogues, to visitors to the Websites. We may also use lists we have received from third parties or public sources to send you this information. If you would prefer not to receive offline mailings from Aramark relating to products found on the Websites, please contact your Aramark Market Center using the information on the Contact Us page of the aramarkrefreshments.com Website to indicate that you would like to be removed from our mailing list. Aramark may conduct sweepstakes, contests and promotions, which ask visitors for personal information, such as contact information (name, email address, mailing address, etc.). Participation is optional. If you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion on a Website, we may disclose your personal information to third parties in connection with the administration of such promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain additional specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion. Personal information collected through sweepstakes, contests and promotions is also used to communicate with you regarding the promotion or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy or under the rules governing the promotion. Aramark may offer chat rooms, forums, message or bulletin boards, product rating and review areas, or interactive areas on the Websites where visitors may post comments or information for our visitorsâ?? enjoyment. If there are chat rooms, bulletin or message boards, social networking opportunities or other interactive areas where personal information may be posted at a Website, be sure to check any posted rules before entering, as you will be bound by them as well as our Terms and Conditions. Rules for participation in interactive features may establish age and other restrictions on participation. As you know, anything you post online is available publicly for the world to see. We make no representations and undertake no obligations as to information, including personal information that you voluntarily post. Aramark may publish your name, voice and likeness and other similar personal information in connection with any submissions you may make to the Websites, as set forth in our Terms and Conditions. You should be aware that Aramark may (but has no obligation to) publish your product-related comments, with or without attribution of those comments to you, on other websites owned by Aramark. Aramark may receive information about you from other sources; as is customary in many businesses, we may purchase and use email lists to contact potential customers. We may use this information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing our ability to serve you and to tailor content to you or other visitors. We ask those providing lists to give us assurances that email contact information is provided only for those consumers who have expressed a desire to receive offers and information by email. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Websites. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personal information received, unless otherwise specifically disclosed by us at the time you provide your personal information. Non-personal informationBecause non-personal information does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such non-personal information, which does not personally identify you, with our affiliates and with other third parties, for any purpose. For example, we regularly aggregate our sales and marketing information based on our customersâ?? orders. We use this information to be certain that we are offering the right products at the right time, and we like to understand what regions of the country order more products from us, what products are the most popular, and generally how our business is doing. We may also use non-personal information, such as technical data and information collected by or shared with third parties for internal business and marketing purposes, and to monitor security of the Websites. In some instances, we may combine non-personal information with personal information (such as combining your name with your zip code or postal code). If we do combine any non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information hereunder as long as it is so combined. How is personal information shared with third parties? Aramark may perform or may employ third party service providers to perform certain business functions on our behalf. These functions may include (a) collecting personal information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, email address, mailing address, and any other personal information you may volunteer, such as in connection with a survey; (b) fulfilling orders, including delivering packages; (c) analyzing data and providing marketing assistance; and (d)Ã? generating and revising customer lists. We seek to ensure that none of these third parties may use any personal information collected for any purpose other than to carry out their business function on our behalf. Personal information may be shared or combined between current or future affiliates, subsidiaries or other related entities of Aramark for internal business and marketing/promotional purposes. Personal information may also be shared by Aramark with other third parties for marketing/promotional purposes. You may opt-out of such sharing of your personal information at any time. Please see the "How can I opt-out" section below for more information on how to opt-out of such sharing of your personal information. Aramark or any of it assets, including the Websites, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your personal information is one of the key business assets for the transaction. In such a case, your personal information may be one of the business assets we transfer. Hence, Aramark reserves the right to disclose and transfer personal information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our assets, or other corporate change. Aramark will release personal information and other collected information about you if you direct us to do so; if we believe we are required to, or as we believe to be appropriate under applicable law (including laws outside of your country of residence), to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other valid law enforcement measures; to comply with a legal obligation; at the request of public or governmental authorities (including authorities outside of your country of residence); to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Websites and applicable laws; or to protect the legal rights, privacy, interests, safety, property or operations of Aramark, our affiliates, the Websites, visitors to our Websites or others, to enforce our Terms and Conditions, to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain or in other legally limited circumstances. This includes exchanging information with third parties or organizations in connection with credit risk reduction and fraud protection. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error, entry error, error in pricing information received from our suppliers, or other similar error, Aramark shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed through the Websites for product listed at the incorrect price.
Aramark reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed. Are there links on the Websites?If Aramark provides any links to websites owned by third parties or Aramark affiliates on the Websites, these sites will operate independently from the Websites. We will not be and are not responsible or liable for any content or information collection practices of those pages or for such sitesâ?? use of any personal information you provide to them, and we expressly disclaim any liability or responsibility for the policies relating to privacy and information collection and usage on any of such linked websites. Please review the policies of any website you visit. How do the Websites serve advertisements?We may use service providers to serve ads to you when you are on third-party websites, based only on your activity while you are on our Websites. For example, if you showed interest in a particular brand of coffee, we may serve an advertisement for that brand to you after you leave our Websites. In the course of serving our advertisements, our service providers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about it, please visit http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. How might this Privacy Policy change in the future?We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Websites. If you use one of our Websites following our posting of a revised Privacy Policy, your use of the Website will constitute your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for changes or updates. How can I opt-out?We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from: Receiving electronic communications from us: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking on the opt-out link in any such email you receive from us; by logging into your aramarkrefreshments.com Website account, clicking on My Account from the homepage and making the appropriate selections in the "Email Notifications" section; or by contacting your Aramark Market Center using the information on the Contact Us page of the aramarkrefreshments.com Website to indicate that you would like to be removed from our mailing list.Our sharing of your Personal Information with our affiliates and other third parties: If you would prefer that we not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with our affiliates or with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by logging into your aramarkrefreshments.com Website account, clicking on My Account from the homepage and making the appropriate selections in the "Email Notifications" section, or by contacting your Aramark Market Center using the information on the Contact Us page of the aramarkrefreshments.com Website to indicate that you would prefer that we not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with our affiliates or with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes. We will seek to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of our affiliates or unaffiliated third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information (i.e., to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages. How can I access or change my Personal Information?Aramark offers you the ability to correct your personal information by contacting your Aramark Market Center using the information on the Contact Us page of the aramarkrefreshments.com Website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to update or remove your personal information or restrict how we use your information, please use the Contact Us page. While Aramark makes efforts to accommodate requests to restrict our use of your information, we reserve the right to delete customer information if we cannot reasonably accommodate a requested restriction. What security measures does Aramark have in place?Aramark takes commercially reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide. Aramark maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access, including through the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security software. SSL is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it difficult for anyone else to intercept the personal information in the order information that you send us when you submit your online order. Otherwise, the transmission of information to and from us is not encrypted or secure. We seek to restrict access to information about you to those individuals who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. Although Aramark has implemented measures designed to secure personal information collected on our Websites from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes, nor can we guarantee that the transmission of data over the Internet that includes your personal information, or information storage technology, will be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the "How can I contact Aramark?" section below. How can I contact Aramark?If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact your Aramark Market Center using the information on the Contact Us page of the aramarkrefreshments.com Website. Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information in your e-mail correspondence with us. Other important noticesThe Websites are not intended for children under thirteen (13) years of age. Aramark does not target its Websites or any of its services or products to children and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under thirteen (13) years of age; the Websites are entirely aimed at adults.