http://www.notifycorp.com/privacy
Internal Login
Notify Technology
HomeProductsNotifyMDMSupported PlatformsArchitectureResourcesTrialHow to BuyNotifyRDSNotifySCMNotifyLinkSupported PlatformsArchitectureResourcesTrialHow to BuyNotifySyncSolutionsBring Your Own DeviceEnterprise Mobility ManagementData Loss PreventionIndustriesFinancial ServicesGovernmentHealthcareHigher EducationK-12 EducationManufacturingPartnersBecome a PartnerMeet Our PartnersSupportCompanyAbout UsContact Us
Privacy Policy
This Notify Technology Corporation ("Notify") Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains the current policy of Notify regarding the personal information
you may supply to Notify when visiting this Notify website ("Site"). Personal information may be any information that may be used to identify
an individual, including a first and last name, a home or other physical address, an e-mail address or other contact information, whether at
work or at home. In general, you can visit most of the Site without telling Notify who you are or revealing any personal information about
yourself. Therefore, providing such personal information is within your control. While you can visit most of the Site without providing any
personal information about yourself, sometimes Notify requires personal information about you in order to provide software and/or services
or information that you request. This Privacy Policy explains information and data collection and use in those situations. Please read this
entire Privacy Policy. By using and/or accessing the Site you are consenting to Notify's processing of your data and consenting to the terms
of this Privacy Policy.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
Note that this Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time by Notify and it is your responsibility to frequently check the Site for such updates.
Notify reserves the right, at Notify's discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the Privacy Policy, at any time. Your continued
use of the Site following changes to the Privacy Policy means you accept the Privacy Policy as changed and then posted to the Site. The last
revision date for the Privacy Policy is set forth at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Goals
Notify's goal in collecting personal information online is to provide you with a personalized web experience. By knowing your preferences, Notify
can deliver relevant information that meets your needs and ensures that your visit to this Site is quick, easy, and productive.
Information Notify Collects
User Provided Information. When Notify requires personal information that identifies you, Notify may ask you for certain personal information about
you which allows Notify to contact you. Generally, this personal information is requested when you are acquiring a license to software and/or
registering for services or information available on or through the Site. Personal information collected by Notify often is limited to minimal
information, but may include information such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address,. We may also collect certain other
information, when needed, to license software and/or provide services or information to you available on or through the Site such as collaboration
suite, mobility device types, PIN numbers and telephone numbers, telephone carrier, e-mail/PIM/LDAP domain names and passwords associated with
e-mail and PIM accounts. Additional information that may be requested for transactional purposes but not retained by us may be credit card
number, expiration date, security code, cardholder name and cardholder address. Notify collects personally identifying information only when
you are: (1) acquiring a license to software and/or registering for services or information available on or through the Site, or otherwise
contacting Notify through the Site; (2) registering for personalized information on the Site; (3) gaining entry into one of the Site's password-protected
areas; and (4) entering into promotions available on or through the Site.
Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
Notify may place a "cookie" on your computer or utilize other tracking technologies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers
to the hard drive of a visitor's computer for record-keeping purposes. The information stored is intended to make your usage of the Site easier
and faster because it allows you to use the Site without having to re-enter information on each visit. Where applicable, the cookies also keep
track of your configured products and the items stored in your shopping cart, so you can search the Site for more information or configure
another product without losing the configured product information that you created. Notify also uses cookies when you request personalized
information on the Site. These cookies are used to identify visitors when they return to the Site. Where applicable, they also maintain the
visitor's identity while at the Site so they need only log in once; without cookies the Site will function but visitors would be required to
log in repeatedly on a single visit. Most web browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove
them. In addition, most web browsers allow you to set your web browser so that it will notify you if you receive a cookie or you may choose
to block cookies with your web browser. However, note that if you choose to erase or block cookies, you may need to re-enter information previously
supplied to Notify on the Site. Except as indicated in this Privacy Policy, Notify does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer
that was not originally sent in the cookie, and Notify does not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing
purposes, nor is that information shared with any third parties whatsoever. Notify does not use cookies to identify specific individuals, except
in such cases as individualized news on the home page, and such similar uses.
Tracking technologies utilized by Notify may record information such as Internet domain and host names, IP addresses, browser software and operating
system types, clickstream patterns, and dates and times that the Site is accessed or used. Notify's use of cookies and other tracking technologies
allows Notify to improve the Site and your web experience. Notify may also analyze information that does not contain personal information for
trends and statistics.
The Way Notify Uses the Information Collected
Establish and enhance our relationship with you. Notify generally uses the information you provide or Notify collects personally identifiable information
when you register as a member in order to that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found
on the Site.
Notify uses all of the information that we collect from users to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve
the way the Site works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.
Notify may use "cookies" information in the ways described in the "Cookies and other Tracking Technologies" section above.
If you have registered as a member and given Notify consent, we do not share your personally identifiable information with advertisers, business
partners, and other entities that are not affiliated with Notify. We do not share personally identifiable information with other third-party
organizations for their marketing or promotional use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you
will have the ability to opt-in.
Notify's employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to the personally identifiable information you
may provide to register as a member of Notify. We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to
us, including outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (for example, contest and sweepstakes administration),
but they may only use your personally identifiable information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose.
When Notify Discloses Information
Notify discloses automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith
belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law) or respond to a court order, judicial
or other government subpoena, or warrant. In some cases, we may make such disclosures without first providing notice to Users.
Notify also reserves the right to disclose user information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against
liability; protect Notify from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or
allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Site; or to protect the rights, property,
or personal safety of Notify, our users, or others.
In the event that Notify is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or
assign the information that we have collected from users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
Correcting Personal Information
To the extent that you do provide Notify with your personal information, Notify wishes to maintain accurate personal information. Where Notify
collects personal information from you through the Site, Notify provides a means for you to contact Notify should you need to update or correct
that personal information. Please send such updates or corrections about your personal information to Notify by e-mail at SalesOperations@notifycorp.com
to and Notify will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in your personal information that Notify holds as soon as practicable.
International Visitors
The Site is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you nonetheless choose to use
the Site from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then
please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States and by providing
your personally identifiable information on the Site you consent to that transfer.
Third Party Services and Products
The Site may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though
they are not operated or maintained by us. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party websites. Notify's privacy
policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other third web sites. Please be aware that Notify does not warn you
when you have chosen to link through to another website from the Site.
Children's Privacy
The Site is not structured or intended to attract children. Accordingly, Notify does not intend to collect personal information from anyone under
thirteen (13) years of age. If Notify learns that personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13-years-of-age has been collected
on the Site without verifiable parental consent, then Notify will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent
or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to Notify, then you may alert
Notify at SalesOperations@notifycorp.com and request that Notify delete that child's personal information from its systems.
Notify's Commitment to Data Security
Notify uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information.
We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Notify, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive
your transmission of information, Notify makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note
that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical,
technical, or managerial safeguards. If Notify learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that
you can take appropriate protective steps. Notify may post a notice on the Site if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you
may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
NotifyMDM's Compliance with GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a regulation on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union (EU).
It addresses the export of personal data outside the EU. The GDPR aims to give control back to citizens and residents over their personal data
and to simplify the regulatory environment for all international business by unifying the regulation within the EU. NotifyMDM conforms to the
current EU privacy laws and GDPR that goes into effect on May 25, 2018. For more information on how NotifyMDM meets GDPR compliance, download
the data sheet.
Contact Information
Notify welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. To provide Notify with your comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact
Notify at the following regular mail address or e-mail address:
By regular mail:
Notify Technology Corporation
Attn: Paul DePond
6570 Seville Drive
Canfield, OH 44406
By e-mail:
pdepond@notifycorp.com
Contact Us
Sales and Marketing
Email: sales@notifycorp.com
Phone: 234-228-7100
Product Development
& Technical Support
9:00 am - 6:00 pm ET, Monday - Friday
Email: techsupport@notifycorp.com
Phone: 234-228-7100
Need More Info?
Contact us to schedule a demo or request a trial or pricing information and see how Notify's solutions can help your organization.
Request Now
© 2020 Notify Technology Corporation
LinkedIn
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseExport ControlContact