http://www.ecommission.com/privacy
A message from our CEO, Sean Whaling, regarding COVID-19. Click to read.
Get Paid Now
Sign In
Our Services
What We Do
How It Works
About Us
Our Team / Management
Alliances / Partners
Resources
Help Center
Testimonials
Real Estate Success Tips
Blog
Broker Information
Access
Our Privacy Statement
We’re here to help:Call us at 1-877-882-4368 or Click to Chat
This privacy statement was last updated February 03, 2014.
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.eCommission.com.
eCommission recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers and our Web site's users. Accordingly, we created this privacy statement to disclose eCommission's information gathering and dissemination practices. We operate our business by the principles set forth below. Through the following privacy statement, eCommission agrees to notify its users of:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Web site.
Whether eCommission or a third party is collecting the information.
How the information is used.
With whom and under what circumstances your information may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
What security measures are taken to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under eCommission's control.
How you can update or revise the information.
What means of recourse are available if you believe we have violated any provision in our privacy statement.
+   Information Collection and Use
You can browse through eCommission's Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. However, if you want to use our Web site's services, you must register with us by providing personal information.
We only use your personal information to help us service your account, to improve our services to you, to provide you with payment of your real estate commissions on a factored basis, and to inform you about any promotions that may be of interest to you. We will not sell, rent, or share your personal information with third parties. In the event that court orders or laws mandate eCommission to disclose personal information, we will do so only to the extent required by law.
+   Registration
In order to use our Web site's services, you must first complete the registration form. During registration you are required to give two kinds of information: personal and sales transaction information. Personal information collected includes: customer name, home/business address, home/business phone, email address(es), site password, and password reminder. Transaction information collected includes: property address, sale type, purchase price, closing entity (attorney, title company), closing date, and commission earned.
This information is collected to create a database of customer information that avoids re-entering the same information every time our services are used. We also use this information to contact you about the services on our site for which you have expressed interest. Personal information is also used under the Fair Credit Reporting Act to obtain information from your personal credit profile or other information from Experian and/or TransUnion. By providing us with your personal information you authorize us to conduct a pre-qualification review. Transaction information is collected so we can verify that a sale occurred and it was valid.
+   Business Transfers
In the unlikely event that eCommission or substantially all of its assets are acquired, eCommission's business, including customer information, will be transferred to the acquiring company. However, in the unlikely event that eCommission files for bankruptcy or proceedings are commenced against eCommission in bankruptcy under federal or state bankruptcy laws, customer information will not be included among assets sold, auctioned or otherwise transferred to any third party in satisfaction of debts owed by eCommission.
+   Notification of Changes
If we update our privacy policy, we will post a notice on our Home page (www.eCommission.com). Anyone can review the changes by going directly to our privacy statement. This ensures readers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated in our privacy policy at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. We will offer users a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
+   Cookies
A cookie is information passed from a web server to a web browser. eCommission's Web site uses cookies to maintain the integrity of a client login session. No personal information is passed or stored in the cookie.
+   Log Files
We use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
+   Sharing
We are the sole owners of our customer list. We do not sell, rent, or share personally identifiable demographic information with our partners, affiliates or advertisers.
+   Links
This Web site contains links to sites belonging to corporate and alliance partners. Corporate partners are outside companies with the same customer targets with which we develop mutually beneficial relationships. Alliance partners are brokerage houses that let us market our services to their agents and brokers as bound by contractual agreements. We try to protect our customers by requiring every potential partner to sign an agreement promising to adhere to privacy policies consistent with ours throughout the entirety of our partnership. However, please be aware that despite our best efforts, eCommission is ultimately not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
+   Security
The eCommission website uses high-grade, 128 bit key encryption. You will notice the security lock next to our URL. Any information you enter is safe and secure. eCommission takes every precaution to protect our users' information both online and off-line. The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. We also ensure our staff's trustworthiness. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job function have access to personally identifiable information.
+   Supplementation of Information
In order for eCommission to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to independently verify each sale contract with the attorney, escrow company or title company that is closing the sale. We do this by calling the contact name on the customer's sale contract. We tell the contact we are funding a portion of the commission on the sale and ask for their confirmation that they have opened escrow and are acting as the closing entity. We never contact buyers or sellers, nor share any personal information.
+   Special Offers
We send all new members a welcome email to verify their account. Established members will occasionally receive information on promotions whereby we offer price saving on certain products and services. Out of respect for the privacy of our customers, we will never sell, share, transfer or disclose our customer list in any other way. We also present our customers the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out information below.
+   Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your home address, phone number, etc.), or if you no longer desire our service, you can correct, update or remove any personal data provided by calling us at (877) 882-4368, emailing us agent@ecommission.com (for agents) or broker@ecommission.com (for brokers), or mailing us at Customer Service, 11612 FM 2244 Road, Building II, Suite 200, Austin, Texas, 78738.
+   Choice/Opt-out
eCommission does not rent, sell, or share users' personal information with third parties. However, we regularly send users emails, text messages, and direct mail relating to the status of their advance transactions as well as information about promotions. With regard specifically to text messaging, message and data rates may apply. In each correspondence type sent by eCommission, customers are given the option to “opt-out” of receiving future information. This may be done by replying to the email and typing the word “remove” in the subject line, using the opt-out link contained in each email, or replying to a text messaging by typing the word “stop” to end. You can also opt-out of receiving any correspondence from us by emailing directly to agent@ecommission.com and typing "remove" in the subject line.
+   Children
eCommission does not provide services to, nor acquire information from, children under 18 years old.
+   Consumer Recourse
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, please contact Sean Whaling, CEO, at (877) 882-4368, sean.whaling@ecommission.com, 11612 FM 2244 Road, Building II, Suite 200, Austin, Texas, 78738.
Please share your location to continue