http://www.godrejinds.com/legal.aspx
Know Us
Our Story
The Godrej Way
Board of Directors
Businesses
Godrej Agrovet
Godrej Chemicals
Godrej Consumer Products
Godrej Housing Finance
Godrej Properties
Careers
People Philosophy
Diversity
Meet Us
On Campus
Godrej LOUD
India Culture Lab
Join Us
Sustainability
Godrej Agrovet
Godrej Consumer Products
Godrej Properties
Volunteering
Godrej Trusts
Codes & Policies
Investors
Annual Reports
Financial Updates
Shareholder Information
Investor Information
Subsidiaries Accounts
Listing Compliance
Board Committees
Media
Godrej Agrovet
Godrej Consumer Products
Godrej Properties
General Termsand Conditions
Introduction
These terms and conditions ("Terms") apply to browsing of GIL ("Website"). These terms are an electronic record and do not require a physical or digital signature.
General Terms
Godrej Industries Limited (“GIL”) provides information and goods and services available on this Website to you subject to these Terms, other policies specified on this Website and applicable laws.
By accessing or using this Website, you are acknowledging that you have read, understood and you agree, to be bound by these Terms including other policies referred to in it. So, it’s in your interest to read these Terms carefully.
Privacy
We may receive some information while you access the Website. We (or our authorised vendors) may have to retain such information to keep record for other legitimate purpose. We take confidential information of users seriously. We are certainly sensitive to personal information of the users. We are committed to keep confidential information of users secure by taking appropriate measures. Please read our Privacy Policy to know about what information we may collect and how we may use it.
Use of Third Party Services
We use third parties to help you have a better experience on this Website. These third parties include payment gateways, vendors helping us in logistics and content development, etc. While using this Website you may be directed to such third party websites/services. Your access or use of such third-party websites will be subject to terms and policies of those websites/third-party vendors. You may refuse to use such third-party websites or services which, however, may affect your experience of this Website. We will not be responsible for the failure of such third-party websites or vendors. We, however, may attempt to coordinate for your issue with such third-party websites/vendors on reasonable efforts basis.
Where we provide a hyperlink to a third-party website, we do so because we believe in good faith that such a website contains or may contain material which is relevant to that on our website. Such a hyperlink does not signify that GIL has reviewed or approved of the connected third-party's website or its contents. In certain instances, a hyperlink may connect you to a third-party's website containing views contrary to those expressed on our website or otherwise held by GIL.
GIL is not responsible for the content of any other website, including any website through which you may have gained access to our website or to which you may gain access from our website. We do not accept any liability in connection with any such sites or links.
Intellectual Property
All information and content available on the website, including but not limited to trademarks, logos, service marks, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, data compilations and software, and the compilation and organization thereof (collectively, the "Content") is the property of GIL, or third parties which have authorised GIL to use it.
Except as set forth in these Terms and applicable laws, you are not permitted be use, copy, modify or otherwise exploit the Content, in whole or in part, for any other purpose.
Our Representations, Warranties and Limitation of Liability
Save to the extent specifically provided for, we do not make any specific and implied warranty in respect of this Website or any product made available on it.
You agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we will not be responsible or liable (in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise), under any circumstances, for any interruption of business, access delays or interruptions to the Website. We will not be responsible for any loss or damages of any sort incurred as a result of events beyond our reasonable control as described in a clause titled as Force Majeure.
Further, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental, or consequential damages of any kind (including lost profits) related to the Website or your use thereof regardless of the form of action whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Feedback
We encourage you to share your experience with us. For any feedback, query or complaint, you may reach us at:
Tel.:
91-22-2518 8010 / 8020 / 8030
Address
Godrej Industries Limited, 4th floor, Godrej One, Pirojshanagar, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai 400 079
Your Obligations and Responsibilities
While accessing or using this Website, you shall comply with these Terms, policies, special warnings, instructions and applicable laws. You shall act always in good faith. You shall not make any change or alteration to the Website or any Content or services that may appear on this Website. You shall not do anything that might impair the integrity or operation of the Website. You also agree not to use any software robots, spiders, crawlers, data gathering / extraction tools or any program that imposes an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure / Website.
User Content
When you access, transmit, upload, post, e-mail or otherwise make available data, text, photographs, graphics, images, messages or other materials ("User Content") on the website, you are entirely and solely responsible for such User Content. You agree not to engage in or assist or encourage others to engage in transmitting, uploading, posting, e-mailing or otherwise making available on the website User Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable. In addition to the above, you agree not to transmit, upload, post, e-mail, or otherwise make available any software viruses, unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitation or promotional material, including chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam". You further agree not to impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity. You agree not to stalk or harass or encourage harassment of another, or harm any third party including harming minors in any way. You understand and take responsibility to avoid intentional or unintentional violation of any applicable local, state, national or international law; or collect or store personally identifiable data about other users.
We do not endorse or control the User Content transmitted or posted on this Website and therefore, we do not guarantee the correctness, accuracy, or quality of User Content. You understand that by using this website, you may be exposed to User Content that may be offensive, indecent or objectionable to you. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred by you as a result of the use of any User Content transmitted, uploaded, posted, e-mailed or otherwise made available via the website.
You acknowledge that we have the right (but not the obligation) in our sole discretion to refuse to post or remove any User Content and we reserve the right to change or delete any User Content. Any violation to the provision of these Terms, we have the right to remove or object to any User Content and we reserve the right to refuse service without prior notice for any users who violate these Terms.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless for any loss, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any third party claim, action, or demand resulting from your breach of these Terms.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of India without reference to conflict of laws principles and disputes arising in relation hereto shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at Mumbai.
Consent to receive notices
You agree and consent to receive from us any agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications to which these Terms refer, electronically by email or by posting notices on this Website. You agree that all such notices that we provide to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement and that all such communications be in writing in English.
Please note that this consent to receive notices is entirely separate from receiving marketing communications. Your options and preference with respect to receipt of marketing communications are set forth in our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
You acknowledge and undertake that you are accessing the services on the website and transacting at your own risk and are using your best and prudent judgment before entering into any transactions through the website. You further acknowledge and undertake that you will use the website to order products only for your personal use.
Force Majeure (events beyond our reasonable control)
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any event which is beyond our reasonable control.
General
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms, policies referred in it and commercial terms i.e. terms specific to any transaction (if any) constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between us concerning your use of the website, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements or other communications.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms or policies at any time by posting the changes on the website and providing notice of such change. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to the Website. Your continued use of the Website thereafter constitutes your agreement to all such changed Terms and policies.
Nothing contained in these Terms shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between us.
Our failure to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect our full right to require such performance at any time thereafter, nor shall our waiver of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself.
In the event that any provision of these Terms shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole but these Terms shall be modified, to the extent possible, by the adjudicating entity to most fully reflect the original intent of the parties as reflected in the original provision.
Cookie Policy
Your privacy
When you visit our any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the Website work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the Website and the services we are able to offer.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. The procedures for changing your settings and cookies differ from browser to browser.