https://www.exhibitmarketerscafe.com/privacy-security
Home » Privacy & Security
This policy was last updated on May 31, 2018.
For the purpose of this notice, the term ‘website’ refers to the site where you are reading this policy.
Privacy:
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. We recognize that you may be concerned about the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we collect about visitors (whether as a guest or registered user). By using this U.S.-based website, you accept the items outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us.
Please note: We reserve the right to revise this policy at any time. The latest version will always be posted on this site.
What information is collected?
Whenever you visit this website, certain information may be gathered, either automatically or based on your voluntary activity.
Personal data which may be collected include: Identity data (name, username and password), Contact data (phone number, billing address, mailing/delivery address, and e-mail address), Transactional data (purchase details such as credit card information and purchase history), Marketing/Communications data (your preferences for how you wish to receive communications from us and our third parties).
Aggregated (non-personal) data about how you use our website may include: your browser type, geographic location, your Internet service provider, operating system, and Internet protocol (IP) address.
How is this information collected?
We collect information from you when you provide it to us through your use of the site. Also if you communicate with us regarding another issue, we collect any information you provide within that communication. If you choose to register an account, order products/services, subscribe to our communications, request resources (paid or free), or provide blog comments/feedback, you are voluntarily providing data.
We also use automated site statistic reporting tools to record non-personal information such as your IP address, browser and operating system used, click patterns, and the dates and times of your activity on our site. These are used to help us monitor and measure our website usage and optimize the effectiveness of our marketing and communications.
We may occasionally use the contact information you provided to send notifications about products and services you may find valuable. If you have purchased a subscription service, we may also send notifications of service expiration, renewals, and related payment information.
How is this information used?
The personal information we collect is used for legitimate interests, including:
Processing and delivering your order or contract
Providing and maintaining service
Communicating with you or notifying you of changes
Allowing you to participate in interactive features of the website (commenting, sharing, etc.)
Administrating and improving our website and business (using analytics)
Delivering relevant content to you (based on what you have expressed interest in or purchased previously)
Improving your future browsing and customer experience. (For example, we may use the e-mail address you provide to send you new product announcements and other promotions.)
If you do not want to receive promotional notices from Exhibit Marketers Café or Tiffany Harbor Productions, please use the contact form to e-mail us or simply unsubscribe using the link contained within communications you receive from us. Please allow a reasonable amount of time for your request to be received and processed for removal.
Other than the credit card processing company, we do not share financial information with any other entity (in fact, your information is provided directly to them and we do not store it). Exceptions to this would be if we were ordered to do so by a government agency, to prevent harm to others, or to respond to legal requirements (such as a subpoena or court order).
We retain and use data for only as long as necessary to provide you with products, services, customer support, and comply with legal obligations. If you have willingly shared your contact information, we will store and use that until you request to remove your name from our list. You have the right to request access to your data, correct that data, or ask us to delete your data on file.
About the use of e-mail:
We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share your contact information to third parties, except as allowed to fulfill our obligations to you (mail list provider, credit card processing).
To comply with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from us provide clear details on how to contact us, as well as how to update your preferences or unsubscribe from further communications from us.
About the use of cookies:
Like other commercial websites, we use a technology known as “cookies” to collect information about site visitors. These are very small documents that store data such as the date and time of your visit, your IP address, which pages you viewed, how long you spent on the site, and what website you visited immediately before or after visiting our website. The length of time these cookies are stored depends on the type of cookie and its purpose.
Some content on the website, including advertisements, are served from third parties. Those other websites may use cookies in conjunction with other tracking technologies to collect information about you and your online activities. We do not control these third parties’ actions or how they use the technology. If you have questions, please refer to their individual policies:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
About third-party links:
We employ third-party companies to facilitate and perform various services on our behalf. These third parties have access only to the data necessary to perform these tasks, unless you choose to share more. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for the data they collect. Here are the companies we work with, along with links to their policies:
Bluehost (Web hosting & analytics)
MailChimp (e-mail list management)
WebinarJam (webinar registration)
Invanto (membership site & course registration)
Teachable (course registration)
PayPal (payment processing)
HubSpot (customer relationship management system)
Security:
The security of your personal information is important to us. Whenever we obtain personal information, we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure. But remember that no method of electronic storage is 100 percent secure. While we strive to use the highest levels of security, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to transmission errors, unauthorized third-party access, or other acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control. We are not responsible for the acts of others.
Find on Facebook
Follow on TwitterTweets by @ImageSpecialist
Join us for Virtual Lunch in the Café!Click here to learn more
+
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and display targeted advertising. Learn more about the use of cookies by reviewing our Privacy Policy. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
I agree
Do not accept