http://www.hsbc.com.au/legal/banking-code-of-practice/
Top of main content
Banking Code of Practice & other useful information
The Banking Code of Practice (Code) gives rights to individuals and small business who we deal with. The Code is part of our contract with our customers and guarantors and is legally enforceable on us.
HSBC AU
Legal & Privacy
Banking Code of Practice
Our terms and conditions
Our terms and conditions have been updated for the Code, and can be found on the web page for the relevant product or service on our website.
Inclusive and accessible banking
We are committed to providing inclusive and accessible banking, and protecting customers who may be vulnerable or may require other assistance, or who may be eligible for our low fee account, the HSBC Day to Day Account. For more information, please refer to our Inclusive and Accessible Banking fact sheet, which can be obtained here. Part 4 of the Code provides useful information on inclusive and accessible banking.
Our low fee account
Our low fee account is the HSBC Day to Day Account. If you are a Commonwealth Seniors Health Card, Health Care Card, Pensioner Concession Card or other government concession card holder you may be eligible for concession pricing with no dishonour fees or overdrawn fees charged to your HSBC Day to Day account. Where possible we will also not allow your HSBC Day to Day account to become overdrawn. If you hold any of these concession cards, please contact us via the options below.
HSBC Personal Banking new enquiries (phone): Mon - Fri, 8am - 8pm AEST Contact number: 1300 131 605, please refer here for other type of enquiries
Live chat: Mon - Fri 7am - 11pm AEST, More information can be found here
Visiting HSBC branch, HSBC branch locations can be found here
For more information on the HSBC Day to Day account, please click here
Direct debits
If you ask us, we will give you a list of direct debits and recurring payments on your accounts for up to the previous 13 months.
We will process your request to cancel a direct debit arrangement if you request us to do this. You can contact us on 1300 308 008 or go into one of our branches. Our branch locations can be found here.
If you tell us to cancel a direct debit arrangement less than 3 days before the next due payment, we may not be able to cancel that payment.
You can ask us to investigate an unauthorised direct debit and we will act to promptly assist you.
For more information on direct debits click here.
Chapter 34 of the Code provides useful information on direct debits and recurring payments.
How to close your account
If you contact us in branch, by telephone or by post to tell us you want to close your account, we’ll close your account or stop providing you with a service without charge but you’ll still have to pay any charges you’ve incurred by using the account (such as payment charges) and ensure you repay all amounts you owe us. If you have a credit card account you can also instruct us to close it via our website by clicking here. Paragraphs 141 to 145 of the Code provides useful information on account closure.
If you are in financial difficulty
If you are experiencing financial difficulty you should tell us. We may be able to assist you. Please call our Hardship Team on 1300 555 988. More information on how we deal with financial difficulty can be found here. Paragraphs 157 to 188 of the Code provides useful information on financial difficulty.
Family law disputes
Information on how we approach family law disputes can be obtained here. If you are experiencing a family law dispute please contact us on 1300 308 008 or go into one of our branches and our staff can help. Our branch locations can be found here.
Deceased Estates
This can be a very difficult time. Our Deceased Estates policy has information about what we need from representatives of deceased estates as well as options if you are a surviving account holder with a deceased person such as having the account transferred into your name. For further information please click here. Paragraphs 189 to 192 of the Code provides useful information on accounts where a customer has passed away.
Small business
A small business is a person or entity that has a trading or commercial purpose and at the time it obtains the banking service it meets all of the following:
it had an annual turnover of less than $10 million in the previous financial year; and
it has fewer than 100 full-time equivalent employees; and
it has less than $3 million total debt to all credit providers — including:
any undrawn amounts under existing loans;
any loan being applied for; and
the debt of all its related entities that are businesses.
We offer products and services to some small businesses. For further information, please visit our website.
Part 6 of the Code contains useful information for small business borrowers, as do paragraphs 157 to 188 of the Code if you are a small business experiencing financial difficulty.
If you are a guarantor
If you are guaranteeing a loan that has been made by HSBC, we’re required to give you copies of the loan contract and related mortgage, the borrower’s credit report and statement of financial position as well as other information. We are also required to give you warnings and information that you can limit that guarantee in certain circumstances, which are contained in the guarantee and indemnity document. We are also not allowed to enforce the guarantee and indemnity against you in certain circumstances.
Part 7 of the Code contains useful information for guarantors.
Your privacy
Our privacy policy can be found here. It contains information on how we collect, share and hold your personal information.
Your credit information
Our credit information policy sets out what we do with your credit information. A copy of this policy can be found here.
Copies of documents
Contact us on 1300 308 008 to obtain copies of documents relating to the product or service we provide or have provided you or your small business, or where you have guaranteed a loan with us. We will provide copies of documents in compliance with our obligations under Chapter 37 of the Code as well as under any applicable legislation.
Complaints & our Customer Advocate
If you have a complaint please contact us as soon as possible by:
calling our Customer Relations Team 24/7 on 1300 308 188 (toll free). If you are calling from overseas dial: + 61 2 9005 8181 (you may be charged by your telephone provider); or
visiting our website at https://www.hsbc.com.au/help/feedback-and-complaints/ and click on “Contact Us”;
speaking to any Branch Customer Service Manager or Branch Manager in Australia;
contacting our Customer Advocate at hsbc.customer.advocate@hsbc.com.au or
writing to us at Customer Relations Team, HSBC Bank Australia Limited, Tower 1 International Towers Sydney, 100 Barangaroo Avenue, Sydney NSW 2000.
Complaints concerning Visa debit cards can only be made by an account holder.
We also have a Customer Advocate to help facilitate fair customer outcomes and minimise the likelihood of future problems.
Part 10 of the Code contains useful information on making customer complaints.
Banking Code Compliance Committee
The Banking Code Compliance Committee (BCCC) monitors our compliance with the Code, and can investigate allegations of a breach of the Code by us, as well as serious or systemic breaches of the Code. They can be contacted on 1800 931 678 or at PO Box 14240 Melbourne VIC 3001. You can also report an alleged breach of the Code on their web site www.ccmc.org.au
ePayments Code
We warrant in our contracts with customers that we comply with the ePayments Code, which can be obtained here.
More information
A copy of the Code can be obtained here or in one of our branches. Our branch locations can be found here.
Back to top