http://www.sicpa.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Back to top
PRIVACYPOLICY
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO THE SITE WHERE IT APPEARS.
This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect online. You agree to the terms in this policy when you use this site. To download a full copy of this Privacy Policy, click here. WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM AND ABOUT YOU.Contact information. For example, we might collect your name and street address. We might also collect your phone number or email.Information you submit or post. If you post or submit content, we will collect the information you provide to us.Other information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you're using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.WE COLLECT INFORMATION IN DIFFERENT WAYS.We collect information directly from you. For example, if you register for an account or apply for a job. We also collect information if you post a comment or make a request.We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons. To control these tools, click here.We get information about you from third parties.WE USE INFORMATION AS DISCLOSED AND DESCRIBED HERE.We use information to respond to your requests or questions.We use information to improve our products and services. We might use your information to customise your experience with us.We use information to look at site trends and customer interests. We may use your information to make our website and services better. We may combine information we get from you with information about you, we get from third parties.We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, or our websites.We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might tell you about new features or products. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the choices section below.We use information to send you transactional communications. For example, we might send you emails about your account. We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms.We use information as otherwise permitted by law.WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.We will share information within the SICPA family of companies. For example, we share information with our subsidiaries and affiliates.We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who help us manage our websites. Some vendors may be located outside of Switzerland. We also share information with third parties that assist us in marketing our products or services.We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with local and international law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order. We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests.We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business was sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.YOU HAVE CERTAIN CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Do not worry! Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still be sure to send you transactional messages.You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we ? and our vendors ? use cookies and other tracking tools, please click here.You have other controls you can exercise. You can choose whether or not to share personal information. If you choose not to share, some parts of our sites and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use. If you turn off cookies or tracking tools, parts of our site and services may also not work properly.WE USE STANDARD SECURITY MEASURES. The Internet is not 100% secure. We make every effort to protect SICPA databases but cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business. When you access our websites, the following data is stored on log files: IP address, date, time, browser request and general information on the operating system and browser. We also keep information as otherwise required by Swiss law.WE STORE INFORMATION BOTH IN AND OUTSIDE OF SWITZERLAND. Certain sites and servers may be located in Switzerland and abroad. If you are outside of Switzerland, your information may be sent to Switzerland. By using our sites, and by giving us your information, you consent to such transfer. You also understand that Switzerland may potentially not provide you with as much protection as the laws of your country.WE MAY LINK TO THIRD PARTY SITES OR SERVICES WE DON?T CONTROL. If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE MORE QUESTIONS. If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns, you can email us at info@sicpa.com or fax (+41 21 627 57 27). Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email.
You can also write to us at:
SICPA HOLDING SA
Av de Florissant 41
1008 Prilly
SwitzerlandWHAT WE WILL DO IF THERE IS AN UPDATE TO THIS POLICY. From time to time we may change our privacy practices. The latest version of this policy will be posted here. Sometimes there may be a material change to this policy that we wish to apply retroactively. If so, we will notify you and obtain your consent to the extent required by law.OUR TRACKING TOOLSWE USE COMMON TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.
We or our vendors use several common tracking tools. These may include browser cookies. We may also use web beacons and similar technologies. We use these tools:
To recognise new or past customers.
To store your password if you are registered on our sites.
To improve our website.
To serve you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested. To do so, we may observe your behaviors on this website and other websites. We may also collect information about your browsing history.
To better understand the interests of our customers and our website visitors.
Other information. While you visit our website, we may collect anonymous information about your system such as screen resolution, web browser and default browser language to adapt our content to our visitors? needs. We might also look at what site you came from and which pages you visited on our servers. This data remains anonymous and will not be stored on our servers nor sold to third parties.YOU CAN CONTROL TRACKING TOOLS. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you can go here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
If you block cookies on your browser, certain features on our sites may not work.SOME ADS MAY BE SERVED BASED ON TRACKING. We may work with online advertising companies to show you relevant and useful ads. This may include ads served on our own websites or apps. This may also include our ads served on other companies? sites. These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties (for example, when you register for a site). These ads may also be based on your activities on our websites or on third party sites. This second type of advertising is called ?online behavioral advertising.?YOU CAN OPT-OUT OF ONLINE BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING. To opt out of having your online behavioral advertising, click here.
X
CONTACTSICPA
*Required fields
Please specify your request
More information about SICPA solutions
Contact with the press / media relations team
Contact with HR department
General queries
Name
First name
Last name
Email phone
Your email
Phone number
Country Company
Company / Organisation
Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Ceuta & Melilla
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo - Brazzaville
Congo - Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czechia
Côte d’Ivoire
Denmark
Diego Garcia
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao SAR China
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
North Macedonia
Norway
Oman
Outlying Oceania
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territories
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Réunion
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Barthélemy
St. Helena
St. Kitts & Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Martin
St. Pierre & Miquelon
St. Vincent & Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
São Tomé & Príncipe
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tristan da Cunha
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Outlying Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
Message
I have read and accept the terms of the
privacy policy *
Leave this field blank