http://www.musicbyarrangement.co.uk/privacypolicy.html
Music By Arrangement - Our Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect data from you when you place an order with us or contact us using the email contact form.
You can however visit our site anonymously at any time.
What do we use your information for?
We may use your information in the following ways:
To personalise your shopping experience by being able to respond to your individual requirements
To improve our service to you by evaluating feedback and information from you
To improve our customer service and technical support
To process transactions (your information both public and private will not be shared, sold, exchanged or given to any 3rd party company for any reason whatsoever without your consent, except for delivering the intended product or service that you have requested from us
To assist you in the event of a problem completing your purchase
We do not generally send out marketing emails, and therefore do not maintain a database of addresses for such a purpose.
How long do we hold your data?
Personal data relating to transactions is anonymised after seven years and your details will be removed after seven years of inactivity.
No personal data is retained by us for marketing purposes.
How do we protect and safeguard your personal information?
We have a variety of security measures in place to protect your personal information. These include electronic safeguards, such as encryption, and physical safeguards and security.
Card payments are encrypted by our secure third-party payment provider. No payment information is stored by us.
Your Consent
By using our site you consent to our Privacy Policy. If you would like to withdraw your consent, please contact us directly. Once you notify us of your request, we will respond to you as soon as possible. Wherever possible, we will anonymise all records relating to you and to your account, including all transactions and communication.
Who has access to your data?
Access to your personal data is restricted at all times. Only ourselves or trusted agents will be able to access your data. Their access and activities are restricted to the purposes outlined above. These parties are:
Us; we have direct access to your data.
Our web hosts,  4UHosting Ltd, can act on our behalf as Data Processors. This means they host our website and have access to ensure that it functions correctly.
Changes to our privacy policy?
If we decide to change or update our privacy policy, we will do so on this page.
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy.