http://www.cartech.com/en/footernavigation~Cont/legal/privacy-policy/
Carpenter - Privacy Policy
Home
Careers
Contact Us
Search
Search
CRS
CRS
4:10 PM EDT $18.88
-0.18
CRS
CRS
4:10 PM EDT $18.88
-0.18
Toggle navigation
Markets
Carpenter Additive Manufacturing
Aerospace
Consumer Products
Energy
Industrial
Medical
Transportation
Solutions
Controlled Expansion Alloys
Corrosion Resistant Alloys
Free/Improved Machining Alloys
High Hardness/Wear Resistant Alloys
High Strength Alloys
High Strength-to-Weight Ratio Alloys
High Temperature Alloys
Non-Magnetic Alloys
Magnetic Alloys
Customer Service
Contact Us
Credit Application
Quality Certifications
Raw Material Surcharges
Request For Quote
Terms and Conditions
Value-Added Services
Customer Information
In-Stock Finished Inventory
Investor Relations
Financial Reporting
Events & Presentations
News
Governance
Stock Information
Investor Inquiries
About
Business Segments
Community Relations
Quality Assurance and Quality Control
Research & Development
Home
»
Legal
Privacy Policy
Carpenter Technology Corporation recognizes the importance of your privacy to your participation in Carpenter's on-line services. We have adopted this Privacy Statement (the "Statement") to demonstrate our commitment to maintaining your privacy while on our Site; maintaining the security of your confidential information; and informing you about the use we make of information we collect about you and about the transactions you enter into on the Site. This Statement also becomes part of the agreement you make with us to use and access the Site.
As with the General Terms and Conditions, we reserve the right to update, revise or otherwise change this Statement at any time and from time to time. We will provide notice of any such changes to you, pursuant to the terms of the General Terms and Conditions Agreement. Unless otherwise defined, the capitalized words in this Statement have the definitions attached to them in the General Terms and Conditions agreement.
1. Use of Your User Information
1.1.    When you register as a User of the Site, we require you to provide us with contact information for your company, including your company's name, a contact name, contact title, a contact or general email address, phone number, and mailing address. You may also inform us about the various Users from your company who will access our Site on your behalf and what level of access each of those Users should have.
1.2.    We may use User contact information from the registration form:
1.2.1    to send Users information about Carpenter.
1.2.2    to notify Users of changes, additions, or other modifications to the General Terms and Conditions, or this Statement.
1.2.3    to alert Users to new features of the Site and to analyze use of the Site (see "Our Use of Cookies" below), to personalize messages or offerings, and to provide information and services tailored to the User's specified needs and interests.
1.2.4    to help administer and maintain the functionality of the Site, including diagnose problems with our server and trouble shooting transactional or technical problems relating to your use of the Site.
1.2.5    in aggregated form in connection with the marketing and promotion of the Site. In addition, we may disclose such information in aggregated form to certain third parties who conduct or acquire research on business or industry trends. However no individual user, company or transaction data will be identifiable in any aggregated data we release to unrelated third parties.
1.2.6    for the internal business purposes of Carpenter and its corporate affiliates or business partners, which may include, among other things, use in surveys or questionnaires, market or customer analysis and notices, for contract negotiation purposes, or in connection with proposals or offers with respect to products or services offered by Carpenter, its corporate affiliates or business partners. In addition, we may disclose aggregated or individualized information to employees, contractors or consultants of Carpenter and its corporate affiliates or business partners with a need to know such information in connection with such internal business purposes of Carpenter and its corporate affiliates or business partners.
1.3.    We will not release to unrelated third parties individually identifiable commercial or personal information related to a specific agreement or User without prior written consent of the parties involved EXCEPT
1.3.1.    we reserve the right to disclose individualized information to consultants, agents or service providers who supply analysis, advice or services for one or more of our Sites, such as web hosting, data collection or analysis, credit and collection, application or site design, etc.
1.3.2.    we may use such information for the internal purposes of Carpenter and its corporate affiliates or business partners and as otherwise provided below.
1.3.3.    we reserve the right to sell or otherwise transfer any aggregated or individualized information to an unrelated third party in connection with a merger or acquisition of Carpenter or the business to which such information applies or in the event of bankruptcy.
1.3.4.    we reserve the right to disclose information in response to a government investigation or request or in order to comply with any subpoena or other demand that we believe is or may become legally binding on us.
1.3.5.    we reserve the right to disclose information in order to enforce our rights under any contract or otherwise and we reserve the right to disclose information in connection with the defense of any lawsuit or claim.
2. Our Use of Cookies
2.1.    We use cookies and/or web bugs on certain areas of the Site. These are small computer codes used to track your use of the Web site. Cookies are downloaded to your hard disk and used to recognize and authenticate you when you return to our Web site so that you do not have to log in every time. We may also offer certain Site features that are only available through the use of a cookie or web bug. We use such technology to facilitate transactions and to ensure that Users are not required to repeatedly enter User IDs and Passwords to transact business on the Site. We also use cookies or web bugs to track certain information when you are using the Site.
2.2.    Cookies may be stored on your hard drive. Most are "session cookies," which will expire automatically when you end a session on the Site. If your browser permits you to configure it to refuse cookies, you may do so but otherwise, by agreeing to this Statement, you agree to receive and permit the use cookies as outlined in this Statement. If you do configure your browser to refuse cookies, you should be aware that you may not be able to use certain features of the Site.
2.3.    We may operate cookies or web bugs on the Site to help administer and maintain the functionality of the Site (including diagnose problems with our server and trouble shooting transactional or technical problems relating to your use of the Site), to personalize offerings or messages, to personalize messages or offerings, and to provide information and services tailored to the User's specified needs and interests, to analyze use of the Site and in connection with any of the other uses specified in Section 1 above.
3. Public Forums and Third Party Links
3.1    Any information you may disclose in a public forum message board or chat area becomes public information. We are not responsible for postings placed by users of our site and reserve the right to remove content at our discretion at any time.
3.2    We may provide links on the Site to third-party public forums, message boards and chat areas or to other third-party web sites. We do not guarantee the security of other sites, and cannot be responsible for the contents or privacy policies of other web sites.
4. Security
Carpenter has implemented appropriate multiple, industry-standard security measures to protect Users from the loss, damage, misuse, unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized modification of information provided to us. All registration details, individual data and confidential commercial information entered on our Site is secured by password protection and encryption to prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing any unauthorized user information. However, you acknowledge that despite these measures unauthorized persons may hack into or vandalize Carpenter's systems or Web site or otherwise gain access to or disclose such information and data and Carpenter shall not be liable for any such unauthorized access or disclosure.
5. Global Use
Carpenter has business activities in a number of different countries and may use and disclose any personal data in accordance with this Statement on a global basis. By using this site, you agree that your personal and commercial data may be transferred outside your home country and used and disseminated on a worldwide basis to the extent provided in this Privacy Statement. If you do not consent to the terms in this Statement, please do not use the Site.
6.  Safe Harbor Privacy Policy
Carpenter Technology Corporation is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union.  We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles with regard to our use of certain personal data.  Please review Our Safe Harbor Privacy Policy for HR Personal Data. For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor web site.
7. Corrections/Updates
We wish to try to ensure the User information provided to us is as accurate and up to date as reasonably possible. If you discover that any of the information gathered about you and your company is inaccurate or out of date, please let us know. If you wish to correct or update any information, if you have any questions about this Statement or if you believe that Carpenter has not abided by its commitments under this Statement, please contact us.
(last revised 2/26/03)
Legal
Corporate Responsibility
Safe Harbor
Terms of
Use
Carpenter Technology Corporation (NYSE: CRS) is a recognized leader in high-performance specialty alloy-based materials and process solutions for critical applications in the aerospace, defense, transportation, energy, industrial, medical, and consumer electronics markets.
Learn More »
Home
Careers
Contact Us
EMPLOYEE LOGIN
LATROBE CUSTOMER LOGIN
EMPLOYEE LOGIN
LATROBE CUSTOMER LOGIN
Legal
Corporate Responsibility
Privacy Policy
Safe Harbor
Terms of
Use
Other News
Alloy TechZone
Sitemap
Copyright © {2013} CRS Holdings Inc. All rights reserved.
FOLLOW US