https://www.lg.com/us/support/help-library/smart-share-downloads-CT10000018-1427120133847
To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
LG.com utilizes responsive design to provide a convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience from our website, please follow below instructions.If you're using Internet Explorer 9 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
Skip to Contents
Skip to Accessibility Help
HOME
SUPPORT
Help Library
Help library
Find helpful information about your LG product
Smart Share Downloads
Operation
TV Audio Video Accessories, TVs
05/30/2018
Print
Email
Copy Link
Share
Smart Share Downloads
Note: Sharing files that are not Music, Video, or Pictures (such as Spreadsheets and Text Documents) will require using Screen Sharing.
File Sharing
Screen Sharing
Learn about Smart Share, and how it works!
Click Here to Find/Download the Smart Share App That is Best for You
(download determined by the operating system of the device that you are currently viewing this page on)
LG's Official Smart Share Software (Windows Only)
Download LG's Smart Share program (Ver. 33), available for Windows.
Download for Windows
Need help Downloading, Installing, Setting Up, and Using the Smart Share PC Software?
Learn more
Note: LG's Smart Share program is not available for MAC users, please use Plex Media Server (listed below).
Plex Media Server (Windows and Mac)
Some users may prefer Plex Media Server. This option should generally only be used if you are familiar with Plex, and wish to continue using it, or if you are a MAC user.
Visit Plex.tv
Android and iOS (Mobile)
Android Download the LG TV Plus program, available for Android.
iOS Download LG TV Plus for iPhone or iPad. Compatible TVs will allow file sharing with Smart Share.
Learn More
Linux
We do not make a dedicated Linux application that supports Smart Share. However, there are several guides available online to help setup file sharing.
Simply perform a search for Linux DLNA, and choose the option that works best for you.
Google
Bing
Yahoo
Looking for help setting up and using the Smart Share App on your TV?
LG TVs Support
For the full Screen Sharing article, please visit Screen Share / Screen Mirroring - Device to TV.
Screen Sharing does not require additional software. Take a look at these videos to see how it works.
Note: Screen sharing using a Mac or iOS device requires an Apple TV Streaming device.
PC Screen Sharing Using Miracast (Windows 8.1 or higher) - webOS Video
How to Share your Windows 7 or 8 Screen on your LG webOS TV
Smartphone Screen Sharing Using MHL - webOS Video
Ryan is a Home Electronics expert and author of this help library article. Please leave him feedback below about the page.
Print
Email
Copy Link
Share
*Required question
Content Feedback
Content Feedback
1. Was this information helpful?*Required question
Please fill out the required field.
1-1. How can we improve the information?*Required question
Please fill out the required field.
2. How would you improve the information?
Characters left : 140 / 140
Submit
Thank you for your feedback!
Submission form temporarily unavailable
to
(GMT -05:00, United States of America local time)
We apologize for this inconvenience.
OK
Submit failed due to system error.Please try again.
Close
RETURN TO RESULTS
is copied.
Select Ctrl+V to paste
Close
Transfer complete.Thank your for your feedback.
Close
Related Help Library
See more
See more
Ask the Community
If this article didn’t solve your issue,try to ask the community
Go To Community
Register a Product
Get the most out of your LG product by registering!
Register Now
Parts & Accessories
Find genuine Parts andAccessories for your LG products
Shop Now
Contact LG US
Get your questions answered about product setup, use and care, repair and maintenance issues. We can help.
Ask the Community
Twitter
Facebook
LG Chatbot
Email
Telephone
Your Voice to The President
LG Chatbot
Contact Us
Feedback
Recently Viewed
There is no
recent product.
Top
Because life waits for no one, at LG USA we create consumer electronics, appliances and mobile devices that are designed to help you connect with those who matter most. Whether that means cooking a nutritious, delicious meal for your family, staying connected on-the-go, sharing your favorite photos, watching a movie with your kids or creating a clean, comfortable place to celebrate the moments that matter, we'll be there for you every step of the way.Designed with you in mind, LG products offer innovative solutions to make life good. With intuitive, responsive controls, sleek, stylish designs, and eco-friendly features, our collection gives you the power to do more at home and on the go. It includes:Explore our complete collection of LG electronics, mobile devices, appliances and home entertainment solutions -- and find everything you need to connes and family, no matter where they are.ct with your friend
Copyright © 2009-2020 LG Electronics. All Rights Reserved
LG Jeong-Do Management Ethics Hotline