http://www.natureswayfoods.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to footer navigation
Important notice
These terms apply to your use of the Natures Way Foods Limited website namely http://natureswayfoods.com ("the website").
These terms should be read in conjunction with the Privacy and Cookies Policy for the website which tells you how we collect and use personal data you provide to us or which we collect.
By accessing or using the website you confirm you have read, understood and agree to be legally bound by these terms, our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy in their entirety each time you access the website. If you do not agree to these terms, our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy, please do not use the website.
Information about us
This website is operated by Natures Way Foods Limited ("we", "us", "our").
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 02896421 and our registered office is at Park Farm, Chichester Road, Selsey, West Sussex, PO20 9HP.
Our VAT number is 892218801.
Use of the Website
You may use this website for lawful purposes only. You must not use the website in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation or which is in any way unlawful or fraudulent.
You are allowed to access, download and print the materials on this site for your own personal use only.
access or print any or all parts of the website for any commercial purpose except that you may print extracts of the website for internal business purposes;
copy (including storing and downloading), distribute, publish, alter, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise use the material on this website, either in whole or in part;
remove any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property notices;
use the website to transmit or procure the sending of any unsolicited or unauthorised spam or advertising material;
seek to interfere or damage the website or its content;
frame, harvest or link to this website or its content or use the material on this website, or any part of it, on any other website or social media platform; without first obtaining express written consent from us.You must not:
Content
The website is intended to provide general information only.
We endeavour to ensure that the material contained on the website is accurate and complete at the date first published. However, we cannot guarantee this and you should recognise that information contained on this website may become out of date over time.
We reserve the right to alter, remove or update materials and information on the website at any time without notice.
The website and the information contained in it is provided for your use "as is" without any warranty (whether express or implied) of any kind.
Availability of the Website
We reserve the right to suspend access to all or part of the website or close it indefinitely without notice. Access may be terminated or suspended either in relation to specific users or to all users.
To the extent permitted by law we accept no liability if the website becomes either temporarily or permanently unavailable.
In addition, we do not warrant that the functions or materials on, or accessed from, this website shall be uninterrupted or free from errors.
Recruitment
We do not guarantee that applying for a job on our website will lead to interviews or offers of employment.
Changes to these terms
We reserve the right to change these terms at any time without notice.
It is your responsibility to check the terms regularly in order to be aware of any changes which are made to them.
By continuing to access this website after the terms have changed, you are agreeing that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the updated terms.
Ownership of the Website
We are the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in the website and in the materials which appear on this website. This includes but is not limited to the text, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, designs, written and other material including the program and code. Our rights include trademarks, copyright, design rights and all other intellectual property rights and all our rights are reserved.
If you acquire any rights in or to the website or materials on it, you agree to assign those rights, on a worldwide basis, to us and unconditionally and irrevocably to waive all moral rights you may have acquired.
Viruses and hacking
We do not warrant that the website, its content or the server(s) that make it available are error or virus free or free of other harmful components or that your use of this website will be uninterrupted.  You are accessing this website at your own risk and to the extent permitted by law and subject to clause 13.1 we will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of viruses or other harmful material which you access from this website.
You are solely responsible for ensuring that you have suitable equipment and security and virus protection in place before using the website.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any server computer or data base connected to our website
You must not introduce viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, spyware, adware or other harmful materials to this website which may adversely affect the operation of any computer or program or this website.
Linking to and from the website
This website may contain links to sites operated by third parties. We have not reviewed and do not review such sites and are not responsible for the content of nor accept any liability howsoever arising in respect of any of such sites.
The presence of links to third party sites is not intended to and shall not constitute a recommendation by us of such sites nor of any advice or information posted on them.
If you wish to provide a hypertext or other link to or from this website, you will first need to obtain our written consent. We have sole discretion to permit or reject any such requests. Requests should be sent to WebAdmin@nwfltd.co.uk along with the following information:
the URL(s) of the web page(s) from which you are proposing to link to this website; or
the URL(s) of the web page(s) on this website to which you are proposing to link and we will consider your request.
Password
There may be sections of this website which can only be accessed by users who we have given a password.
If we do provide you with a user name and password, it is your responsibility to ensure that these details are kept confidential at all times and you must not disclose your password to any third party.
In the event that a third party gains access to your user name or password, you should notify us immediately by emailing WebAdmin@nwfltd.co.uk.  We are not liable for any loss resulting from your failure to protect the confidentiality of your user name or password.
We have sole discretion to determine whether or not to allow you access to secure areas of the website and we may suspend your access to this section of the website at any time.
We reserve the right to disable any user name and password at any time if in our opinion there is a risk of the confidentiality of the password being compromised.
Feeds
RSS FeedsWe may provide information on our website via RSS Feeds. This information is provided solely for the convenience of users and we are not responsible for its content.
TwitterA Twitter feed has been embedded into the website. This Twitter feed displays tweets placed by Natures Way Foods Limited and may also include comments made by other Twitter users.  Tweets posted by other Twitter users represent the opinion of that individual user only and are not endorsed or verified by us.
Our liability
If we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for any loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of these terms or our negligence. Loss or damage is foreseeable if they were an obvious consequence of our breach or if they were contemplated by you and us at the time you accessed or used this website and accepted these terms in doing so. We do not accept liability for any loss or damage which was not foreseeable.
To the extent we may lawfully do so we exclude liability for any implied terms and conditions including those implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
However, nothing in these terms shall affect our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or serious misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Nothing in these terms affect your legal rights as a consumer. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.
Laws
If any of the terms are or becomes invalid or contravenes any law then the remaining provisions shall not be affected.
It is intended that the website will be used by persons resident in the United Kingdom.
These Terms are governed by English law. You and we both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
No waiver shall constitute a waiver of any other terms.  No failure by us to exercise a remedy shall constitute a waiver to subsequently exercise any remedy.