http://www.aquent.com/privacy-policy/
Aquent LLC Privacy Policy
Effective April 17, 2020
Introduction. Aquent is committed to safeguarding your privacy and your rights related to the personal data we collect. In general, Aquent’s privacy practices comply with local laws and regulations and our privacy practices in different countries may vary to reflect local requirements. This website is not intended for children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. Please review this privacy notice to understand how we collect, use, share and protect your personal data.
(More Information)
This Aquent Privacy Notice applies to:
The following websites: Aquent.com, myaquent.com, thegymnasium.com, vitamintalent.com, aquentstudios.com, robohead.net, majortom.net, and other websites linking to this notice (the “Aquent Websites”)
all individuals who provide personal data, such as clients, applicants, employees, business partners, registered users of Aquent Gymnasium, Users of the Aquent Websites and others;
all locations where Aquent operates, even where local regulations do not exist; and
all methods of contact, including in person, written, via the internet, direct mail, telephone or facsimile.
Information We Collect. Most of the data we collect is provided directly by you when you apply for employment with us or for placement with our clients, inquire about our services, register with Aquent Gymnasium, register for a MyAquent account, submit information through our web forms, attend our events, or otherwise contact us by phone, email, or in person.
(More Information)
The categories of personal data we collect include:
HR Data which includes information received from employees (Talent and staff), and applicants, including data such as work history, work samples, identification information and documents, education and training, health and safety
information as well as other information.
Information received from clients, prospective clients, applicants, and website visitors which may include contact details, job title, industry, company name, IP address, and responses to voluntary questionnaires or surveys regarding your
experience with Aquent or your use of the websites.
Information received from third parties such as vendors, background screening companies, credit reference agencies, which may include information such as contact details, company number, VAT number, TIN, and bank details (which may be
personal in some instances).
In some instances, we may collect and process data that is considered a “special category of data” under applicable law. Additional data may be collected in relation to a background check or drug screen, subject to applicable laws.
Information we collect through your use of our website such as user credentials, general location data, information collected through use of cookies.
Information collected from Aquent Gymnasium registered users, including account registration information, and history of coursework and certifications.
Use of Collected Data.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, or a purpose we reasonably consider compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you.
(More Information)
Aquent uses personal data to:
communicate with you,
find employees and applicants temporary or direct hire positions with our clients,
inform you of Aquent, affiliated companies and partner services, products, promotions and events in which you might be interested,
maintain a record of your course work and certifications if you participate in Aquent Gymnasium,
bill clients and pay service providers
inform Aquent and its affiliates’ business purposes such as data analysis, audits, to improve and develop our services and websites,
comply with employment and other applicable laws and government regulations,
provide employee benefits.
For additional information on the data we collect and the purposes for which it is collected, please click here.
Cookies. Aquent uses cookies to help us personalize, secure, and improve the performance of our websites and services.
(More Information)
Cookies are small text files that we place on the device you use to access our websites and services. Most internet browsers permit a user to accept, decline or delete cookies. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our websites. click here to view our cookies policy and to adjust your cookies settings.
How we protect your data. Aquent takes reasonable security measures such as password protections, encryption, physical security controls and other precautions as we deem appropriate to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
(More Information)
Employees authorized to access personal data of others are required to take the appropriate safeguards to protect the personal data. Some information gathered on the Aquent websites is encrypted with secure socket layer (SSL) encryption. Where Aquent deems encryption unnecessary, website users are so informed. All information collected from website users by Aquent is stored on servers hosted in a physically secure environment Website users are required to keep their Aquent passwords confidential. Users should advise Aquent immediately if they believe their passwords have been compromised.
Questions about the security of your data should be directed to privacy@aquent.com
Disclosure Of Your Personal Data. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, we do not disclose to or share your personal data with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so. We do not sell or rent your personal data to any third parties.
(More Information)
Aquent may disclose personal data as follows:
To Aquent Clients and Managed Services Providers: Aquent may disclose information, such as work history, education, skills and other relevant information needed for clients to assess you for a temporary or direct hire
position, and as necessary if you are assigned to or hired by such client
To our Parent and affiliated companies for marketing, data analysis and improvement of services offered by our family of companies.
Third Party Service Providers: Aquent may from time to time, outsource some or all operations of our business to third-party service providers. Entities with which Aquent partners for special projects or initiatives are
provided with the minimum amount of information needed for the purpose of accomplishing their tasks and we restrict how such service providers may access, use and disclose your data.
Agents: Aquent works with other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf. Examples include processing compensation, providing employee benefits, and performing legal and other professional services.
These agents have access to personal data needed to perform their functions, but they are contractually bound to restrict their use to the purposes for which they have been retained by Aquent.
Business Transfers: If Aquent sells or buys any business or assets, Aquent may disclose personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, and personal data may be among the assets transferred.
Any acquirer of such assets may continue to use your personal data as set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Legal Investigations and requests: Aquent may disclose personal data to law enforcement agencies or other governmental agencies when required to do so or when Aquent in good faith believes it is necessary in order to
comply with legal obligations.
Protection of Aquent and others: Aquent may release data when we believe release is appropriate to enforce or apply our policies and agreements, or protect the rights, property or safety of Aquent, our employees, or
others. This does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personal data for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments in this Privacy Notice.
Choice and additional Rights. You may have additional rights with respect to your personal data. More information about the availability of additional rights and choices can be found at the links below.
European Privacy Rights (GDPR)
California Privacy Rights
Direct Marketing. We may use your contact information to send you email messages regarding services, events, opportunities and information we believe to be relevant to you based upon our relationship with you. You can opt out of our promotional or marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any such promotional or marketing email or by sending an email indicating your desire to opt out of such future promotional or marketing emails to unsubscribe@aquent.com.
You cannot opt out of administrative or transactional emails.
Privacy Shield Participation.
Aquent complies with Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and European Union member countries. For more information, please view our Privacy Shield Notice.
To learn more about Privacy Shield and to view Aquent’s certification please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Data Retention and Integrity. We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary in connection with our relationship with you, to provide you with the services requested, or for other necessary purposes such as compliance with a law, regulation or other legal authority, or as is otherwise permitted to be maintained for other legal purposes, such as audit, security, fraud prevention, or preserving and defending Aquent’s legal rights.
(More Information)
We encourage you to promptly update personal data previously provided to us if it changes so that Aquent can maintain accurate data about you. You may contact Aquent to update the content and accuracy of your information. Registered users of the Aquent website have access to their individual information and may update or correct it at any time. Although you may change your data, Aquent may retain in backup or inactive files containing the uncorrected or outdated data. Such data may be retained for several reasons, including backups for disaster recovery planning, dispute resolution purposes, troubleshooting, and enforcement of agreements. Therefore, you should not expect that all your historical data will be removed from our databases at the time you notify us of changes. Aquent reserves the right to correct personal data to make it current and consistent with data directly provided by you -- for example, when you update your address on your resume but not elsewhere.
Third Party Websites. Aquent may provide links to the websites of a limited number of third parties. This Privacy Notice applies to the Aquent websites, not to third party websites. Aquent is not responsible for the content, reliability, security, or privacy practices of these third-party websites.
Updates to this Privacy Notice. Aquent may update this Privacy Notice from time to time by posting a new version on our website.
(More Information)
Aquent will post our revised Privacy Notice on our website and update the effective date above to reflect the date of the changes. If we make significant changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as, prominently posting a notice of such changes on our websites, providing notice of the change through our online portals, or by directly contacting you.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
Aquent LLCAttention: Privacy Officer501 Boylston StreetBoston MA 02116Email: privacy@aquent.com