https://www.acm.org/privacy-policy
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Home
ACM Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
How we protect the privacy of our members and community
ACM Privacy Policy
The Association for Computing Machinery ("ACM", "we", "us" or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy of its members and other individuals with whom it interacts.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how we use and maintain the privacy of personal information we collect online in connection with the acm.org web site (the "Web Site"). For the purposes of any applicable data protection laws (including the EU General Data Protection Regulation), the data controller in relation to your personal information is the Association for Computing Machinery, 1601 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10019-7434.
This Policy will apply to personal information ACM collects or otherwise receives about third parties ("you"), including ACM members ("Members"), when you use our Web Site or otherwise engage with us. Personal information which is provided to us, or otherwise obtained by us, from which you can be identified ("Personal Information") will only be used in the manner set out in this Policy. By visiting and/or contacting us through the Web Site (or otherwise engaging with us), you need to be aware that we may collect, use and transfer your Personal Information in the manner described in this Policy.
1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
ACM only collects Personal Information that is relevant to its activities and seeks to ensure the Personal Information is accurate and up-to-date. Personal Information collected by ACM may include: your name, address and contact details, including your email address and telephone number, age range, gender, whether you identify as a member of an underrepresented group, and if you have a disability. The Personal Information that ACM collects and that you provide to us may occasionally be used to improve our Web Site and wider offerings (on a confidential basis) or to enable us to comply with our legal obligations. Aside from this we will only use your personal Information for staying in touch with you (as described in more detail below) and generally for the purposes for which you provided it, including in order to:
process your request to join ACM as a member, and for the renewal and update (and general administration) of your membership;
process orders and supply the products and/or services you have requested and to provide information or support to you in respect of those products and/or services;
process your application and registration for a conference, contest or other activity.
Member Databases
ACM maintains member databases that contain mailing, billing, and Member profile information (such as your name, address and contact details), as well as a record of each Member's product and service purchases. ACM also maintains databases of Member and non-member purchases and of registrations for conferences and other ACM activities. The information in these databases is used by authorized ACM staff members to process orders; mail invoices, purchases, renewal notices, and announcements; respond to Member inquiries; and help us improve our offerings. Member records are maintained as long as an individual is an ACM member and for two years following a membership lapse. Purchases and credit card transactions are retained for as long as required to meet contractual, tax, or auditing needs.
All personally identifiable information contained in ACM membership, purchase, and registration databases is treated as confidential and will be used only for the purposes stated in this Policy, except where required by law.
ACM Emails
From time to time, ACM may send emails to Members or other visitors to the Web Site, such as:
"Must Have" messages that help to service ACM Members including answers to Member questions; acknowledgments of the receipt of membership applications, renewal notices, and other orders;
Occasional "Member Update" announcements about ACM services that we believe to be of some importance to Members. These announcements are short, straightforward messages that contain pointers to online resources where members can explore the information more fully;
Email messages that are a part of a program for which a Member has registered (e.g. an ACM Digital Library early alert email system); and
Where we have the consent of Members or users, emails targeted at specific ACM groups and which are on distribution lists (e.g. special interest group members, chapter officers, etc.). Only ACM headquarters staff can create and support "acm.org" email distribution lists.
ACM does not sell, rent, or exchange email addresses of its Members and customers. If at any time you decide that you no longer wish to receive any of the emails described above, you may do so by using the "unsubscribe" instructions set out at the bottom of each email.
ACM Web Accounts
Some portions of the ACM Web Site, specifically the ACM Digital Library, require an ACM Web Account for both Members and visitors. To create an account, ACM Members and customers must provide their name, Member number (if applicable), and email address. They are assigned a "username" (which they may change) and asked to create a password and provide the day and month of their birth (for account verification purposes).
Non-members are asked for their name and email address when they create their account. ACM may send information about ACM products and services which we think may be of interest to non-member ACM Web account holders via email. If at any point you decide that you do not want to receive these emails, you may do so by using the "unsubscribe" instructions set out at the bottom of each email.
Postal Mail
ACM also sends information to its Members via post, using the address details provided by Members via the Web Site when they join. ACM provides two postal mailing list options to its Members, as follows:
ACM Subscription & Renewal Notices: receive only products subscribed to plus renewal invoices.
ACM Announcements: information about ACM's Member Value Plus Program (a program offering discounts on products and services other than ACM's.
You can withdraw your consent to us sharing your Personal Information with our Member Value Plus Program partners in this way at any time. To do so, or to otherwise update your postal tolerance, you will need to contact ACM's Member Services Department by phone: +1-212-626-0500, 1-800-342-6626, fax: +1-212-944-1318, or email: acmhelp@acm.org. You can also go to myacm.acm.org.
2. Technical Personal Information
Other than in the restricted-access portions of the Web Site that require an ACM Web Account, ACM does not log the identity of visitors. However, we may keep access logs, for example containing a visitor's IP address and search queries. We may analyze log files periodically to help maintain and improve our Web Site and enforce our online service polices. ACM only uses analytical cookies and does not use any user-specific targeting cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letter and numbers that is placed on your device. Cookies are only set by ACM when you visit restricted portions of our Web Site and help us to provide you with an enhanced user experience. Raw log files are treated as confidential.
Information collected about ACM Web account usage (including logs of Web pages visited, searches performed, and Digital Library content downloaded) will be stored in an anonymized form and used to improve the ACM Digital Library and other ACM Web offerings.
3. Third Parties
From time to time, we may share Personal Information about ACM Members and customers with third parties where we have your explicit consent or it is necessary (i) for the performance or provision of the goods or services you have requested, (ii) in response to valid legal process (for example, a search warrant, subpoena, or court order), or (iii) our legitimate business interests.
Third parties with whom your Personal Information may be shared include outside contractors, auditors, consultants, and others hired by ACM to assist in carrying out financial or operational activities. ACM informs these third parties about safeguarding personal information, and requires them to use it only for an authorized purpose consistent with this Policy, and to return it to ACM or destroy it upon completion of the activity.
Conversely, ACM may receive Personal Information from these third parties that they collect from you in the course of any engagement you have with them. Where this is the case, once ACM is holding your Personal Information it will be treated in accordance with this Policy.
4. Global Transfer of Personal Information
The Personal Information you provide to ACM will be transferred to and stored on servers in the United States of America, and we take steps to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
ACM is an international organization and in using and processing your Personal Information, it may on occasion be transferred to, stored and/or processed by our offices located outside of your country of residence. Similarly, ACM may also transfer your Personal Information from your country of residence in connection with our use and retention of your Personal Information as described in this Policy. By submitting your Personal Information, you are acknowledging this transfer, storage and processing. As ACM recognizes the importance of data security, we require all of our offices to handle your data in accordance with this Policy or equivalent data protection provisions, subject to their compliance with local law requirements.
5. Links
Our Web Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the web sites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these web sites, please note that these web sites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Information to these web sites.
6. Security
The security of personal information is important to ACM. ACM maintains all personal data with technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect against loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification, and improper disclosure. No computer system or information can ever be fully protected against every possible hazard. ACM provides reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect personal information against foreseeable hazards.
7. Changes to this Policy
Any changes we may make to this Policy in the future will be posted on our Web. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are aware of the latest version of this Policy and by continuing to use our Web Site or otherwise engage with us, you will be deemed to accept any revised terms.
8. Updating your Personal Information
You can find out what Personal Information ACM holds about you by contacting us at dpo@acm.org. In the event that any of the Personal Information we hold about you is incorrect, you can ask us to update it or remove it.
ACM Members may access the Personal Information contained in their membership records and correct and update their member profile and mailing information by logging into myACM and clicking on the "My Contact Information" link at left. For further assistance please contact ACM's Member Services Department by phone: +1-212-626-0500, 1-800-342-6626, fax: +1-212-944-1318, or email: acmhelp@acm.org.
9. Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy should be sent to privacy@acm.org.
For more information about ACM's management of personal data, contact us at dpo@acm.org.
ACM's Official Social Media Policy
ACM regards social network platforms as essential channels for communicating with members and the computing community at large. Here are a set of guidelines, policies, and best practices to inform the use and management of ACM social media accounts across major social networks.
Cookie Notice
Cookie Declaration
Review and change your cookie consent at any time, through the Cookie Declaration page.
Why I Belong to ACM
Hear from Bryan Cantrill, vice president of engineering at Joyent, Ben Fried chief information officer at Google, and Theo Schlossnagle, OmniTI founder on why they are members of ACM.
Get Involved with ACM
ACM is a volunteer-led and member-driven organization. Everything ACM accomplishes is through the efforts of people like you. A wide range of activities keeps ACM moving: organizing conferences, editing journals, reviewing papers and participating on boards and committees, to name a few. Find out all the ways that you can volunteer with ACM.
Publish Your Work
Publish with ACM
ACM's prestigious conferences and journals are seeking top-quality papers in all areas of computing and IT. It is now easier than ever to find the most appropriate venue for your research and publish with ACM.
Career Resource
Lifelong Learning
ACM offers lifelong learning resources including online books from O'Reilly, online courses from Skillsoft, TechTalks on the hottest topics in computing and IT, and more.
Premier Resource
Bringing You the World’s Computing Literature
The most comprehensive collection of full-text articles and bibliographic records covering computing and information technology includes the complete collection of ACM's publications.
Guiding Members with a Framework of Ethical Conduct
Learn more about ACM’s commitment to ethical standards: the ACM Code of Ethics, Software Engineering Code of Ethics and Professional Practice, and Committee on Professional Ethics (COPE), which is guiding these and other intiatives.