http://www.jimmathis.com/privacy-policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.jimmathis.com and James Mathis and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to James Mathis include www.jimmathis.com and James Mathis. The James Mathis website is a ecommerce site. By using the James Mathis website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of your Personal Information We do not collect personally identifiable information from our users. James Mathis encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from James Mathis so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. James Mathis is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the James Mathis website. Automatically Collected Information Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by James Mathis. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the James Mathis website. Security of your Personal Information James Mathis secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. James Mathis uses the following methods for this purpose:       - SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. Children Under Thirteen James Mathis does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. Opt-Out & Unsubscribe We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from James Mathis by contacting us here: - Web page: www.jimmathis.com
- Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. - Phone: 404-922-8199 Changes to this Statement James Mathis will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. James Mathis encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how James Mathis is protecting your information. Contact Information James Mathis welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that James Mathis has not adhered to this Statement, please contact James Mathis at: James Mathis 12472 Lake Underhill Rd #322 Orlando, Florida 32828 Email Address: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Telephone number: 888-688-0220 Effective as of July 1, 2017
Where would you like to go?
Why Meeting Planners Choose Jim?
Are You a Chamber Executive?
What Do Clients Say?
Where Can I See More Articles?
Reinventing Leadership in a Crisis- Click here
Toggle Bar