https://www.mdh-uk.co.uk/about-us/privacy-policy/
01280 845530
info@mdh-uk.co.uk
Quote web10 for 10% off first order
About
Panic or Lone Working Alarm System Upgrade FAQS
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Alarm Products
Sectors
Latest News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our sites https://www.customdesigntechnologies.com/ and https://www.mdh-uk.co.uk/ are operated by Custom Design Technologies (CDT). We are a plastic enclosure manufacturer offering custom assembly, membrane keypads and lone worker alarms in the UK. We have an office in Brackley, Northamptonshire.
Please contact us using the details below if you have any questions on these terms or the service that we provide. All references to “us” or “we” through this policy are to CDT.
Legal compliance
We take compliance with our legal duties in respect of your personal data seriously and are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and cookie policy) explains how we use any personal data we collect from you through this website or otherwise.
What information we may collect from you
We may collect and process certain information whenever you interact with us. For example, information may be collected when you send us feedback, complete an enquiry form, download software, request a service or engage in certain other activities on our site. The information we collect will depend on the device that you use and your privacy settings, but may include the following data about you:
any information that you provide by filling in one of our enquiry or other forms on our site. We may also ask you for information if you report a problem with our site. Such information may consist of: your name, your contact details, any other information that you provide to us through our site
a record of any correspondence may be kept if you contact us;
details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access;
information that you provide to us during the course of any work that we may carry out on your behalf;
information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual. To do this we use ‘analytical’ cookies. For further information on this, please refer to our separate cookie policy.
We process this data based on our legitimate business interests in developing and improving our services as well as in marketing and delivering our services to you.
It is possible that information that we have previously collected from your interactions will become identifiable as related to you once you provide personally identifiable information to us, as will all future interactions with our site.
How we use your data
We use your information solely for the purposes of providing relevant content and services requested by you as set out below and for such other purposes as are specified when additional data is collected:
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that our site’s content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to provide you by post or email with information or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so;
to notify you by post or email about changes to our service;
to carry out or process any instructions given by you to us; and
to keep you updated with news and details of our services.
Who we may share your data with
We may disclose your personal information to any other third parties:
to third parties processing your personal information on our behalf
if the business of CDT or any of its assets are sold or transferred to a third party, in which case we may disclose your personal data to such third party and your personal data may be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use, terms and conditions of supply or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of CDT, our clients, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Security of data
Protecting any personal data that you share with us is a priority and we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access by outside parties. For example:
we store your personal data on secure servers
access to your personal data is limited to authenticated and approved staff.
While we will use reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. Transmission of any personal information is at your own risk.
Transfer of your data outside of the European Economic Area
We will not transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
Your rights
You have the right to request access to personal data that we may process about you. If you wish to exercise this right, you should:
put your request in writing
include proof of your identity and address (e.g. a copy of your driving licence or passport, and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
specify the personal data you want access to, including any account or reference numbers where applicable.
You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. If you wish to exercise this right, you should:
put your request in writing;
provide us with enough information to identify you; and
specify the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with.
In certain circumstances you have the right to require us to erase personal data that we may process about you. If you wish to exercise this right, you should:
put your request in writing;
provide us with enough information to identify you; and
If you have any concerns or questions as to the way in which we process your information please do contact us. In addition, you have a right to bring a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. More information on the Information Commissioner’s Office and your rights is available at www.ico.org.uk.
Marketing and opting-out
We will only contact you by post, email, or phone about our services or promotions where there is a legitimate business interest to do so. If you prefer us not to contact you, you can opt out at any time on the contact details below.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. We do not control any information that is collected by such third parties and you should satisfy yourself as to how such third parties may use your data.
Retention of Data
Your data will be kept until you ask us to remove it.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you use our site.
Contact us
To contact us please use the contact details on the site. Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Ian Watson.
Contact Us
t: 01280 845530
f: 01280 706900
e: info@mdh-uk.co.uk
MDH Wireless Technologies
Unit B, Nigel Court
Buckingham Road Industrial Estate
Brackley
Northants
NN13 7LF
Alarm Products
Lone Worker Alarm
Panic Alarm
Pool Alarm
Leisure Centre Alarm
Alarm Support
Warranty Information
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Follow
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled
Home
About Us
Alarm Products
Sectors
Latest News
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us