http://www.themetraders.com/privacy
Privacy
GENERAL
This privacy policy sets out how Theme Traders Limited uses and protects the personal data of customers, prospective customers and third parties (your personal information).
Theme Traders Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and follows the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Please ensure you read this policy and any other similar notices we may provide to you from time to time when we collect or process personal information about you. This privacy policy contains important information on who we are, how and why wecollect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and appropriate regulating authorities in the event you have a complaint.
WHO WE ARE
Theme Traders Limited collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the United Kingdom (and theEuropean Union) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ and/or ‘processor’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
References to ‘we’ or ‘us’ means Theme Traders Limited.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect your personal information in the following ways:• when you have entered your personal information into forms on this website
• when you contact us directly by telephone or email, including your unsolicited approaches to us;
• when you contact us via LiveChat or Instant Messaging services
• when you contact us via Social Media
• when you give us your business card(s) or contact details
• when a third party has arranged your introduction to us, or otherwise facilitated email communication.
• when you apply for a jobwith us
JOB APPLICATIONS & YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you apply for a job with us Theme Traders Limited is the data controller for the information you provide during the process unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your informationplease contact us at mailroom@themetraders.com.
All of the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.
We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physicalformat.
We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don’t.
We also use third parties to assist with our recruitment services (recruitment agencies). They may share your information with us subject to the terms of their own privacy policy. We do not need share your personal information with them (as they willalready have it).
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
In the course of delivering our products and services and any other relevant activities, we collect some or all of the following personal information:• Name(s), Postal Address(es), Telephone Number(s) and Email Address(es)
• Demographic information such as preferences and interests
• Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We seek to ensure that our collection of personal information is always proportionate.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will typically collect and use this information for the following purposes:• For the performance of an agreement you have with us or our client and pursuant to which we are appointed as their supplier.
• For the purposes of our legitimate business interests or those of a third party, but only if these are notoverridden by your interests, rights or freedoms.
We seek to ensure that our use of personal information is always proportionate.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH
We routinely share the following categories of personal information:• Name, Address, Telephone Numbers, Email addresses
• Other demographic information such as preferences and interests
• Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
This personal information may be shared with the following categories of recipients:• Accountants, Solicitors, Debt Collections Agencies, Contractors and Freelance Staff, IT Support and Website Hosting & Support.
This data sharing enables us to perform our duties in delivering our products and services and is for the purposes of our legitimate business interests.
We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party.
WHERE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE HELD
Information may be held at our offices and those of our group companies, and third-party agencies, service providers, representatives and agents as described above.
We also use a number of third-party providers.• For Social Media we use a third-party provider, Hootsuite, to manage our social media interactions. If you send us a private or direct message via social media the message will be stored by Hootsuite. For more information,please see Hootsuite’s privacy policy.
• For Online Advertising we may occasionally use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise across the Internet. AdWords remarketing willdisplay relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your internet browser. The cookie does NOT in any way identify you or give access to your device. If you do not wish to participatein Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google’s Ads Preferences Manager. We may also use a Facebook tracking cookie to monitor the performance of our paid advertisingactivity. We use this information to help us determine where our adverts will be most effective online. The cookie does NOT in any way identify you or give access to your device.
• For Email Marketing we use a third-partyprovider, MailChimp, to deliver our emails. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our communications. For more information, please seeMailChimp’s privacy policy.
• To help maintain Website Security & Performance we use a third-party service. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to our website.
We have security measures in place to seek to ensure that there is appropriate security for information we hold.
HOW LONG YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL BE KEPT
We will hold personal information for the period of time we deliver products and services and until there is no foreseeable legitimate business interest with you, or until you have exercised your right for your personal information to be removed fromour systems.
We also routinely delete some personal information from our systems before that data is two years old. This includes form submissions sent via our website.
THE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH WE COLLECT, STORE AND USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain and use your personal information for our legitimate business interests.
YOUR RIGHTS
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge, including rights to:• fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
• access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Policy is already designed to address
• require us to correct any mistakes in your personal information which we hold
• require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
• object at any time to processing of personal information concerningyou for direct marketing
• object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
• otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
• and other relevantrights set out in the General Data Protection Regulation
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individual’s rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please email, call or write to us using the details found in the section below. Let us have enough information to identify you which will include your full name, address and property address. It is likelythat we will also require proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill). Please let us know the information to which your request relates, including any account or referencenumbers, if you have them.
WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER AND ITS REGULATOR?
The Data Controller is Theme Traders Limited, Production Village, Turpins Yard, Oaklands Road, London, NW2 6LL and can be contacted at mailroom@themetraders.com or on telephonenumber + 44 (0) 20 8452 8518.
The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it.Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
We store your personal information in access-controlled systems on servers hosted in the European Economic Area. Within Theme Traders Limited, your personal information is shared amongst only those employees who need to knowyour personal information.
HOW TO COMPLAIN
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of dataprotection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website contains links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsiblefor the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice was published on 25th May 2018 and last updated on 25th May 2018.
Theme Traders Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. Please check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
DO YOU NEED EXTRA HELP?
If you would like this notice in another format (for example: audio, large print, braille) please contact us using the following information:• mailroom@themetraders.com
• + 44 (0) 20 8452 8518
• Theme Traders Limited, Production Village, Turpins Yard, Oaklands Road, London, NW2 6LL
Prop Hire
Prop Hire
Self Select and Collect
Bespoke Services
Prop Making & Sculpting
Set Building
Woodwork & Carpentry
Branding & Signage
Costumes & Textiles
Location Spaces
What’s On
About Us
Our Work
Blog
Contact
Thank you
Your prop hire list has been sent to the Theme Traders team.
We will get back to you shortly with your quote, please keep an eye on your inbox!
If you'd like to speak to us about your prop hire requirements,
please call us on +44 (0) 20 8452 8518.
Prop Hire Enquiry
When you have added all the items you require to your list, submit your enquiry and we will get back to you with a quote ASAP.
Your quote enquiry list is empty
First Name:*
Last Name:*
Email:*
Contact Number:
Company:
Event Style:
Comments:
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Clear Basket
Online payment
Please make sure you have sent us written confirmation with exact invoice details and that we have recieved it.
Please also refer to our Terms & Conditions which apply to all orders.
Enter order details:
e.g. "Order or Invoice Number"
Enter amount:
I agree with Terms & Conditions
Cookie & privacy information
Cookie control
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
You can use this tool to change your cookie settings. Otherwise, we'll assume you're OK to continue.
I'm fine with this
Information and Settings
Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to work.
Enable essential cookies
We also use some non-essential cookies for website statistics purposes (counting visits to our website) and marketing purposes.
Enable statistics cookies
Enable marketing cookies
To control third-party cookies, you can also adjust your browser settings.
Done