https://www.geddesfederal.com/privacy-policy/
Effective immediately, the Manlius branch and the main Westvale Plaza lobbies are closed. Originators and Customer Service representatives are “by appointment only." Doors remain open for teller transactions. Please call 315-468-6281 to make an appointment or contact us online. Update from the Geddes Federal CEO.
Privacy Policy
FACTS WHAT DOES GEDDES FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why? Financial institutions choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.  This information can include:
Social Security number and income account balances and payment history credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How? All financial institutions need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday businesses.  In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Geddes Federal Savings and Loan Association chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information Does Geddes Federal Savings share? Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus. YES NO
For our marketing purposes -to offer our products and services to you YES NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies NO NO
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -information about your transactions and experiences NO NO
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -information about your creditworthiness NO NO
For non-affiliates to market to you NO NO
Questions? Call (315) 468-6281
Who we are
Who is providing this notice? Geddes Federal Savings and Loan Association
What we do
How does Geddes Federal Savings protect my personal information
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Geddes Federal Savings collect my personal information? We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or deposit money pay your bills or apply for a loan use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness affiliates from using your information to market to you sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
We have no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
We do not share with nonaffiliates.
Joint Marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
We do not market jointly with nonaffiliates.
Calculate
Mortgage
Loan
Savings
Mortgage Calculator
Amount ($)
Term (months)
Interest Rate (%)
Calculate
Monthly Payment
Loan Calculator
Amount ($)
Term (months)
Interest Rate (%)
Calculate
Monthly Payment
Savings Calculator
Starting Balance ($)
Monthly Deposit ($)
Interest Rate (%)
Compounded
Monthly Quarterly Semiannually Annually
Number of Years
Calculate
Balance after
years
2.626
% Annual Percentage Rate
14 Year Bi-Weekly Mortgage Rate Special
View All Mortgage Rates
2.385
% Annual Percentage Rate
5/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) Special
View All Mortgage Rates
1.00
% Annual Percentage Yield
65 Month Certificate of Deposit Special
65 Month Certificate of Deposit Special
0.800%
% Annual Percentage Yield
20 Month Certificate Special
View all Savings & Checking Rates...
Help us Collect New Blankets & Books
For HW Smith School
–
The Goal is to give every student a new* Blanket and Book to take home before Holiday Break…
read more…
Victory for Veterans Inc.
–
Geddes Federal employees recently donated to the "Victory for Veterans Inc.". Geddes Federal employees donated dollars to dress down on a recent Tuesday.  Funds raised were matched by Geddes Federal. The donation was then provided to the Victory for Veterans Inc. in support of their mission and Vete…
read more…
More News
Consumer & Fraud Alerts
COVID-19 Related Fraud Scams Increasing
–
A Federal Bureau of Investigation public service announcement warns that scammers are leveraging the COVID-19 pandemic to steal money and personal identification information.
read more…
Important Message about the Equifax Breach
–
Click here to learn some simple things you can do immediately to protect yourself from fraudulent activity.
read more…
More Consumer & Fraud Alerts...
This link will take you from Geddes Federal's website to a third-party location that is not controlled by Geddes Federal Savings & Loan Association. Please note that this new site may have a different policy on privacy, cookies, data collection and other issues. Geddes Federal Savings does not monitor content on third-party websites and does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, guarantees, privacy policy, security, and products and services that are offered or expressed on them. Are you sure you want to continue?
Continue Cancel