http://www.mwsseeds.com/privacy-policy
815-698-2204
2737 N 700 E Rd. Ashkum, IL 60911
Home
Services
About
Contact
815-698-2204
2737 N 700 E Rd. Ashkum, IL 60911
Other Pages Slider
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 3, 2020
INTRODUCTION
MWS Seeds, LLC (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website [www.mwsseeds.com] ( the “Site”). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
PERSONAL DATAPersonally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us [when you register with the Site, or] when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site, such as online chat and message boards. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site.
DERIVATIVE DATAWe receive technical information when you use our Site. We use these technologies to analyze how people use our Site, to improve how our Site functions, to save your log-in information for future sessions, and to serve you with advertisements that may interest you. We and our third party service providers, including analytics and third party content providers, may automatically collect certain information from you whenever you access or interact with the Site. This information may include, among other information, the browser and operating system you are using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to the Service, the search terms you entered into a search engine that led you to the Site, areas within the Site that you visited, which links you clicked on, which pages or content you viewed and for how long, other similar information and statistics about your interactions, such as content response times, download errors and length of visits to certain pages and other information commonly shared when browsers communicate with websites. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve the services we offer you, and to improve marketing, analytics, and site functionality. The information we collect also includes the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or other unique device identifier (“Device Identifier”) for any device (computer, mobile phone, tablet, etc.) used to access the Service. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned or connected to the device you use to access the Site, and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access the Service.
COOKIESMWS Seeds, LLC and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, and service providers use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use both persistent cookies that remain on your computer or similar device (such as to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site and to track your compliance with the MWS Seeds Terms of Service) and session ID cookies, which expire at the end of your browser session (for example, to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how Site Users interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Site Users and web traffic routing on the Site). You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functionality of the Site.
MOBILE DEVICE DATADevice information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site from a mobile Device.
THIRD-PARTY DATAInformation from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant the Site permission to access this information.
DATA FROM CONTESTS, GIVEAWAY, AND SURVEYSPersonal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways and/or responding to surveys.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use information collected through the Site to provide and improve the Site, process your requests, prevent fraud, provide you with information and advertising that may interest you, comply with the law, and as otherwise permitted with your consent.
USE OF INFORMATION
To provide and improve the Service, complete your transactions, address your inquiries, process your registration, verify the information you provide is valid, and for compliance and internal business purposes.
To contact you with communications and newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, with your submission of permission, and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you are free to unsubscribe.
To enforce and comply with the law, including to conduct an investigation, to protect the property and rights of MWS Seeds or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, fraudulent, unethical or legally actionable activity. We may also use Device Identifiers to identify Site Users.
For the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent, and as further described in this Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
BY LAW OR TO PROTECT RIGHTSIf we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERSWe may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONSWith your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERSIf you interact with other users of the Site, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs.
ONLINE POSTINGSWhen you post comments, contributions or other content to the Site, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site in perpetuity.
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERSWe may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information about your visits to the Site and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services ofinterest to you.
AFFILIATESWe may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
OTHER THIRD PARTIESWe may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
SALE OR BANKRUPTCYIf we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. When you submit sensitive information via the Site, your information is protected both online and offline. If and wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card or personal identification data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a “lock” icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Site. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy. Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. If you set the DNT signal on your browser, we will respond to such DNT browser signals
YOUR CHOICE AND RIGHTS
You have certain choices regarding how we may communicate with you. Registered Site Users may update their choices regarding the types of communications you receive from us through your online account. You also may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Site (for example, administrative and service announcements) via email and other means and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from receiving marketing communications. All Users may request access to or correction of any Personal Information we have about them or close their account and/or request deletion of all Personal Information we have about them. In certain jurisdiction, Users may have certain rights with regard to their Personal Information. We will honor User requests to the extent we can reasonably do so and as required by law, but some information will remain on the Site, such as information you posted publicly.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through our website.
Privacy Policy
©
MWS Seeds LLC. All Rights Reserved. Website
Designed and Developed by