https://www.bisbellmagnets.com/cookie-policy
+44 (0)1283 531000
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
About Us
Magnetic Sheet
Product Selector
White Sheets
Colours
Adhesive Backed
Plain
SRA3 Sheets
Cut Sheets/Labels
Slit Magnet
Special Offer
Show All Magnetic Sheet
Ferro Materials
Product Selector
HD Ferro Sheet (PET/PP)
Dry Wipe Ferro Sheet
White Ferro Sheet
Adhesive Backed Ferro Sheet
Plain Ferro Sheet
Blackboard/Greenboard
Cut Sheets
Liquid Chalk Pens
Show All Ferro Materials
Magnetic Tape
Product Selector
Steel Tape
Clear Transfer Adhesive
White Foam Magnetic Tape
Pre-Cut Pieces
Magnetic Ticketing
Show All Magnetic Tape
Window Graphics
Window Graphic Product Selector
White
Clear
Show All Window Graphics
Knife Storage
Product Selector
Professional Strength Racks
Wooden Racks
Aluminium Racks
Black Racks
Silver Racks
Coloured Racks
Custom Knife Racks
Rack Accessories
Coloured Knife Pods
Magnetic Blade Guards
Knife Blocks
Gift Sets
Miscellaneous Products
Show All Knife Storage
Magnets
Educational Magnets
Neodymium Magnets
Rubber Covered Magnets
Gripping Tools
Whiteboard Magnets
Miscellaneous Magnets
Show All Magnets
Special Offers
Wall-mag ™
Accessories
Matt Finish
Blackboard
Gloss Finish
Green chalkboard
Magnetic Application
Self-adhesive Application
Wallpaper Application
Show All Wall-mag ™
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
WHAT ARE COOKIES?A cookie is a piece of information that a website stores on the website browser on your computer. The browser sends the information back to the website to enable the website to recognise the user.Cookies include information such as the lifetime and expiry date of the cookie, the domain the cookie has come from and an identifier – for example, a random unique number. This is standard for all websites.HOW IS A COOKIE USED?Cookies are used to store data. Without cookies shopping baskets would not store the products within them and remember what’s in your shopping basket while you browse or if you are logged in or not. Our cookies will never store your payment information. Cookies can’t harm your computer, and are active for differing lengths of time, some are stored until you close your browser, while others may last for several weeks or more.EXAMPLES OF COOKIES USED ON THIS SITE?We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.CookieNoticeStores an on/off flag, used to control when the cookie policy popup appears.GALXThis cookie is used by Google accounts on relevant pagesGAPSThis cookie is used by Google accounts on relevant pagesGoogleAccountsLocale_sessionThis cookie is used by Google accounts on relevant page.CheckConnectionTempCookie937NIDGoogle set a number of cookies on any page that includes a Google Map. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Google Maps users._twitter_sessThis cookie is set by Twitter on sites which include Twitter feeds or optional content sharing with Twitter. For more information, see https://twitter.com/privacyguest_idThis cookie is set by Twitter on sites which include Twitter feeds or optional content sharing with Twitter. For more information, see https://twitter.com/privacyexternal_refererThis cookie is set by Twitter on sites which include Twitter feeds or optional content sharing with Twitter. For more information, see https://twitter.com/privacyPHPSESSIDThis cookie keeps track of your session on the website.www.bisbellmagnets.com uses cookies in a number of ways:CATEGORY 1. STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES:These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you’ve been on the internet. We are not required to get your consent to the use of Strictly Necessary Cookies. They last for one “session” and expire when you leave our website or close the browser. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Shopping cart cookies
Access to protected areas of a website
Remembering previously entered text so it’s not lost if the page refreshes
CATEGORY 2. PERFORMANCE COOKIES:These cookies collect and store anonymous information only about how visitors use our website and cannot be used to identify you. It is only used to improve how our website works. We are required to get your consent to the use of Performance Cookies. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Performance Cookies can be deleted from your browser history at any point before their expiry time. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Analytics
Advertising
Pay Per Click
CATEGORY 3. FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES:These cookies remember your preferences to personalise your experience on our website and provide enhanced, more personal features, for instance, they may be used to provide services such as watching a video, commenting on a blog or adding product reviews. We are required to get your consent to the use of Functionality Cookies. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. Functionality Cookies can be deleted from your browser history at any point before their expiry time. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Detecting if you have already seen a pop-up to ensure it doesn’t get shown to you again
Submitting comments
Remembering colours, font sizes and page backgrounds
CATEGORY 4. TARGETED ADVERTISING COOKIES:Targeted Advertising Cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. The information they store is not anonymous. We are required to get your consent to Target Advertising Cookies. We will ask for clear, explicit consent from you to store these cookies on your device using a pop-up, overlay, splash page or header/footer bar. Cookies that fall into this category are:
Collecting information about browser habits to target advertising
Collecting information about browser habits to target website content
MANAGING COOKIES USING YOUR BROWSER:Internet browsers will usually provide an option to disallow the setting of all or some cookies. You can find more about using your browser’s cookie settings either via the help menu for your browser or on the browser’s own website. Cookies can also be deleted by using your internet browser, but you must disallow them otherwise they will be reapplied the next time you visit a website. If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.You can learn more about cookies and how to manage them at AboutCookies.org