https://www.sdix.com/privacy-policy/
SDIX Privacy Policy
HomeSDIX Privacy Policy
Welcome to SDIX.com (Site), which is owned and operated by SDIX, LLC.
You agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy when you view, access, purchase our products or participate in any activities listed on our website. This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you about SDIXs’ collection, use, and dissemination practices regarding the information collected from you. SDIX conducts business worldwide and may transfer data to countries that have different data protection regulations from those of your country. The Policy applies US law and is effective beginning May 22, 2018
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised policy at this location, but such changes will not affect information provided by you prior to the effective date of the change unless you consent otherwise. Any revised version will become effective as of the published effective date.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. Information that has been made or provided anonymously and is not sufficient to identify any individual is not personal information.
How we use your information:
We may contact you via email or phone to notify you regarding your account or any issues associated with it, to collect fees owed, to solicit your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, or otherwise necessary to better serve you, including sending you our promotions or discount information. We may also contact you to enforce our policies, applicable law, or any agreement we may have with you. Where applicable, you have the right to and will be provided opportunity to agree or decline to receive certain communications.
Improving our websites, products, and services
We may use information collected about you to improve our web site navigation, to make personalized features and other services available to you, to compile and analyze aggregate statistics and trends, and to otherwise help administer and improve the Site. Where you provide registration information along with consent, cookies can also be used to identify you when you visit or log onto the Site or portions of the Site.
Marketing
We may combine your personal information with information we collect from third parties and use it to maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you. We also use the combined information about you to form a view on what products or services we think you, or others similar to you, may want or need or provide advertising closer to your interest.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information or purchased products from us, provided us with your details when you contacted our customer service teams, entered a competition, registered for a promotion, or accessed information from our website and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving marketing communications.
We only want to provide you with marketing communications if you want to hear from us. If you wish to stop receiving marketing communications from us, you can simply:
Click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every marketing e-mail we send you, and then select the type of marketing communications you would like to receive (or none at all)
Contact us using the contact details provided under the Contact Us page
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive any further marketing messages. Please note that stopping marketing messages will not stop any service communications (such as order updates) or requests for feedback.
Shipping
We may use your personal information for shipping and related services for purchases made through SDIX.
Customer Support
We use the data, including your communication to review, resolve, and respond to any product complains or shipping issues you have.
Security and investigation
We use your data when we deem necessary for security purposes including investigating possible fraud or violations of this Privacy Policy.
How we collect information from you:
When you register with SDIX via this Site, we will ask you to provide basic contact information (e.g., name, organization, address, phone number, e-mail address, and so on). In addition, we may collect and retain contact and other information in a number of ways, such as when you place an order, request e-mail updates or other information, complete customer surveys, submit a feedback or contact form, or provide a resume. In general, your information is also retained when you write on social media or by post, fill out forms at events, meetings or conferences; or by orally, either face-to-face or over the telephone.
This Site automatically compiles various data from you in the course of your navigation of the Site, such as the URL of the site you just came from, the browser version you use, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, IP ports, date/time, size of data transferred, pages you visit, etc.. SDIX uses “cookies” to enhance your Site visit. A cookie is information either temporarily or permanently stored in a file on your computer. You can set your browser to reject cookies, but that may limit your use of some convenience features at this Site.
To supplement the data we gathered above, we may acquire your personal information from third parties, but only when the third parties either have your consent or are legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information. Last but not the least, we may also collect information about you from publicly available sources, including from scientific publications, university websites and publicly available information on social media. We will treat all the collected information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How information is stored and protected
We, and our service providers store and process your personal information in the United States. If your information is transferred to other countries, including countries that have different data protection laws providing different level of protection, we will still process, store, and transfer all your information pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
We take reasonable steps online and offline to safeguard the information you provide to us. All web pages transmitting personal or financial information are encrypted from your PC to our servers using the standard known as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). Beyond the SSL barrier, your data is protected once it reaches our networks using secure multi-tiered firewalls.
Because no system is 100% secure despite taking commercially reasonable steps, we can’t promise, and you should not expect, that information you provided can remain private under all circumstances. It is your responsibility to safeguard any passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features associated with your use of the Site.
How we may disclose your information:
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We may provide your information to any third parties if they have already specifically obtained your consent.
Service Providers
We may use third parties to help improve our Products and Services, for example, website maintenance, marketing and development, fraud detection, and shipping. They will then have access to your information but only as reasonably necessary to perform their tasks, and are obligated not to disclose it or use it for any other purposes.
Change of Control or Sale
We may share your personal information as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of the mentioned events. Any entity that acquires us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Legal Disclosures
We may share your personal information with law enforcement, government agencies or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal requirement applicable to SDIX. We will, in our sole discretion, try to narrow the disclosure to better protect your information.
Your choices
Changing or correcting data:
You can always edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also request us to change, update, or fix your data, especially if the data is inaccurate.
Opting in
You can choose to receive or decline to receive certain communication from us by: (1) declining the service offered when registering or at other information collection points on the Site, or (2) informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications afterwards. We will comply with such requests unless such communications are necessary for the administration of your account, required by law, or necessary to protect our rights and conduct business.
The exact information you provide:
You may at any time request access to a summary of the information you provided at web registration, and request corrections or updates to that information. We will make reasonable efforts to respond to such requests. However, our response to such requests may be limited to information under our direct control.
Other websites:
This Site contains links to the websites of other organizations. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites, and unless otherwise specified, does not imply any relationship, sponsorship, or affiliation between SDIX and these linked sites, or adoption or approval of the content of such sites.
How to contact us:
For any requests or questions related to this Privacy Policy, or any concerns you have about how your information is being used, please contact SDIX by email at sales@SDIX.com or through our website at www.SDIX.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 21, 2018
Learn About Our Cookie Policy
Element
Become a Member
Continue
site by Think it First
By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookiesSDIX uses cookies to improve your experience on the website and to provide you with services and content tailored to your interests
Learn more about The SDIX Cookie Policy
Learn more about The SDIX Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!