http://www.elitegen.com/?p=contact&c=privacypolicy
Contact Us
Request Services
General Inquiry
Community Services
Career Opportunities
Tel.: (630)637-6917
Toll-Free: (866)-ELITEGEN
Fax: (630) 637-6920
1755 Park Street
Naperville, IL 60563
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Elitegen.com and
viewing our privacy policy. We understand how important your privacy is to you
and it is also very important to us. Therefore, we want to highlight how privacy
is handled through our company. We are dedicated to keeping your privacy safe
and will only gather any personal information that you choose to provide to us.
This privacy policy does not describe information collection practices on other
sites, including those linked to or from the website.
What type information is gathered?
Our server
will only collect default information commonly logged by web server software.
These may include date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, and
the pages collected. Should you choose to submit a contact form or job
application to us, we will keep your information confidential and only use the
provided information as means of contact.
What do we do with the
information?
Your
information will be used solely for the purpose of contact. In submitting your
information, you allow us to contact you in whichever way you choose so that we
may answer your questions and address all concerns. If you would like us to stop
contacting you, we will honor that request and either discard your information
or keep it in a safe and secure place should you require our services at a later
date. We will never share this information with third or outside parties.
How do we ensure your safety when
you submit your information to us?
Your information is being routed through our secure
servers. These servers are owned by us and not accessible to outside parties. We keep your information confidential and would never
deliberately spam you. Any other information sent to us via cookies during
your visit on the website is completely anonymous and only used to keep track
of the number of visitors coming to this website.
What are cookies?
Many websites use cookies nowadays for the convenience
of the site viewer and for improvements of the website. Cookies are basically
a packet of data that is sent by a server to a web browser and then stored on
your computer's hard drive. Cookies are usually anonymous and usually used to
store site preferences and other information when you access the website. You
can configure your web browser setting to accept all cookies, reject all
cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. Cookies are not viruses or
spyware; they are only a packet of information.
How do we use cookies on our site?
We use cookies on our site primarily to keep track of
traffic to our site and to keep note on which sections may be the most useful
to our users. We may also use cookies to conduct research to improve our
content. In addition, we may use cookies to maintain the preferences set by
our customers when they log into our knowledge base.
If you have any other
questions regarding the privacy policy, feel free to
contact us through the
General Inquiry
form.
[Careers] [Terms of Use] [Privacy Policy] [Site Map]
© 2000-2020 Elitegen Corp.