https://www.aerowatch.com/en/legals/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Legals
Legals
Editor: The Aerowatch website is published by Aero Watch SA registered in the Jura (Switzerland) Register of Commerce and Companies under the number CHE-114.395.018 RC, with headquarters at:
Rue de La Gare 7
2350 Saignelégier
Switzerland
Hosting: The Aerowatch website is hosted by Procab Studio SA, 5, rue du Clos, 1207 Geneva, Switzerland
Please also read our Terms of use and Privacy Policy
Aero Watch SA commits itself to ensuring, to the best of its ability, that the information posted on this site is correct and up-to-date. Aero Watch SA reserves the right to correct the site's content at any time and without warning. However, Aero Watch SA cannot guarantee the correctness, precision, thoroughness or completeness of the information available on this site.
Aero Watch SA declines responsibility:
- for any site interruption;
- for any bugs;
- for any errors or omissions contained in the information available on the site,
- for any and all damage resulting from a third party's fraudulent intrusion which causes modifications to the information contained on the site;
- from any direct or indirect damage, whatever its cause or causes, nature, origins or consequences.
Ownership of Aero Watch SA
The site and any software necessarily used in connection with it may contain confidential information protected by current intellectual property rights or any other law. Thus, unless otherwise stated, the intellectual property rights on the documents contained in the site and each of the elements created for this site are the exclusive property of Aero Watch SA, which does not grant any license or any right other than that of consulting the site. The reproduction of any documents published on the site is only authorized for the exclusive purpose of information for personal and private use, any reproduction and any use of copies made for other purposes being expressly prohibited. It is also prohibited to copy, modify, create a derivative work, reverse the design or assembly or in any other way attempt to find the source code (except as provided by law), sell, assign, sub-license or transfer in any way any rights relating to the software. Similarly, it is also prohibited to modify the software or use modified versions of the software and in particular (without this list being exhaustive) in order to obtain unauthorized access to the service and to access the site by any means other than through the interface provided to you by Aero Watch SA for this purpose.
© AEROWATCH 2019
All rights of reproduction and representation reserved
Loading...
Legal notice
General terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2019 AEROWATCH
Design by procab studio