https://www.decorative-coving.co.uk/privacy-policy/
MENUMENU
Coving & Cornice
Coving MouldingsTraditional Cornice profilesContemporary Cornice profilesLED Cornice Lighting TroughsCurtain Profiles
Ceiling RosesDado Rails
Luxxus RangeAxxent Range
Skirting BoardsOther Mouldings
ColumnsPilastersWall & Door PanelsDoor Architrave & PedimentsDecorative Artistic Mouldings
Exterior Products
External Cornice
Open Cornice
Roofline DentilsPorch Support Brackets
Tools & Adhesives
Mounting & Joint AdhesivesTools
InspirationHow To ArticlesFAQsContact us
Home
/
GDPR Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy and cookie policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy is very important to us. We want to inform our (potential) customers, suppliers and business partners as much as possible, respect their privacy and control what happens to their data. Below you will find our policy regarding the collection, storage, use, communication and disclosure of your personal data.
Davuka GRP Ltd would like to emphasize that it is always trying to act in accordance with the 2016 EU regulation on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data concerning the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC.
SCOPE
This privacy statement applies to every visit to and use of the website (www.decorative-coving.co.uk) as well as to all (commercial) relations (and the data exchange that may be associated with this) between Davuka GRP Ltd and its (potential) customers, suppliers and / or business partners.
IDENTITY OF THE RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING
Davuka GRP Ltd with registered office at 2c The Wend, Coulsdon,, CR5 2AX is responsible for the processing of your personal data. The person responsible for the processing is the person who determines the purpose and the means (the ‘what’, the ‘how’ and the ‘why’) of the processing of the personal data.
Davuka GRP Ltd can be contacted by post at the registered office address as above, phone +44(0) 208 660 2854 or e-mail info@davuka.co.uk
Specifically with regard to the privacy policy, the following persons may also be contacted:
David Warner – MD and Data Protection Coordinator
PERSONAL DATA
Personal data is all data that makes it possible to identify someone. This includes, but is not limited to, data such as name, address, user name, company name, e-mail address and telephone number, but also other information such as IP address, information about the business sector and so on.
The information we collect depends on the context of your interaction with us, the way in which you contact us and the information that you provide.
Davuka GRP Ltd limits at all times the amount of personal data that is requested to do what is necessary to provide a qualitative service.
The following personal data can be processed by us:
Information communicated by you when placing an order, when requesting a quote, when filling out the contact form on the website, when registering for any newsletter, when creating an account on www.decorative-coving.co.uk, when visiting our offices or exhibition stand, when exchanging business cards or with any other form of contact (e.g. by telephone, e-mail, post, visiting, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter) or communicated by a commercial partner of Davuka GRP Ltd in the context of a collaboration:
Contact details :
Name
First name
E-mail address
Phone number (fixed/mobile)
Fax number
Residential address
Company address
Function and capacity
Company name
OBJECTIVE AND LEGAL GROUND
This data is collected for prospecting, customer and supplier management and the processing of orders and deliveries, including the preparation of a quotation, delivery or an order form. It is also used for accounting and invoicing as well as various functionalities on the website (download images, create a wish list …). This information can also be used for marketing purposes.
The legal ground for the processing of this personal data is the (potential) execution of an agreement. Providing the above personal information is a necessary condition to contact Davuka GRP Ltd and to possibly conclude an agreement. If you do not provide this information, it is impossible for Davuka GRP Ltd to contact you and thus enter into a contract.
When this data is used solely to communicate with Davuka GRP Ltd employees, the legal ground for this processing is the legitimate interest in offering high-quality customer service and product support.
If the personal data is also used for marketing purposes, the legal ground is either the legitimate interest of Davuka GRP Ltd to inform existing customers about relevant products or permission granted by the customer to receive marketing information. There will always be a possibility for the customer to unsubscribe.
When this personal data is used for our Hello Customer Platform, the legal ground is the legitimate interest of Davuka GRP Ltd to receive feedback on its products and services and thus to improve or optimize the service. Moreover, the option to unsubscribe is always offered.
References
Passwords and username when creating an account on www.decorative-coving.co.uk
OBJECTIVE AND LEGAL GROUND
This personal data is kept with a view to creating an account on www.decorative-coving.co.uk and with a view to the security of your account.
The legal ground for the processing of this personal data is the execution of an agreement as well as the legitimate interest of Davuka GRP Ltd since it is impossible for Davuka GRP Ltd to create an account in a secure manner without this data. The communication of this information is therefore mandatory if you wish to create an account.
Information that is communicated when applying for a job: Curriculum Vitae
OBJECTIVE AND LEGAL GROUND
In order to process your application, it is necessary that you provide the above information. Failure to provide this information will result in Davuka GRP Ltd not being able to handle your application.
The legal ground for the processing of this personal data is the execution of an agreement and the legitimate interest of Davuka GRP Ltd to check the capacities and personal characteristics of the person concerned in function of the vacancy.
If the Curriculum Vitae contains special categories of personal data (such as nationality, health data, criminal records, national register number, data on sexual life, political opinions, membership of a trade union, …) then the legal ground for processing is permission from you for processing this data.
Data collected automatically when visiting the Website (Cookies)
IP address
Browser
Operating system
External website that referred to Davuka GRP Ltd
Pages on www.decorative-coving.co.uk that you have visited
Date and time at which you visited the pages on www.decorative-coving.co.uk
OBJECTIVE AND LEGAL GROUND
The use of Cookies is to make the website easily accessible and to improve the quality of the service.
The legal ground of this processing is based on permission. For more information about this please consult our ‘Cookie Policy’ (see below).
METHOD OF COLLECTING DATA
This personal data is collected in the context of:
Placing an order
Requesting a quote
Completing the contact form on the website
Registering for the newsletter
Creating an account
The exchange of business cards
Any other form of correspondence or contact (eg by telephone, e-mail, post, LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook)
Visiting the website (via Cookies including Google Analytics, Hotjar feedback option)
A visit to Davuka GRP Ltd’s offices or exhibition stand
A collaboration with a commercial partner (official distributors, customers, …)
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
The personal data mentioned above is processed by us for the following purposes:
Prospect, customer and supplier management (draw up (potential) customer, partner and supplier lists)
Communication with the person concerned
Processing orders and deliveries
The preparation of a quotation, delivery or order form
Satisfaction survey
Accounting and invoicing
Making the website easily accessible
Qualitative services and optimization
Marketing purposes, including direct marketing
Applications
If Davuka GRP Ltd uses your personal data with direct marketing in mind, you always have the right to oppose this by means of a simple request (possibility to ‘unsubscribe’).
For each objective, the legal basis for processing can be one of the following:
Your free permission for the processing
In the context of the preparation or execution of a contract
To comply with legal obligations
When we have a prevailing legitimate interest, in which case we strive for a balance between that interest and respecting your privacy
If the legal basis of the processing is based on your free consent, you always have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This can be done through a simple request addressed to Davuka GRP Ltd via the contact details stated in this Privacy Policy under ‘Identity of the person responsible for the processing.’
We only collect and use your personal data for the above purposes unless we receive your unambiguous and free permission to use your personal data for other purposes or unless the processing is necessary to comply with an obligation imposed by a regulation, a law, a decree or decision.
RETENTION PERIOD
Unless a longer retention period is required or justified (i) by complying with a limitation period or expiration period provided for by law or (ii) by complying with another legal obligation, your data will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data has been collected, as described in this Privacy Policy under ‘Purposes of the processing’.
CATEGORIES RECEIVERS PERSONAL DATA
The processed personal data is only and in accordance with this Privacy Policy communicated to the following recipients:
Responsible for the processing and its subsidiaries
The person concerned
Processors, who are called upon for a specific assignment (eg. a mailing agency, IT service providers) or who act as commercial partners (official distributors, suppliers)
The aforementioned processors act exclusively on behalf of Davuka GRP Ltd. Davuka GRP Ltd can submit the following guarantees regarding data processing by these processors:
Davuka GRP Ltd has made clear arrangements in its agreement with these third parties regarding the quality of the data processing in accordance with the obligations imposed by the relevant privacy legislation;
The third parties may only use the data for the purposes as determined by Davuka GRP Ltd and in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is possible that Davuka GRP Ltd must disclose your personal data:
To the competent authorities (i) when Davuka GRP Ltd is obliged to do so by law or in the context of legal proceedings and (ii) to indemnify and defend our rights
When Davuka GRP Ltd or almost all of its assets are taken over by a third party, in which case your personal data will be one of the transferred assets
RIGHTS OF THE PERSON CONCERNED
As a person concerned  you have a number of rights that you can exercise in respect of Davuka GRP Ltd. If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details described in this Privacy Policy under ‘Identity of the person responsible for processing.’
The rights you have are the following:
right of access no later than one month after receipt of the request
right of adjustment or rectification of wrong data
right to objection if you do not agree with the way we process your personal data
the right to transfer data, ie the right to obtain your personal data in a structured, current and machine-readable form in order to transfer it to third parties.
right to be forgotten (erasure)
right to restriction of processing
In principle, you can exercise these rights free of charge. For this you must send a request with a copy of your identity card to us, this to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of your personal data.
If your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we can charge you a reasonable fee for the administrative costs associated with your request or we can refuse your request. Moreover, you can exercise these rights only once every six months.
In any case, we will always inform you of the follow-up given to your request within a period of one month at the latest.
SECURITY
All information is stored in a secure environment. This information is not accessible to the public. Within Davuka GRP Ltd, only persons authorized to do so have access to the personal data, and only if that data is relevant to fulfil their assignment.
TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES
Any transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to a recipient who has his domicile or registered office in a country that is not covered by an adequacy decision, issued by the European Commission, will be governed by provisions of a transfer agreement, which (i) will contain standard contractual clauses as defined in the ‘Decision of the European Commission of 5 February 2010 (Decision 2010/87 / EC)’; or (ii) is based on any other mechanism under the privacy laws or any other regulations concerning the processing of personal data.
In the case of Davuka GRP Ltd, it is possible that a transfer is made to third countries. If you wish, you can receive more information about the country to which the transfer of your personal data takes place and the appropriate measures that have been taken. You can contact us for this.
CHILDREN
We ask people under the age of 16 not to communicate personal data to Davuka GRP Ltd unless consent has been obtained from parent (s) or guardian (s). If we discover that we have collected personal information from a person under the age of 16, we will delete this information as soon as possible.
COMPLAINTS
If you disagree with the way Davuka GRP Ltd collects, uses and / or processes your personal data, you can of course contact us or submit a complaint to the supervisory authority.
STAY INFORMED OF ADJUSTMENTS
Davuka GRP Ltd may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, for example as a result of market evolutions and new processing activities. We therefore invite you to always consult the latest version of this policy on our website. Of course, we will inform you in advance via our websites or other current communication channels of any change in content and we ask you when the law requires your prior permission for our (new) processing activities.
COOKIE POLICY
Davuka GRP Ltd uses cookies on its website (https://www.decorative-coving.co.uk). This cookie policy (hereafter “Cookie Policy”) informs you as a visitor about the use of this cookie.
You are not obliged to accept all cookies. Accepting cookies is not a condition for visiting the website. However, you run the risk that certain applications of our website will not function optimally when refusing cookies.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are small (text) files. When visiting websites of Davuka GRP Ltd, small (text) files are saved on, or access is obtained to (earlier) Davuka GRP Ltd (text) files on your devices (computer, tablet, mobile phone etc). If you, as a user, surf the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookies can be retrieved by the website to inform the website of previous activities of the user. Cookies work as a kind of memory for the website.
Cookies can be placed by Davuka GRP Ltd itself (“first party cookies”) and by third parties (“third party cookies”). In addition, they can be temporary (“session cookies”, these cookies disappear when you close your browser session), or permanent (“permanent cookies”, these cookies are permanently placed on your device).
There are different types of cookies:
Many of the cookies, the so-called functional session cookies, are used to make your site visit go smoothly. For example, cookies are used to provide services or to save settings, such as storing your preferences, remembering and passing on information that you enter during the login process.
The strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are, as the name suggests, strictly necessary to enable you to surf the website, or to use certain functionalities.
There are also tracking cookies. These are cookies that track and trace your behavior on the website, to offer you, for example, personalized advertisements based on your surfing behavior.
Then there are the analytical cookies / performance cookies. These cookies are used to generate statistics on the surfing behavior of visitors to a website. In this way a more optimal user experience can be offered. For example, these cookies analyze the duration of visits, the number of visitors, the pages of the website that are most visited, the order, …
Finally, third party cookies exist. As indicated above, these are cookies that are placed on our website by third parties. For the cookies placed by these third parties, you should consult the relevant statements that these parties provide on their own websites.
Changes
Davuka GRP Ltd reserves the right to update this Cookie Policy and thus change it unilaterally. It is therefore recommended to regularly consult the website and this Cookie Policy. As soon as a new Cookie Policy takes effect, your consent regarding the use of cookies will be requested again.
Our website, warehouse, email and telephone lines continue to operate as close to normal as possible during latest lockdown, but please excuse us if delivery takes a little bit longer than normal.
We are doing us best to despatch everything as quickly as we feasibly can! Dismiss