http://www.marcusmillichap.com/privacy-policy
×
Search Marcus & Millichap
Marcus & Millichap Privacy Policy
Last Updated on January 1, 2020.
The MarcusMillichap.com websites, and our mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”) is a service of Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation with headquarters located in California ("Marcus & Millichap" or “we”). We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain (i) what specific Personal Information (defined below) we collect from consumers; and (ii) how we collect, use, protect, and disclose the Personal Information we collect. This Privacy Policy also explains the rights you have with regards to your Personal Information and your choices for managing your Personal Information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information. By accessing or using the Site or otherwise providing us with Personal Information, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will also revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the current Privacy Policy. The most current version of the Privacy Policy can be reviewed by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link located at the bottom of our web pages. Your continued use of the site or your if you continue to provide us with Personal Information after we post any revisions constitutes your agreement to any such revisions.
What are the categories of personal information that we collect from you and what are the specific pieces of personal information that we collect from you?
Personal Information. “Personal Information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
The types of Personal Information we may collect are grouped into categories as follows:
Identifiers. Possible identifiers include first and last name (or alias), email address, phone number, address and fax number.
Select Information in Customer Records includes interests, your preferences in receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Internet or Network Activity is collected automatically each time you simply visit the Site (“Usage Data”). This includes, without limitation, your Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), the type of computer you use, the web browser you use, the web pages you visit, and the duration of your visit to the Site. An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. Each time you visit the Site, our web server may automatically recognize (where possible) and collect your IP Address.  From time to time, we track your online activity on the Site.  We will at times associate that information with information that can identify you, an account belonging to you, or your device or with information that can be used to contact you.
Employment Information. If you provide us with your company’s name and/or an email address from your business or place of employment, we may know where you are employed.
Inferences from the above Categories Used to Profile. We may use various pieces of Personal Information in the categories noted above to create a profile for you.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We also use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer or device and web browser). We use cookies to improve the experience of the Site.
Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Please be advised that some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies, or other tracking technologies in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.  See below for a discussion on our Service Providers.
You have the right to request from us (i) the categories of Personal Information we collect; and (ii) the specific pieces of Personal Information we collect.  You can request this information by (i) emailing us; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please specify in your request of the data you are requesting.  The request may be for the categories of Personal Information we collect and/or the pieces of Personal Information we collect.  Once a verifiable request is received, we will disclose both the categories of Personal Information and the specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you within 45 days of receiving the request.  If you would like such information sent via post, please include a return address with your request.  If you would like such information sent electronically, please include an email address with your request.
You also have the right to request access to your Personal Information collected by us no more than two times in any 12-month period.  You can request access to your Personal Information by (i) emailing us at: PersonalInfoRequest@marcusmillichap.com; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please include the specific request that you would like to access your Personal Information collected by us.  Once a verifiable request is received, we will deliver your Personal Information collected by us via post or electronically in a portable format within 45 days of receiving the request.  If you would like such information sent via post, please include a return address with your request.  If you would like such information to be sent electronically, please include an email address with your request.
You also have the right to request that we delete all Personal Information collected from you.  You can make this request by (i) emailing us; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please include the specific request that we delete your Personal Information.  Once a verifiable request is received, we will delete all Personal Information collected from you within 45 days of receiving the request.
How do we collect (what are the sources of collection of) your personal information?
We collect Identity Data, Profile Data and Marketing and Communication Data mentioned above by directly asking you for that information either when (i) you apply for our products or services; (ii) you create an account on our website; (iii) you request marketing information be sent to you; (iv) you enter a competition, promotion or survey; or (v) give us feedback or contact us.
We also collect technical and Site data through the automated technologies or interactions in the Internet or Network Activity, and Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies, as described above.
We collect Personal Information when you use this Site, use any of our services, update or modify information that is maintained on the Site, register for an event, and at other times. We also may receive Personal Information through the use of social media websites and services. We may receive information about you from these and other sources.
You have the right to request from us the sources of collection of the Personal Information we have collected from you for the preceding 12 months.  You can request this information by (i) emailing us at: PersonalInfoRequest@marcusmillichap.com; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please include the specific request of the sources of collection of the Personal Information we have collected from you.  Once a verifiable request is received, we will disclose the sources of collection of the Personal Information we have collected from you for the preceding 12 months within 45 days of receiving the request.  If you would like such information sent via post, please include a return address with your request.  If you would like such information to be sent electronically, please include an email address with your request.
This Site is not intended for children or users under the age of 18 and we do not collect data from children.
If you become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 18, we will delete such information from our records.
You can request we delete Personal Information inadvertently collected for a child under 18 years of age by (i) emailing us at: PersonalInfoRequest@marcusmillichap.com; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please include the specific request to delete the Personal Information of a child under the age of 18 that you believe we have inadvertently collected.  Once a verifiable request is received, we will delete any collected Personal Information related to anyone under 18 years of age.
Why do we collect your personal information (What is our Business Purpose in doing so)?
Marcus & Millichap has a legitimate business purpose in the collection of your Personal Information. Legitimate business purpose means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your Personal Information for our business purpose. We do not use your Personal Information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
You have the right to request from us the Business Purpose for the collection of your Personal Information for the preceding 12 months.  You can request this information by (i) emailing us at: PersonalInfoRequest@marcusmillichap.com; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please include the specific request of the Business Purpose for the collection of your Personal Information.  Once a verifiable request is received from you, we will disclose the Business Purpose(s) for the collection of your Personal Information for the preceding 12 months within 45 days of receiving the request.  If you would like such information sent via post, please include a return address.  If you would like such information to be sent electronically, please include an email address with your request.
How do we use your Personal Information?
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we use Personal Information only as permitted by law and for our internal purposes and the internal purposes of our affiliates only. Internal purposes include, but are not limited to, our use of Personal Information to provide you with the Site, to establish your online account, to send you information and reports about types of properties that you may be interested in, to contact you directly about properties that you may be interested in, to provide you with any other services you request, to notify you of new products or services offered by Marcus & Millichap through the Site or any of its affiliates, and to otherwise communicate with you about Marcus & Millichap and any of its affiliates. We may also use Personal Information to send you marketing communications and e-mails about the Site, Marcus & Millichap and our affiliates, and our services, respond to e-mails, provide customer support, and other similar matters.
We use Usage Data to customize your experience while visiting the Site and to evaluate and improve the design of the Site. We use Usage Data to help us run and maintain the Site, study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the Site. We also use such information for purposes of system administration, to improve the design and content of the Site, and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.
Who do we share your Personal Information with?
We do NOT sell your Personal Information
You have the right to Opt-out of the sale of your personal Information. However, except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell Personal Information that you provide to us to unaffiliated third parties.
Our Service Providers
We may have a business purpose to disclose Personal Information about you to our service providers (“Service Providers”) who will agree to maintain such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and not to use your Personal Information in any other way other than on our behalf. These Service Providers may provide a variety of services to us including, without limitation, processing and storing user information and data, updating your customer information records in our database (including address verification), conducting marketing and promotions, and sending or coordinating the sending of marketing communications on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. We do not authorize Service Providers to make any use of your information other than as specified by Marcus & Millichap.  We may also disclose non-Personal Information, including unidentifiable Usage Data, in aggregate form to third parties including, without limitation, advertisers and business partners.
You have the right to request from us who your Personal Information is disclosed to for our Business Purpose(s) for the preceding 12 months.  You can request this information by (i) emailing us at: PersonalInfoRequest@marcusmillichap.com; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please include the specific request of who your Personal Information is disclosed to for our Business Purpose(s).  Once a verifiable request is received from you, we will disclose who your Personal Information is disclosed to for our Business Purpose(s) for the preceding 12 months within 45 days of receiving the request.  If you would like such information sent via post, please include a return address.  If you would like such information to be sent electronically, please include an email address with your request.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We may disclose Personal Information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms of Use or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of the Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose Personal Information or other information when we believe that the law requires it and when we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas).
Related Party Transfers
Please be aware that your Personal Information and Usage Data may be transferred to and shared with businesses controlling, controlled by or under common control of Marcus & Millichap (our affiliates).
By using the Site or otherwise providing us with Personal Information, you agree that any collection, use, transfer, and/or disclosure of your Personal Information and will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
Additional Rights and other requests with regards to your Personal Information.
Anti-Discrimination Right.  You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights related to your Personal Information covered in this Privacy Policy above.  That includes you not being denied any goods or services, being charged a different price for goods or services, being provided, or it being suggested that, you receive a different quality of goods or services.  We will never discriminate against you in any way for exercising any of your rights hereunder.
Opting Out. You may also ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by unsubscribing to messages you receive from us; OR by contacting us as described below.
Correcting Personal Information. You may also ask us to correct or amend your personal information at any time by contacting us as described below.
You may request to Opt-Out of receiving marketing messages or contact us to correct or amend your Personal Information at any time.  You can request this information by (i) emailing us at: PersonalInfoRequest@marcusmillichap.com; (ii) calling us toll free at (844) 961-1622; or (iii) writing to us at Marcus & Millichap, Inc., Attn: Personal Information Request, 23975 Park Sorrento Suite 400, Calabasas, CA 91302.
Please include the specific nature of your request.  Once a verifiable request is received from you, we will remove you from our marketing materials list or correct your Personal Information as requested.
California Residents. California residents and consumers have rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information that is collected by businesses. We take our obligations under the CCPA very seriously and have modeled this Privacy Policy to include the protections afforded California residents and consumers under the CCPA.
How do we protect the security of your Personal Information?
We maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to Personal Information. When your personal data is stored by Marcus & Millichap, we use computer systems with limited access housed in facilities using physical security measures. We protect your personal information during transit using encryption such as Transport Layer Security (TLS). However, although we employ such safeguards, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems connected to the Internet is never 100% secure. As a result, we cannot nor do we ensure, warrant, or guarantee the security or integrity of such information.
Does the Site contain links to other websites?
While you are using the Site, you may be linked or directed to other third-party websites outside of the Site that are beyond our control. A link to a third party's website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from ours. Please review the privacy policies of these websites. We are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
How long will you use my Personal Information?
We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the business purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your Personal Information for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
We use cookies to offer you a better experience and analyze site traffic. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
ACCEPT
DON'T ACCEPT