https://www.insuraquote.com/privacy.php
HOME  |
CONTACT US  |
FREE QUOTE
Speak with an Experienced Agent now >>  1-800-692-8635
HOME
LEARNING CENTER
Compare Policy Types
How much coverage do I need?
Is there a medical exam?
Guaranteed Acceptance Life
Why do I need Life Insurance?
Resources & Downloads
Frequently Asked Questions
FREE QUOTE
Term Life
Final Expense
Permanent & Whole Life
Guaranteed Acceptance Life
Help Me Decide What I Need
TOOLS
InsuraQuote Life Insurance Calculator
ABOUT US
About InsuraQuote
Why Choose InsuraQuote
The Companies We Represent
Careers
Contact Us
BLOG
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCES
ADDITIONAL COVERAGE
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Auto Insurance
Home Insurance
Your Privacy Is Our Priority
InsuraQuote strives to maintain the highest level of security and privacy for our site visitors. This privacy policy is our promise to you that your information will be secure, and the information that you provide us with will only be used for its stated purpose. You can feel safe knowing that you’re working with a business that you can trust from start to finish.
What information does InsuraQuote collect?The questions we ask on our website are only used to assist us in determining which insurance carriers and products best match your unique needs. Each insurance carrier bases its final prices and insurability on its own criteria. To accurately match our customers with the best carrier, products and policies, we gather some general health, lifestyle, family history, etc, and contact information on our site. A licensed agent will then review your submission and, if necessary, contact you for clarification or any additional information that may be need to provide you with an accurate quote.
We believe you should feel comfortable in providing this information to a company that is committed to your privacy and security. As a leader in the life insurance industry we want you to know you can place your trust in us 100% of the way, from the time to you request a quote to until long after your policy is in place.
If you ever have any questions regarding the personal information submitted to InsuraQuote, please call us at 1-800-692-8635 or email us at feedback@insuraquote.com.
Does InsuraQuote ever sell or share my information?NO
When does InsuraQuote.com provide my personal information to insurance carriers?Your personally identifiable information is only disclosed to insurance carriers at the time of submission of an application for insurance, and this is done only after receiving your written permission to do so. Personally identifiable information includes the following: name, address, phone number, date of birth. This personally identifiable information is not released to any person or entity without your written consent, typically in the form of an application for insurance. Non-identifiable information such as age, gender, height, weight, medications, and medical conditions and medical history are used to help accurately determine your eligibility for coverage and obtain a highly accurate quote for you, our customer. In unique instances this information may be communicated to our carriers to assist in evaluating your insurability.
Can I receive a copy of the information that I submitted on InsuraQuote.com, or can I update incorrect information?Yes. Simply call us at 1-800-692-8635 or email us at feedback@insuraquote.com. We will make an attempt to properly identify you when contacting us before we make any changes or releasing your information by email. To make to the process easier please have your customer number available that you received in your quote confirmation email and include it in any email correspondence. We encourage you to update your information immediately if you feel you submitted incorrect information in error, as it can have a potentially negative impact on your quote(s).
Additional Information:We value your privacy and the trust that you place in our business and employees. Should you find yourself having any questions or concerns regarding your privacy or our website we invite you to contact us either by phone at 1-800-692-8635, or by sending an email to feedback@insuraquote.com
The Trusted Companies We Represent
See What Our Customers Are Saying
Read Our Reviews
The Coverage We Offer
Life Insurance|Health Insurance|Auto Insurance|Home InsuranceLegal Info|Privacy Statement|Careers|Contact Us|Site Map
Carrier and product availability varies by state. Not all agents are licensed in every state. You will only speak with agents who are licensed to produce insurance in your state of residency.
Copyright © 2012-2020 InsuraQuote Insurance Services. All Rights Reserved.