http://www.groomingclippers.com/policies
Skip to main content
Cart
MY ACCOUNT
Log In
Create Account
Menu
Search Website
Schematics
Clipper Part Schematics
Blade Part Schematics
Dryer Part Schematics
Products
Blades
Clippers
Dryers / Blowers
Barber/Stylist Products
Grooming Products
New Products
Parts
Promotions
Scissors
Sharpening Supplies
Nebraska Blades
Wolff Industries
Services
Sharpening Services
Repair Services
Mail In
About Us
Our Blog
Events
Contact us
Testimonials
Home
Schematics
Clipper Part Schematics
Andis Clipper Diagrams
Barber & Beauty
Edjer and T-Edjer Trimmer
SLII Trimmer
GO, GTO, Outliner, T-Outliner Trimmers
D-2 Cordless Trimmer
D-3 Cordless Trimmer
D-4 Cordless Trimmer
RT-1 Trimmer
PMT-2 Trimmer
Andis Supra 120 Ion Clipper
Andis BGS Clipper
MBG2 Clipper
Andis D-7 Clipper
Andis D-8 Clipper
Andis Master Clipper
Andis PM-2 Clipper
Andis US-1 Clipper
Andis MC-2 Clipper
Animal
Pulse ZR
Andis SMC / Excel 5 Speed Clipper
Andis AGC / Ultra Edge & BGC / Excel Clippers
Andis BGR+, BGRC, AGR+, AGRC Clippers
Andis AGP Clipper
Andis AGCL Clipper
Andis AG Clipper
Andis PM-4 Clipper
Progress HP
HC
LG
Xperience
Oster Clipper Diagrams
Barber & Beauty
Oster Solaris Clipper
Oster Sculptor
Oster Model 1
Oster Pro Cordless Trimmer
Oster Magnetic Trimmer
Oster Finisher / Model 59 Trimmer
Oster Model 23 Variants
Oster Model 10 Clipper
Oster 111 Clipper
Oster A5 and Classic 76
Small Animal
Oster 3000i Clipper
Oster Volt Clipper
Oster Power Max
Oster A5 and Classic 76
Oster A6 Clipper
Large Animal
Clipmaster Head
Clipmaster and Shearmaster Motors
Wahl Clipper Diagrams
Small Animal
Arco
Barber & Beauty
Premier1 Clipper Diagrams
Lister Clipper Diagrams
Large Animal
Legend
Star
Laube Clipper Diagrams
Small Animal
Mini Micro
Ivac Cowboy
Blade Part Schematics
Andis Blade Parts
Oster Blade Parts
Wahl Blade Parts
Dryer Part Schematics
Double K Dryers
2000 EV Dryer
2000 XL Dryer
9000 II Stand Dryer
Challenge Air 560 Dryer
Challenge Air 850 Dryer
Challenge Air Airmax Dryer
Products
Blades
Barber / Beauty Blades
Andis Blades
Oster Blades
Wahl Blades
Animal Blades
Andis Blades
Buttercut Blades
Laube Blades
Oster Blades
ShowGear Blades
Wahl Blades
Large Animal Blades
Andis Blades
Lister Blades
Oster Blades
Premier Blades
Clippers
Barber / Beauty Clippers
Andis Clippers
Shavers
Oster Clippers
Wahl Clippers
Animal Clippers
Andis Clippers
Oster Clippers
Wahl Clippers
Large Animal Clippers
Andis Clippers
Lister Clippers
Oster Clippers
Premier Clippers
Wahl Clippers
Dryers / Blowers
Double K Dryers
Electric Cleaner Co. Dryers
Dryer Products and Attachments
Dryers
Metro Dryers
Dryers
Metro Dryer Products and Attachments
Barber/Stylist Products
Blade Care
Combs
Andis Combs
Oster Combs
Wahl Combs
Clip-er-Guide
Latherizers
Other Barber / Stylist Products
Andis
Oster
Lucky Tiger
Neck Strips & Barber Towels
Razors
Grooming Products
Blade Care
Brushes
Combs
Andis Combs
Laube Combs
Oster Combs
Wahl Combs
Nail Clippers
Nail Grinders
Twis-Les
New Products
Parts
Blade Parts
Andis Blade Parts
Oster Blade Parts
Wahl Blade Parts
Clipper Parts By Brand
Andis Clipper Parts
AG Clipper
AG 2 / Super 2
AGC 2 / AGC Super 2
AGC / UltraEdge Clipper
BG Clipper
BGC / Excel Clippers
BGR+, BGRC, AGR+, AGRC Clippers
BGS Clipper
DBLC Pulse ZR / Supra ZR
Edjer and T-Edjer (D-3) Trimmer
Envy
Excel 5sp Clipper (SMC)
GO, GTO, GTX, Outliner, T-Outliner
HC Clipper
LG Clipper
MBG2 Clipper
ML Clipper (Master)
Pulse ZR II
Progress HP
RBC Pulse Ion / Supra Ion
RC
SLII Trimmer
SL 3
Slimline (D-7/D-8)
Power Trim (D4)
Lister Clipper Parts
Laser
Laser 2
Legend Clipper
Liberty
Meteor
Neon
Star Clipper
Oster Clipper Parts
111 / Turbo 111 Clipper
A5 and Classic 76 Clipper
A6 Clipper
Clipmaster and Shearmaster Motors
Clipmaster Head
Shearmaster Head
Fast Feed Clipper
Finisher Trimmer (#59)
Model 10
Octane
Power Max
PowerPro
Salon Pro
Volt Clipper
Wahl Clipper Parts
Arco Clipper
BravMini
Cordless Designer
Designer
Detailer
Iron Horse
KM2 Clipper
KM5 Clipper
KM10 Clipper
Magic Clip
Senior
Show Pro
Super Taper
Clipper Parts
Andis Parts
Lister Parts
Oster Parts
Wahl Parts
Dryer Parts
Electirc Cleaner Co K9 Parts
Metro Dryer Parts
Latherizer Parts
Promotions
Scissors
Barber / Beauty Scissors
Oster
Kenchii
Grooming Scissors
ShowGear
Geib
Kenchii
Witte
Sharpening Supplies
Nebraska Blades
Sharpening Machines
Wheels
Sharpening Products
Grit
DVD's
Liquids
Sharpening Products
Wolff Industries
Scissor Sharpeners
Scissor Sharpening Accessories
Shear Clamps
Sharpening Wheels
Sharpening Discs
Misc.
Services
Sharpening Services
Repair Services
Mail In
About Us
Our Blog
Events
Contact us
Testimonials
Search Website:
Main Content
Policies
Home
/
Policies
Returns and Warranties
General Guidelines
In the case of any return, customers are required to notify The Edge Pro and Nebraska Blades of all returns within 30 days of the original purchase to receive any refund. Customers are responsible for contacting The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades before shipping the product back to ensure eligibility for a return.
Proof of purchase will be required for any return to be accepted. No returns will be accepted without proof of purchase. Customers are required to provide proof of purchase before returning a product and should not mail in a return without first contacting The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades to confirm its eligibility.
The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades is not responsible for the lack of urgency on behalf of the customer. If The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades is not contacted by the customer in a timely manner and the warranty expires or the purchase and return are past 30 days it is at the fault of the customer and The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades is not obligated to do anything further.
Products Covered Under a Factory Warranty
Products with a factory warranty must go back to the factory for the warranty. Returns for factory warranty will not be accepted and should be sent to the manufacturer for compensation as requested by the respective manufacturer.
*The Edge Pro is a factory warranty center for Oster Professional and Oster Animal Divisions and will accept and repair products covered under factory warranty for items with proof of warranty.
**The Edge Pro is a factory authorized repair center for Andis but not for warranty products, all Andis warranty products are to be sent to Andis.
***PLEASE NOTE: Each manufacturer has its own warranty process and the end-user is responsible for complying with that warranty process.
****Any work done to a product under a factory warranty outside of the parameters of the warranty by any unauthorized individual will void the factory warranty and any further repairs will be at the expense of the owner.
Purchased by Mistake / Dissatisfaction / Defective Non-Warranty Items
Products purchased by mistake may be returned within 30 days in new, unopened, and unused condition. Items returned after being opened or used will not be accepted. Items returned that are not re-sellable as new will not be accepted.
Products that are found to be defective or dissatisfying to the end-user may be returned on a case by case basis only after the customer has attempted to contact The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades about the issue within 30 days of the original purchase.
In the case of a product that functions correctly but is not satisfactory to the end-user, this is an issue between the manufacturer and end-user; not The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades. All customers should do their due diligence to be informed about the quality of the products prior to their purchase.
*This has only the exception with products manufactured and distributed as Nebraska Blades and The Edge Pro original products.
**Any dissatisfaction with products manufactured by Nebraska Blades or The Edge Pro will be dealt with on a case by case basis. In these situations, we ask the customer to contact us as soon as an issue arises for the quickest possible resolution to any discrepancies.
*** Products from other manufacturers are subject to that company’s own quality control processes and all dissatisfaction should be directed to the respective company.
Parts installed improperly causing a malfunction, defect, or fault of the said part or other parts is the fault of the installer and not the distributor. It is in the best interest of the installer to know what they are doing before installing any new products and The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades is not liable for any damages to the product.
The Return Process
Determine if the product you have purchased is covered under any factory warranty.
If yes, then follow the respective factory warranty guidelines and contact the factory directly.
*If this is an Oster Professional or Oster Animal Division product under warranty you may contact The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades for warranty service as specified in the warranty information.
If no, contact The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades to determine if it qualifies for an eligible return based on the above policies.
*Not everything qualifies for an eligible return
Once The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades has authorized the return you mail address and ship to:
ATTN. Returns Department
The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades
1163 SW Ordnance RD
Ankeny IA 50023
*The sender of the return package is responsible for the shipment and checking the tracking information.
**The sender of the return package is responsible for following up on the package within 15 days of its delivery to The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades.
After the returned product has been delivered to The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades please allow up to five business days to process and be contacted.
Products returned outside of these guidelines will not be accepted. The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades is not obligated to accept any return that has not been pre-approved.
Further Question
All further questions should be asked directly to The Edge Pro / Nebraska Blades
Toll-free: 866-963-1990
Email: service@theedgepro.com
Sharpening Machine Warranty Information
CS-101, CS-201, and Little Red Clipper Blade Sharpening Machines
Limited Warranty: one-year warranty from date of purchase against defective parts or workmanship. Warranty limited to replacement of parts. This warranty covers only the original purchaser. Use of non-factory parts voids any warranty. This warranty gives you specific rights. You may also have other rights which may vary from state to state. Some states do not allow limitation or implied warranties or consequential damages, so these may not apply to you.
Disclaimer: There is no expressed warranty other than the limited warranty stated above. There is no implied warranty for the merchantability or for fitness for a particular purpose. Nebraska Blades, will not be responsible for any consequential damages. Damages are limited to the replacement of the defective parts.
Twice As Sharp® and OOKAMI Gold® Scissors Sharpeners, Rotary Sharpener
Limited Factory Warranty: Two-year warranty from date of purchase against defective parts or workmanship with the exception of the sharpening, buffing, honing and polishing wheels. Warranty limited to replacement of parts. The buyer must return the warranty card to the manufacturer for coverage of the warranty. This warranty covers only the original purchaser. Use of non-factory parts voids any warranty. This warranty gives you specific rights. You may also have other rights which may vary from state to state. Some states do not allow limitation or implied warranties or consequential damages, so these may not apply to you.
Disclaimer: There is no expressed warranty other than the limited warranty stated above. There is no implied warranty for the merchantability or for fitness for a particular purpose. Wolff Industries, Inc., will not be responsible for any consequential damages. Damages are limited to the replacement of the defective parts.
Tru Hone® Knife Sharpener
Guarantee and Service: The Tru Hone® sharpener has a 12-month service guarantee. If it is necessary to return the knife sharpener to the factory for repair, pack the Tru Hone® carefully and ship prepaid to Tru Hone Corporation.
Privacy Policy
The Edge Pro respects the privacy of its users that use our website located at www.TheEdgePro.com, including other media forms, media channels, mobile website or mobile application related or connected thereto. The following Company privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to inform you, as a user of the Website, about the types of information that the Company may gather about or collect from you in connection with your use of the Website. It also is intended to explain the conditions under which Company uses and discloses that information, and your rights in relation to that information. Changes to this Privacy Policy are discussed at the end of this document. Each time you use the Website, however, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, each time you use the Website you should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the beginning of this document) and review any changes since the last time you used the Website.
The Website is hosted in the United States of America and is subject to U.S. state and federal law. If you are accessing our Website from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in the United States, and by using our Website, you consent to that transfer and use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You also agree to abide by the applicable laws of applicable states and U.S. federal law concerning your use of the Website and your agreements with us. Any persons accessing our Website from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the Internet, including personal data collection, use, and disclosure, different from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the Website in a manner lawful in their jurisdiction. If your use of the Website would be unlawful in your jurisdiction, please do not use the Website.
BY USING OR ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
GATHERING, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF NON-PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Users of the Website Generally
“Non-Personally-Identifying Information” is information that, without the aid of additional information, cannot be directly associated with a specific person. “Personally-Identifying Information,” by contrast, is information such as a name or email address that, without more, can be directly associated with a specific person. Like most website operators, Company gathers from users of the Website Non-Personally-Identifying Information of the sort that Web browsers, depending on their settings, may make available. That information includes the user’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type and the locations of the websites the user views right before arriving at while navigating and immediately after leaving the Website. Although such information is not Personally-Identifying Information, it may be possible for Company to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet service provider and the geographic location of the visitor’s point of connectivity as well as other statistical usage data. Company analyzes Non-Personally-Identifying Information gathered from users of the Website to help Company better understand how the Website is being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, Company is able to better design the Website to improve users’ experiences, both in terms of content and ease of use. From time to time, Company may also release the Non-Personally-Identifying Information gathered from Website users in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website.
Web Cookies
A “Web Cookie” is a string of information which assigns you a unique identification that a website stores on a user’s computer, and that the user’s browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the website. We use cookies on the Website to keep track of services you have used, to record registration information regarding your login name and password, to record your user preferences, to keep you logged into the Website and to facilitate purchase procedures. The company also uses Web Cookies to track the pages that users visit during each Website session, both to help Company improve users’ experiences and to help Company understand how the Website is being used. As with other Non-Personally-Identifying Information gathered from users of the Website, Company analyzes and discloses in aggregated form information gathered using Web Cookies, so as to help Company, its partners and others better understand how the Website is being used. COMPANY USERS WHO DO NOT WISH TO HAVE WEB COOKIES PLACED ON THEIR COMPUTERS SHOULD SET THEIR BROWSERS TO REFUSE WEB COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF WEB COOKIES. WEBSITE USERS WHO REFUSE WEB COOKIES ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY.
Web Beacons
A “Web Beacon” is an object that is embedded in a web page or email that is usually invisible to the user and allows website operators to check whether a user has viewed a particular web page or an email. The company may use Web Beacons on the Website and in emails to count users who have visited particular pages, viewed emails and to deliver co-branded services. Web Beacons are not used to access users’ Personally-Identifying Information. They are a technique Company may use to compile aggregated statistics about Website usage. Web Beacons collect only a limited set of information, including a Web Cookie number, time and date of a page or email view and a description of the page or email on which the Web Beacon resides. You may not decline Web Beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all Web Cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a Web Cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline Web Cookies on an individual basis.
Analytics
We may use third-party vendors, including Google, who use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past activity on the Website, including Google Analytics for Display Advertising. The information collected may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. If you do not want any information to be collected and used by Google Analytics, you can install an opt-out in your web browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/) and/or opt-out from Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network by using Google’s Ads Settings (www.google.com/settings/ads).
Aggregated and Non-Personally-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated and Non-Personally Identifying Information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We may also share it with third parties and our affiliate companies to develop and deliver targeted advertising on the Website and on websites of third parties. We may combine Non-Personally Identifying Information we collect with additional Non-Personally Identifying Information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers, and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to the Website and the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not contain any Personally-Identifying Information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising.
Mobile Device Additional Terms
•  Mobile Device. If you use a mobile device to access the Website or download any of our applications, we may collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system, version information, and IP address.
•  Geo-Location Information. Unless we have received your prior consent, we do not access or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our mobile application or our services, except that it may be possible for Company to determine from an IP address the geographic location of your point of connectivity, in which case we may gather and use such general location data.
COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Website Registration
As defined above, Personally-Identifying Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person. The company may collect a range of Personally-Identifying Information from and about Website users. Much of the Personally-Identifying Information collected by Company about users is information provided by users themselves when (1) registering for our service, (2) logging in with social network credentials, (3) participating in polls, contests, surveys or other features of our service, or responding to offers or advertisements, (4) communicating with us, (5) creating a public profile or (6) signing up to receive newsletters. That information may include each user’s name, address, email address and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information). We also may request information about your interests and activities, your gender, age, date of birth, username, hometown and other demographic or relevant information as determined by the Company from time to time. Users of the Website are under no obligation to provide Company with Personally-Identifying Information of any kind, with the caveat that a user’s refusal to do so may prevent the user from using certain Website features.
BY REGISTERING WITH OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS “COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION” SECTION.
Online Postings
Certain Personally-Identifying Information collected from users may be disclosed as a matter of course as a result of your use of the Website. We may provide areas on the Website where you can post reviews and other information relating to your activities on the Website. Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. USERS ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS OF PRIVACY OR OTHER HARM RESULTING FROM THEIR VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION.
Company Communications
We may occasionally use your name and email address to send you notifications regarding new services offered by the Website that we think you may find valuable. We may also send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the service. Generally, you may opt-out of such emails at the time of registration or through your account settings, though we reserve the right to send you notices about your account, such as service announcements and administrative messages, even if you opt-out of all voluntary email notifications.
Company Disclosures
Company will disclose Personally-Identifying Information under the following circumstances:
•  By Law or to Protect Rights. When we believe disclosure is appropriate, we may disclose Personally-Identifying Information in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Company, our users, our employees or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements or policies, in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
•  Marketing Communications. Unless users opt-out from receiving Company marketing materials upon registration, the Company may email users about products and services that Company believes may be of interest to them. If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing materials from Company, you may do so by following the unsubscribe link in the email communications, by going to your account settings (if applicable) or contacting us using the contact information below.
•  Business Transfers; Bankruptcy. Company reserves the right to transfer all Personally-Identifying Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sales of all or a portion of the Company’s assets. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred Personally-Identifying Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy, or to a new privacy policy if you are given notice of that new privacy policy and are given an opportunity to affirmatively opt-out of it. Personally-Identifying Information submitted or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor organization.
Changing Personally-Identifying Information; Account Termination
You may at any time review or change your Personally-Identifying Information by going to your account settings (if applicable) or contacting us using the contact information below.  Upon your request, we will deactivate or delete your account and contact information from our active databases. Such information will be deactivated or deleted as soon as practicable based on your account activity and in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law. To make this request, either go to your account settings (if applicable) or contact us as provided below. We will retain in our files some Personally-Identifying Information to prevent fraud, to troubleshoot problems, to assist with any investigations, to enforce our Terms of Use and to comply with legal requirements as is permitted by law. Therefore, you should not expect that all your Personally-Identifying Information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. Additionally, we keep a history of changed information to investigate suspected fraud with your account.
General Use
Company uses the Personally-Identifying Information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Website (1) to deliver the products and services that you have requested; (2) to manage your account and provide you with customer support; (3) to communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our affiliated companies or other third parties; (4) to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on the Website and other sites; (5) to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems; (6) to measure consumer interest in our services; (7) to inform you of updates; (8) to customize your experience; (9) to detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; (10) to enforce our Terms of Use; and (11) to do as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems. In particular, we may examine your Personally-Identifying Information to identify users using multiple user IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your Personally-Identifying Information for accuracy and to detect errors and omissions. We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases made on the Website, enroll you in the discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions and otherwise as needed to manage our business.
SECURITY
We take the security of your Personally-Identifying Information seriously and use reasonable electronic, personnel and physical measures to protect it from loss, theft, alteration or misuse.  However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third-party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
We are dedicated to protect all information on the Website as is necessary. However, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Personally-Identifying Information by keeping your password confidential. You should change your password immediately if you believe someone has gained unauthorized access to it or your account. If you lose control of your account, you should notify us immediately.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Company may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to Company’s Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. Users should regularly check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. The company will always post new versions of the Privacy Policy on the Website. However, Company may, as determined in its discretion, decide to notify users of changes made to this Privacy Policy via email or otherwise. Accordingly, it is important that users always maintain and update their contact information.
CHILDREN
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") protects the online privacy of children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or maintain Personally-Identifying Information from anyone under the age of 13, unless or except as permitted by law. Any person who provides Personally-Identifying Information through the Website represents to us that he or she is 13 years of age or older. If we learn that Personally-Identifying Information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age on or through the Website, then we will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has become a member of the Website or has otherwise transferred Personally-Identifying Information to the Website, please contact Company using our contact information below to have that child's account terminated and information deleted.
DO-NOT-TRACK POLICY
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, the Website currently does not respond to DNT browser signals or mechanisms.
CONTACT
If you have any questions regarding our policies, please contact us at:
Toll-Free: 866-963-1990
Email: Service@theedgepro.com
The Edge Pro
1163 SW Ordnance Rd
Ankeny, IA 50023
View Map
Connect With Us
Phone: 515-963-1990
515-963-1990
Toll Free: 866-963-1990
866-963-1990
Fax: 515-964-0616
Contact Us
Quick Links
Shop
About Us
Policies
Contact Us
© 2020 The Edge Pro. All rights reserved.
Sitemap
Terms
WEB DEVELOPMENT BY
GLOBAL REACH
© 2020 The Edge Pro. All rights reserved.