http://www.northcote.co.uk/privacy.php
Home
Privacy
Services
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Northcote Internet Privacy Policy
Please read this carefully
Before using the Website – www.northcote.co.uk - it is your responsibility to read the privacy policy.
Please note that Northcote Internet Limited – referred to as Northcote in this policy - may revise this privacy policy at any time by posting an update on its Website.  Please ensure that you check this Website from time to time to review the current privacy policy against any preferences you may have indicated.  This privacy policy was last updated on the date shown above.
What is this privacy policy for?
Northcote is determined to protect your privacy.  It is very important to us that you should be able to use and enjoy the Website without having to compromise your privacy unacceptably.  This policy outlines how we may use the personal and behavioural information we hold about you and how you can access, change or delete your personal information.
Knowing something about our users is necessary to ensure that our service is continually improved.  We need to build an accurate picture of the needs and wishes of our users, and to be able to communicate with you.  That enables us to offer a service that is relevant and truly interactive, which is what our users expect. It also helps us to maintain the greatest possible free-to-user access to the Website.
Should I read any other information and terms?
Whenever you use the Website, information may be collected through the use of cookies so you should also read our cookie policy for more information about this.
You should also read the terms of use before using the Website.  By accessing and using it you are agreeing to be legally bound by the terms of use and this privacy policy.
What information will you collect about me?
We may ask you to provide personal information on a voluntary basis in order to get a clearer picture of our users.
It is then entirely up to you whether you are happy to give us this information.  For example, in the course of certain activities such as registration, commenting on the Website, or submitting content to the Website you will be asked to give some details about yourself (for example, email address, name, postcode or year of birth).
You may also choose to email us or make contact with us in other ways. Such contact gives us information about you.  We endeavour to explain to you why we would like this information and what we do with it at each stage.
Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not want us to collect it.
We automatically collect some data about our users' browsing actions and patterns. This is aggregate data and does not identify any individual.  We do this using cookies through a number of carefully selected, trusted third parties. If you would like to know more about Northcote’s use of cookies and how to manage them, do read our cookie policy.
How will this information be used?
We use the aggregate audience details (where no individual is identifiable) to help us improve our understanding of our users and what they want.
We also use this information to ensure we provide the best possible content, tailoring where we can to our users interests. It also helps us develop the Website and audit its use.
The information about you as an identifiable individual, including contact details, may be used in a number of ways, including:
Verifying your identity (for example when you return to the Website)
Personalising your visits to the Website and developing the design and style of the Website to improve the services provided to you
Informing you about the latest changes to the Website
Dealing with, and responding to you about, a comment you have submitted for or on our message boards, blogs and other such user generated content facilities
Enabling you to share our content with others using social media or email
Communicating (and personalising such communication) with you
Compiling customer reviews
Conducting market research
Will I receive spam?
We will not send you any unsolicited marketing. We will only send you emails or other marketing messages where you have signed up to receive these. Marketing emails you have signed up to will also tell you how you can unsubscribe should you decide that you no longer wish to receive them.
Please note that registered users may receive important information about Northcote.co.uk (such as changes to the Standard.co.uk service or other administration matters). As a registered user, this is not spam.
How can I access and update my personal information?
You can update some of your personal information by signing in to your account page or through your social network provider.
How long do you keep my personal information for?
We will keep your information only for as long as it is relevant and useful for the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Please note that if your account appears to have not been used for 2 years, we may try and contact you to check whether it is still in use and/or we may delete it.
What security measures do you use?
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Who will you share my personal information with?
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to comply with applicable laws (such as the Data Protection Act 1998) and government or regulatory bodies' lawful requests for information.
Your personal details may be shared with third party organisations we have contracted to provide services to us which include processing data.
We may also have to release information (which could include the contents of email communications between any persons) because of a legal requirement on us or pursuant to a court order.
We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.
Will my data be sent overseas?
As you will know, the internet does not recognise national boundaries. Services on the net are accessible globally so collection and transmission of personal data is not always confined to one country.
You should be aware that by using the Website or any Website we link through to, your personal data may be processed in or transferred to other countries, the USA for example, and you agree to your personal data being transferred or processed in this way.
What do I do if I am not happy for you to share information about me with others?
You may not wish us to share personal details about you with third parties outside northcote.co.uk, or to use your information in the other ways we have described in this privacy policy.
You can email northcote@northcote.co.uk at any time to let us know of any objections you may have as to how we use or disclose your data in the ways set out in this privacy policy.
Other Websites
The Website does contain links to and from the Websites of advertisers and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these Websites, please note that these Websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these Websites.
Further information
If you want further information, or wish to communicate with us about this privacy policy and your wishes about your personal information, please email us at northcote@northcote.co.uk
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#