http://www.gonnella.com/service/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
Gonnella Baking Co
Retailers
Grocers
In-Store Bakeries
Convenience Stores
Delis
Food Service
Restaurants & QSR
Concessions
Healthcare
Schools & Universities
Food Manufacturers
Contract Baking
Private Label Products
Custom Baking Solutions
Consumers
Careers
Gonnella
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact us Today
USDA My Plate
Email
Print
You have not viewed any products recently.
Home>Gonnella>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Gonnella Baking Co. (“the Company”) is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its website visitors.  Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our website.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Gonnella Baking Co. is very sensitive to the privacy concerns of the visitors to its website.  We collect “Non-Personal Information” and “Personal Information.”  As a general policy, no Personal Information is collected automatically from visitors to our website.  Personal Information is collected only when voluntarily submitted.  Such voluntary submissions include registration for a mailing list or applying for a job with us.  The type of Personal Information we may collect when submitted by you includes:
- Contact information, such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number.
- Your birth date.
- Educational background, employment history and other information relevant to any job(s) for which you apply.
- Other personal information you may provide.
Certain Non-Personal Information of visitors is recorded.  Non-Personal Information is information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, and number of clicks.
To enhance your experience with our site, many of our web pages use "cookies."  Cookies, or small text files, include an anonymous unique identifier that are sent to a user’s browser from our servers and are stored on the user’s computer hard drive.  Sending a cookie to a user’s browser enables us to collect Non-Personal Information about that user and keep a record of the user’s preferences when utilizing our services, both on an individual and aggregate basis.
The Company may use both persistent and session cookies; persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your session and until you delete them, while session cookies expire when you close your browser.
II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION
Personal Information:
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent.  In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you. We do share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for the Company, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We safeguard any Personal Information we retain about you. However, we may be required to release personal information about you as a result of a lawsuit or subpoena or as immediately as necessary to protect our rights or the rights and safety of others.
Non-Personal Information:
In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the website and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information in order to track trends and analyze use patterns on the website. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners and other third parties at our discretion.
III. YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
IV. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
V. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this website, please contact us by sending an email to TMarcucci@gonnella.com.
Click here to contact us.
Gonnella
Contact Gonnella | About Gonnella | News & Announcements | Working at Gonnella | Vendor Opportunities | FAQs | Online Ordering | Sales Administration
Frozen Dough | Baked Frozen Breads | Thaw 'N Sell | Custom Baking Solutions | Consumer Items
Frozen Dough Training Videos | Gonnella Videos | SandwichMasters.com
Gonnella Baking Company | 1117 E Wiley Rd., Schaumburg, IL  60173 | P 800-322-8829 | F 312-733-7056
© 2020 Gonnella Baking Company, All Right Reserved | Privacy Policy | Site Map
close