https://www.qualintra.com/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Use of personal data collected
Medias
If you are a registered user and you upload images to the website, we advise you to avoid uploading images containing EXIF GPS coordinates. Visitors to your website can download and extract location data from these images.
Contact Forms
If you fill out a form on our site, you will be asked to register your name, e-mail address and other information to allow us to contact you.
Cookies
If you submit a comment on our site, you will be asked to save your name, e-mail address and website in cookies. It’s only for your comfort so you do not have to enter this information if you post another comment later. These cookies expire after one year.
If you have an account and log into this site, a temporary cookie will be created to determine if your browser accepts cookies. It does not contain personal data and will be deleted automatically when you close your browser.
When you sign in, we’ll set up a number of cookies to save your login information and screen preferences. The lifetime of a login cookie is two days, that of a screen option cookie is one year. If you check “remember me”, your cookie will be kept for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookie will be deleted.
By modifying or publishing a publication, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie does not include any personal data. It simply indicates the ID of the publication you just edited. It expires after one day.
Embedded content from other sites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (eg videos, images, articles …). Content embedded from other sites behaves in the same way as if the visitor visited that other site.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed third-party tracking tools, track your interactions with these embedded content if you have an account connected to their website.
Storage times of your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are kept indefinitely. This will automatically recognize and approve the following comments instead of leaving them in the moderation queue.
For users who register on our site (if this is possible), we also store the personal data indicated in their profile. All users can view, modify, or delete their personal information at any time (except their username). Site managers can also view and edit this information.
The rights you have on your data
If you have an account or have left comments on the site, you can request to receive a file containing all the personal data we have about you, including the ones you have provided. You can also request the deletion of your personal data. This does not take into account the data stored for administrative, legal or security reasons.
For any request, please contact Benoit Moransais: b.moransais[at]qualintra.com.
Look inside, see what’s next
By pursuing your navigation on this site, you accept the use of cookies allowing us to offer you an optimal navigation.I acceptI refusePrivacy policy