https://www.mrtakeoutbags.com/mm5/merchant.mvc?Screen=cp-privacy-policy
Help us support the Restaurant Workers' Community Foundation    Info
Phone: 888-321-2248 | Hours: 8:30am - 6pm EST M-F
Shop By Type Bags
Plastic - Take Out / Carryout Bags
Paper Bread Bags, Bakery Bags, Takeout Bags
Wine Bottle Bags
Paper French Fry Bags / Paper Snack Bags
Euro-tote Wine Bags / Gift Bags with Rope Handles
Wholesale Reusable Bags
Boxes
BOXES | Bakery Boxes
Take Out Boxes & Containers
Cupcake Boxes
Candy Boxes, Lids and Inserts
Wine Gift Boxes & Carriers
Olive Oil and Vinegar Gift Boxes
Jar Gift Boxes
Wholesale Beer Bottle Carriers
- 6 Pack Holders & 4 Pack Holders
Pop-up Gift Card Boxes
Corrugated Mailer Boxes
Shredded Paper Filler
Cups
Beverage Supplies
Coffee Cup Sleeves
Coffee Cups & Lids
Cups & Glasses
Paper Coffee Cups
Paper Straws and Compostable Straws
Wholesale Cold Cups / Drinkings Cups
Disposable Ice Cream Cups
Bowls / Containers
Compostable Clear Plastic Deli Containers
Compostable Bowls with Lids
Wholesale Meal Prep Containers
Plastic Containers & Bowls
Serving Bowls
Soup Cups & Food Containers
Trays / Platters
Disposable Oval Bowls / Burrito Bowls
Compostable Takeout Containers / Compostable Grab and Go Containers
Bakery
Baking Supplies
Cupcake Box Inserts & Holders, Baking Cups, Liners & Wrappers
Tissue / Wrap / Liners
Macaron Boxes Containers and Inserts
Tableware
Cutlery / Serving Utensils
Dessert Cups & Dishes
Napkins
Plates
Shop By Use
Wholesale Ecommerce Packaging
Tamper Evident Take Out / Delivery Packaging
Wholesale Disposable Food Service Gloves
Eco Friendly Food Packaging | Compostable & Biodegradable | MrTakeOutBags.com
Soup & Deli
Coffee & Beverage
Catering, Tableware & Events
Food Truck Supplies - Disposable Packaging
To Go Lunch & Meal Boxes & Containers
Bakery & Cupcake Packaging
Restaurant Takeout Supplies
Wine & Spirits
Take Out Bags
Pink Packaging Products for Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Holiday Packaging
Videos
Sampling Dishes
Bonita A La Carte Foodservice and Retail Packaging
Just Added Featured Products Clearance & Closeouts
Shop By Use
Coffee Shop Supplies
Eco Friendly Food Packaging | Compostable & Biodegradable | MrTakeOutBags.com
Soup & Deli
Coffee & Beverage
Catering, Tableware & Events
To Go Lunch & Meal Boxes & Containers
Bakery & Cupcake Packaging
Restaurant Takeout Supplies
Wine & Spirits
Take Out Bags
Privacy Policy YOUR PRIVACY MrTakeOutBags values you and respects your privacy. We collect information to support our relationship with you, improve our product offering and to communicate about products, services, and promotions. MrTakeOutBags recognizes that we must maintain and use information responsibly. We will not share your information with any other third parties without your prior permission.
You can always find the most recent version of our privacy policy on this page.
Effective Date: 10/1/10
Updated: 5/29/2018
What information does MrTakeOutBags collect and why?
We collect information you provide when you place an order, register with us, send an e-card, send us an e-mail or call us, enter a sweepstakes or enroll in a club or service. This information may include the following:
Your name / company name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Your phone number Your credit card number - MrTakeOutBags.com only stores a Credit Card Token, which if stolen through a data breach, is completely useless. This token relates to the actual card number that is securely stored with our Payment Processor: Authorize.net
Who does MrTakeOutBags share information with?
We will never share your personal information with any other third parties unless we have your permission or you have been notified. MrTakeOutBags reserves the right to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the investigation of alleged unlawful activities of our customers related to electronic communication transmitted on our site. MrTakeOutBags will have no legal liability for such disclosures.
Google Analytics
We track website stats and user behavior in 'aggregate' via Google Analytics. This information is not personally identifiable, and we are unable to connect any of the information to you directly.
How does MrTakeOutBags handle contest and survey responses?
Periodically, MrTakeOutBags will invite customers to participate in contests and surveys. The information we collect from these contests and surveys may be associated with individual customer accounts and used by MrTakeOutBags to improve your overall customer experience. No individual information will be given to third parties unless we have your prior permission or you have been notified.
What technical devices and processes does MrTakeOutBags.com use to collect information about me?
We use technology that allows us to identify what type of browser you are using, the web site from which you enter MrTakeOutBags.com and the pages you view as you tour our site. This technology helps us compile aggregate statistics about our online guests and their use of MrTakeOutBags.com, which allows us to make improvements in design and content to better serve you.
What are cookies and how does MrTakeOutBags.com use them?
A cookie is a small file that can be stored on your computer's hard drive. MrTakeOutBags.com uses cookies to provide features such as auto-login and to determine when customers have previously visited our site. If you choose to set your browser to reject cookies, we will not be able to make auto-login functionality available to you, including giving you access to your address book without first entering your MrTakeOutBags.com user name and password.
How do I access and make changes to my preferences to receive e-mail?
When you establish a MrTakeOutBags.com account, your account automatically indicates that you want to receive promotional information from MrTakeOutBags regarding news about our products and services. In addition, it automatically indicates that you would like to be informed about special offers, products and free samples.
How do I access and make changes to my personal information?
You can modify or delete your personal information anytime. Simply go to the Your Account link located at the top of the MrTakeOutBags.com homepage.
How will I know when MrTakeOutBags.com changes its privacy policy?
Our privacy policy is regularly reviewed to make sure we continue to serve the privacy interests of our customers. If our information practices change materially, we will post the policy changes on the privacy page of this website to notify you of these changes. You should check our website periodically for more information on how we use the data we collect.
How do I contact MrTakeOutBags.com if I still have questions?
You may contact us by using the Contact Us link. We try to reply promptly to every message we receive. This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments and share them with our customer care team to improve our service in the future. Your personal information will only be shared with third parties in the event that we need to follow up with specific order-related questions or comments; the third parties will not use your information for promotional or any other purposes.
Mr.TakeOutBags.com Blog Helpful information, recipes, packaging ideas, and more!
Read Our Blog
Subscribe
Need Help?
×Close MrTakeOutBags Newsletter Signup
Sign up today to recieve special offers and promotions from MrTakeOutBags
Submit
×Close Newsletter Signup
Thank you. Your email is already in our system.
×Close Help Support Restaurant Workers
Support the community of restaurant workers across the country. MrTakeOutBags.com is a proud supporter of Restaurant Workers' Community Foundation which is an advocacy and action nonprofit created by and for restaurant workers.
Learn more about the foundation and donate now to help restaurant workers affected during the pandemic.
Donate
×Close Newsletter Signup
Thank you. Your email has been added to our newsletter system!
×Close Newsletter Signup
There has been an error in processing your request. That probably means you're already signed up for the main newsletter.
Info Links About Us Our Story Blog Contact Us Copyright Glossary / Definitions Links Order Info Privacy Policy Problem : Solved Resources Return Policy Shipping Videos
WAREHOUSE AND OFFICE ADDRESS: 855 South Canal Street Pittsburgh PA 15212
E-Mail Sales Inquires: sales@mrtakeoutbags.com Need Custom Packaging or Branded Packaging? Get Started Here!
CONTACT US Toll-Free: 888-321-2248 Ph: 412-321-1776 Fax: 412-321-7253
Need Help?
×Close Help Menu
Your best bet for help is to call us!   888-321-2248   M-F 9AM 6PM ET
Need Samples?
Experience has taught us that the best way to move forward with something like this is for you to call in and speak with one of our packaging advisors. They can discuss your sample request with you, and may even have an additional product suggestion or two.
Need Branded Packaging or Custom Printed Packaging?
Experience has proven that talking directly to a rep over the phone is the best way to communicate regarding Custom Printed Packaging. Call us and we'll walk you through what's needed, step by step, person to person. If you can't talk right now, head over to our Custom Packaging Section, pick a product, and fill out the form.
Custom Packaging
When will my order arrive?
Most of our items ship from our Pittsburgh, PA warehouse - however sometimes we will ship from our sister warehouses in other locations, which can alter shipping times.
For most orders, you can refer to the FedEx shipping times map below.
If you need products by a specific date, please don't hesisitate to call us and confirm.
Other Issue? Message us (click here).
What's your issue about?
Shipping / Billing
Products
Website / Technical Problems
Other
Email: *Required
Phone:
Order Number If applicable
Your Question / Message / Issue *Required
Message Sent! Success!We will typically respond within 24 hours, or Monday if you leave a message on the weekend.   888-321-2248   M-F 9AM 6PM ET
Close
×
Sign up for our newsletter and never miss a beat. You can expect to find: Site Updates and Features Insights & Tips from food service packaging experts First Look at our Newest Products
First Name  *required
Last Name
Company
Email Address  *required
Email won't be shared with outside companies.
Phone Number
Select your Business Type  *required
Choose One Ad / Brand /Marketing Agency Apparel Bakery Brewery / Winery / Distillery Cafe / Deli Caterer Club / Organization Coffee / Tea Shop College / Institution / School / University eCommerce Event Fitness / Meal Prep Food Truck Hotel / Resort / Spa Industrial / Scientific Other Foodservice Other Non-Foodservice Restaurant Retail Store Specialty Food
Sign Up
Close
×Close