http://www.khov.com/terms-conditions
Skip to Content (press ENTER)
Home
Find Your New Home
Active Lifestyle
Build On Your Lot
Why Choose Us
Finance Your Home
Contact Us
Recently Viewed
Blog
Investor Relations
Careers
Homeowner Services
Site Map
Advanced Search
Back
Recently Viewed Communities
Back
Market
County
City
Arizona
Northwest ValleyPhoenixScottsdaleSouthwest Valley
California
Central ValleyFresnoInland EmpireNorthern CaliforniaSacramentoSouthern California
Delaware
Delaware BeachesDoverMiddletown
Florida
Boca RatonOrlandoSouth Florida
Georgia
Coastal EmpireSavannah
Illinois
ChicagoFox ValleyNorthwest SuburbsSouthwest Suburbs
Maryland
AnnapolisBaltimoreWashington DC
New Jersey
Central JerseyNorth Jersey
Ohio
AkronClevelandNortheast Ohio
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
CharlestonHilton Head Island
Texas
Dallas/Fort WorthHouston
Virginia
FredericksburgNorthern VirginiaStafford
Washington DC
Washington DC
West Virginia
Arizona
Maricopa CountyPinal County
California
Contra Costa CountyEl Dorado CountyFresno CountyKern CountyMadera CountyPlacer CountyRiverside CountySacramento CountySan Benito CountySan Bernardino CountySan Joaquin CountyStanislaus CountySutter CountyYolo CountyYuba County
Delaware
Kent CountyNew Castle CountySussex County
Florida
Broward CountyMartin CountyOrange CountyOsceola CountyPalm Beach CountySt. Lucie CountyVolusia County
Georgia
Bryan County
Illinois
Grundy CountyKendall CountyLake CountyWill County
Maryland
Anne Arundel CountyCarroll CountyFrederick CountyHarford CountyQueen Anne's CountyWorcester County
New Jersey
Essex CountyHudson CountyMiddlesex CountyMonmouth County
Ohio
Lake CountyLorain CountySummit County
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Beaufort CountyBerkeley CountyCharleston County
Texas
Dallas/Fort WorthCollin CountyDallas CountyDenton CountyEllis CountyGrayson CountyKaufman CountyTarrant CountyHoustonBrazoria CountyChambers CountyFort Bend CountyGalveston CountyHarris CountyMontgomery County
Virginia
Fairfax CountyLoudoun CountyPrince William CountyStafford County
Washington DC
West Virginia
Arizona
BuckeyeCasa GrandeCave CreekGlendaleMaricopaPhoenixScottsdaleSun City
California
AdelantoAntiochBakersfieldBrentwoodEl Dorado HillsFontanaFowlerHollisterIndioLake ElsinoreLincolnLive OakLodiMaderaMercedMountain HousePattersonPlumas LakeRancho MurietaRosevilleSanta PaulaStocktonVictorvilleWinters
Delaware
CamdenFeltonLewesMagnoliaMiddletownMilfordMillsboroOcean ViewSelbyville
Florida
ApopkaBoynton BeachCoral SpringsDavenportDeBaryFort PierceJupiterKissimmeeOcoeePalm Beach GardensParklandPort St. LucieSt. CloudStuartWinter GardenZephyrhills
Georgia
Richmond Hill
Illinois
Buffalo GroveHawthorn WoodsJolietLibertyvilleMorrisMundeleinOswegoPlanoYorkville
Maryland
Bel AirBerlinBrunswickChesterGambrillsMillersvilleMt. Airy
New Jersey
Cedar GroveEdisonOld BridgeWall TownshipWest New York
Ohio
ElyriaGreenLorainNorth RidgevillePainesville Township
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
BlufftonMt PleasantSummerville
Texas
Dallas/Fort WorthCelina DallasFlower MoundForneyFort WorthGarlandHaltom CityHasletIrvingJustinMelissaMurphyPlanoRed OakRowlettSachseVan AlstyneHoustonAlvinBaytown CrosbyDickinsonHoustonHumbleKatyLeague City MagnoliaManvelMissouri CityMont BelvieuNeedvillePasadenaRichmond Rosenberg Tomball
Virginia
AlexandriaDumfriesFredericksburgLortonNokesvillePurcellvilleWoodbridge
Washington DC
West Virginia
Home > K. Hovnanian® Homes Terms and Conditions
Menu
Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE
Updated December 20, 2019
These Terms and Conditions, as may be amended
from time to time (hereafter, “Terms”), govern your use of
this website and the materials accessible on or from this website
(collectively, the “Website”). All users (“Users”) of this
Website agree that access to and use of this Website is subject to
the Terms. K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC or its
affiliates (“Hovnanian“, “us” or “we“) provides
this Website to you (“You” or “Your”) and each user (“User”)
subject to these Terms, other applicable laws, and Hovnanian’s
other policies, including our Privacy Policy.
You
accept these Terms by accessing or using this Website in any manner,
even if You do not create an Account at this Website. To respect the
privacy of children and to comply with the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act (15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-6506), we do not
knowingly provide products or services to children under the age of
18. This Website is a general audience site that is not designed nor
intended to collect personal information from children. You
represent and warrant that You are at least 18 years of age and of
legal competence to enter into this agreement. If You are using this
Website on behalf of Your employer, You represent and warrant that
You are authorized to accept these Terms on behalf of Your employer.
SECTION
18 OF THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING
CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THIS SECTION AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS ABOUT HOW TO
RESOLVE DISPUTES THAT YOU MAY HAVE WITH US. READ IT CAREFULLY.
Hovnanian
may change these Terms at any time. This is the most current version
of these Terms. By continuing to access or use this Website, You
accept any changes or revisions to the Terms.
IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO NOT
USE THIS WEBSITE.
1. General Terms and Conditions
The Terms apply to use of this Website by You and all Users. By
accessing or using the Website, You and all Users agree to be bound
by the Terms. Hovnanian provides the information, services, text,
graphic, links or other material on this Website to You and all Users
conditioned on Your acceptance without modification of the Terms.
The information offered on this Website is provided with the
understanding that neither Hovnanian nor any of its affiliated
entities is engaged in rendering legal or other professional services
or advice. The use of the Website is subject to the additional
disclaimers, caveats and notices that may appear throughout the
Website.
2. License
to Use this Website
Hovnanian grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
limited and revocable license to use this Website subject to the
Terms. You may use this Website and information acquired from this
Website for Your own personal, non-commercial, lawful purposes. You
may not use this Website in a manner that exceeds the rights granted
for Your use.
Other than connecting to
this Website by http or https request using a web browser, You may
not attempt to access Hovnanian’s servers or this Website by any
means. In particular, You are prohibited from scraping, crawling,
data-mining, or using any robot, spider, or other automatic device to
send queries to Hovnanian’s servers or this Website. You may not
use this Website to compile data for use by any commercial entity.
You agree not to disrupt,
modify or interfere with this Website, or its associated software,
hardware, and servers in any way. You agree not to impede or
interfere with others’ use of this Website. You further agree not
to alter or tamper with any information or materials on or associated
with this Website.
The Website and all rights therein are and will remain with Hovnanian
or one of our affiliates. You may view, copy or print a single copy
of any page from the Website for personal, non-commercial purposes if
you do not remove, modify or alter any copyright or proprietary
rights notices that may be present. You may not otherwise use,
modify, copy, print, display, distribute, publish, or sell any
information, images or other content from the Website without our
express, prior, written consent. YOU MAY NOT USE ANY PORTION OF THE
WEBSITE FOR ANY COMMERCIAL PURPOSE. Any special rules for any
software, audio files, video files, downloads and other items
accessible through the Website may be included elsewhere in the
Website and are incorporated into these Terms by reference.
You may not: (i) remove or obscure any copyright, trademark, digital
watermarks, proprietary legends or other proprietary notices from any
portion of the Website; (ii) reproduce, modify, prepare derivative
works based upon, distribute, license, lease, sell, resell, transfer,
publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or
otherwise exploit the Website, or any aspect of it, except as
expressly permitted by us; (iii) decompile, reverse engineer,
jeopardize the correct functioning of the Website, or disassemble the
Website, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of the
software (including the tools, processes, methods and infrastructure)
that enables or underlies the Website, except as may be permitted by
applicable law; (iv) link to, mirror or frame any portion of the
Website; (v) cause or launch any programs, spiders, robots, or
scripts or other automatic or manual devices or processes for the
purpose of extracting, scraping, indexing, surveying or otherwise
data mining any portion of the Website, or unduly burdening or
hindering the operation and/or functionality of any aspect of the
Website; (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to or impair any
aspect of the Website, or the related systems, servers or networks;
(vii) use the Website to stalk, harass or harm another individual, or
in any way that is in violation of any law or regulation; (viii)
impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your
affiliation with any person or entity; or (ix) use any portion of the
Website or any content in any manner that may give a false or
misleading impression, attribution or statement as to us or any other
person or entity.
3. Assignments
Hovnanian may assign this agreement at any time without notice to You
and/or its Users. You may not assign this agreement to anyone else,
and any attempt to assign shall be void.
4. Equal
Housing Opportunity
All real estate information provided herein is subject to the Federal
Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise “any
preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color,
religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or
intention to make any such preference, limitation or discrimination.”
Your state or local jurisdiction may impose additional requirements.
Hovnanian is pledged to the letter and spirit of the United States
policy for the achievement of equal housing opportunity. Hovnanian
encourages and supports an affirmative advertising and marketing
program in which there are no barriers to obtaining housing because
of race, color, religion, gender, handicap, familial status, or
national origin. All dwellings within the United States advertised
by Hovnanian’s affiliated entities are available on an equal
opportunity basis.
5. Informational
Purposes Only
The content provided on this Site is intended for informational
purposes only and is not intended to be a legally binding offer or
solicitation. Hovnanian assumes no responsibility or liability for
any actions taken as a result of using this Website, or for errors or
omissions in content. Hovnanian has no duty to keep the Website
updated.
6. Privacy
Policy
Hovnanian maintains a Privacy Policy describing its collection,
retention, and use of information about users of this Website which
incorporated by reference as though fully set forth herein. This
policy can be accessed
here,
and is incorporated herein by reference.
The Privacy Policy contains policies and practices regarding Your
information and how Hovnanian will treat it. If You do not agree
with our policies and practices, Your choice is not to use our
Website. By accessing or using this Website, You agree to this
Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time, as set
forth in the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Website
after Hovnanian makes changes is deemed to be acceptance of those
changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Hovnanian respects Your privacy and is committed to protecting it
through compliance with the Hovnanian Privacy Policy. In addition,
the Privacy Policy includes additional rights for California
residents as it pertains to use of their personal information. The
Privacy Policy is designed to comply with the California Consumer
Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).
7. Links
to Other Websites
You may find links to other Internet sites or resources on this
Website that offer content, goods, or services. A link from this
Website to a third party website does not imply endorsement of that
website nor any ability to control that site’s contents, products
or privacy practices. You acknowledge and agree that Hovnanian has
no responsibility or liability (directly or indirectly) for: the
availability of such external sites or resources; the availability or
accuracy of any content, the appropriateness or inappropriateness of
any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or
available from such sites or resources; any damage, loss, claim, or
complaint (actual or alleged) caused by, arising from, or in
connection with Your use of or reliance on any such content, goods,
or services available on or through any such site or resource.
8. Hovnanian’s
Intellectual Property – Service and Trade Marks
The entire content of information on this Website, including without
limitation all images, videos, design, text, images, screen displays,
software, photographs, press releases and other information, are
copyrighted as a collective work and protected under the United
States and other copyright laws, and are owned by Hovnanian and/or
used under license or permission from the copyright owner, and are
protected under U.S. and international intellectual property laws.
Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be
construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights,
whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise.
You agree not to reproduce, distribute, display or create derivative
works of any part of this Website or any information presented to You
through this Website, in whole or in part. This prohibition includes
unauthorized copying or distribution of any of the content displayed
or used on this Website, framing content from this Website, or
creating any unauthorized derivative work. The information contained
in this Website may not, except under written license, be copied,
reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented,
sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in
whole or in part in any manner without Hovnanian’s prior written
consent, except to the extent that such use is authorized under U.S.
or other intellectual property laws. Hovnanian’s logos, images,
service marks and trademarks used on the Website are owned property
of Hovnanian and may not be used without prior written consent of
authorized Hovnanian officers.
Hovnanian uses third party trademarks on this Website to identify the
owners of those marks. Use of any third party trademark is meant
only to identify the trademark owner and its goods and services, and
is not intended to imply any association or sponsorship between the
trademark owner and this Website. All third party trademarks and
logos are the property of their respective owners.
9. Submission
of Confidential Information and Ideas
From time to time, Users submit ideas to Hovnanian, by email, social
media, or in the course of a customer service interaction, for
improving this Website or Hovnanian’s services. Hovnanian has no
obligation to treat this material as confidential information as
stated in the Privacy Policy. To the extent that You wish to have
Your idea remain confidential, to retain rights in Your idea, or wish
to be compensated for submission of Your idea, please do not submit
it to Hovnanian.
10. Intellectual
Property Claims
If You believe
that Your copyright has been infringed in any way by this Website, promptly
provide in writing the following information to our Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. §512) Designated Agent:
i)
A physical or electronic signature of a person
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed;
ii)
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to
have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single on-line site
are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at
that site;
iii)
Identification of the material that is claimed to
be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be
removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Hovnanian to locate the material;
iv)
Information reasonably sufficient
to permit Hovnanian to contact You, such as an address, telephone number and
e-mail address;
v)
A statement that You have a good faith belief that
the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent or the law;
vi)
A statement that the information in the notice is
accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that You are authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
The Designated Agent for this Website is:
K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC
Attention: Corporate Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
Or fax to: (732) 383-2941, Attn: Corporate Legal
Department
If You believe that Your other intellectual property or publicity
rights have been infringed in any way by this Website, please provide
a detailed description of the alleged infringement for further
investigation via e-mail to privacy@khov.com.
Hovnanian’s actions in receiving, investigating, or responding to
Your e-mail shall not constitute Hovnanian’s agreement or
verification of Your claim(s) nor any admission of liability
therefor. Hovnanian makes no commitment, covenant, promise,
warranty, representation, or guarantee that it will receive, review,
investigate, or respond to Your claim within any particular time.
11. Notification
Any notices to be given to Hovnanian under these Terms shall be made
in writing to privacy@khov.com
or to the following address:
K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC
Attention: Corporate Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
You agree that Hovnanian can send You electronic notices to the
e-mail address that You provided to Hovnanian in creating Your
Account or by displaying the notice on this Website. You agree that
all notices, agreements, disclosures, and other communications that
we provide to You electronically satisfy any legal requirement that
such communications be in writing. You further agree that Hovnanian
may deliver notice to you by written communication delivered by first
class U.S. mail or courier service to your address on record in Your
Account.
12. User
Account, Password and Security
To the extent that a user account is created by you to access and use
the Website (“User Account”), the following will apply:
To access certain features and/or content available through the
Website, we may require that You sign up using your email address and
a password to create a User Account. If You do not create a User
Account, You may not have access to certain functionality of the
Website. We use reasonable precautions to protect the privacy of
Your username, password, and User Account information. You, however,
are ultimately responsible for protecting Your username, password,
and User Account information from disclosure to third parties, and
You are not permitted to circumvent the use of required encryption
technologies, if any. You agree to (i) immediately notify us of any
unauthorized use of Your username, password, or User Account, or any
other breach of security; (ii) ensure that You exit from Your User
Account at the end of each session; and (iii) use a security passcode
to secure Your device where Your User Account information is stored.
While we may provide certain encryption technologies and use other
reasonable precautions to protect Your confidential information and
provide suitable security, we do not and cannot guarantee or warrant
that information transmitted through the Internet is secure, or that
such transmissions are free from delay, interruption, interception or
error.
Any transmission of
personal information is at your own risk.
In creating and using Your User Account, You agree to: (i) provide
true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself on
any registration form required for the Website, including, but not
limited to, Your full name, email address, and zip code (such
information being the “Registration Data”), and (ii) maintain and
promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate,
current, and complete. If You provide any information that is
untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if we have
reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue,
inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, then we have the right to
suspend or terminate Your User Account and refuse any and all current
or future use of Your User Account.
User Accounts and usernames are non-transferable, and all users are
obligated to take preventative measures to prohibit unauthorized
users from accessing the Website with his or her username and
password. You agree that You are solely responsible for activity
that occurs under Your User Account. We are entitled to act on all
instructions received by anyone using Your User Account, and we
reserve the right to pursue any and all claims against any user of
Your User Account.
We reserve the right to deactivate or cancel a User Account in our
sole discretion, including for the following reasons: (i) You request
such deactivation; (ii) You are deceased; (iii) You do not respond to
repeated communication attempts regarding the status of Your User
Account; (iv) You fail to make payments related to Your User Account
(if applicable); (v) You reside in or relocate to a country where use
of a User Account is prohibited under applicable law; or (vi) You act
in a fraudulent or inappropriate manner while using the User Account.
You will be responsible for all charges incurred up until the time
the account in deactivated, if applicable.
We may retain User Account information and some automatically
collected information for as long as You use Your User Account and
for a reasonable time thereafter, and as required by applicable law.
If You would like us to delete Your User Account information that you
have provided, please contact us a privacy@khov.com
and we will respond in a reasonable time. Information that You enter
in the Website will generally remain there until we receive a
legitimate request to remove it.
13. No
Representations or Warranties.
Hovnanian makes no
representation or warranty of any kind with respect to the materials
and information contained on this Website.
YOU USE THIS WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA, DAMAGE RESULTING
FROM RELIANCE ON INFORMATION FROM THIS WEBSITE, OR OTHER DAMAGES THAT
RESULT FROM OBTAINING ANY CONTENT FROM THE WEBSITE INCLUDING COMPUTER
VIRUSES) EVEN IF HOVNANIAN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR IS AWARE OF THE
RISK OF SUCH DAMAGE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, HOVNANIAN PROVIDES THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, THE INFORMATION
AND THE CONTENT “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WITH ALL
FAULTS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND HOVNANIAN SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ISSUES RELATING TO THE USE OF, OR
THE MATERIAL ON, THE WEBSITE SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING THE
WEBSITE AND CEASE FROM USING THE INFORMATION OR MATERIAL OBTAINED.
YOU AGREE THAT HOVNANIAN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATING
TO YOUR USE OF, OR RELIANCE UPON THE WEBISTE OR ANY OF ITS CONTENT.
NO INFORMATION OR ADVICE PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE BY HOVNANIAN, OR BY
HOVNANIAN’S EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.
HOVNANIAN MAKES NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, COVENANT, OR GUARANTEE WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED:
i)
AS TO THE VALUE, QUALITY, TIMELINESS, USEFULNESS,
RELIABILITY, SECURITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTHFULNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS
WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, THE INFORMATION, OR THE CONTENT;
ii)
THAT THIS WEBSITE
WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE;
iii)
THAT THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, THE INFORMATION,
OR THE CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS;
iv)
AS TO THE QUALITY OR VALUE OF ANY OF HOVNANIAN’S
PRODUCTS, SERVICES, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL YOU OBTAIN VIA THE
WEBSITE; OR
v)
THAT ANY ERRORS ON THIS WEBSITE WILL BE CORRECTED.
14. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Hovnanian, its
subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective officers,
directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns, shall have no
liability, relating to Your use of or access to (or inability to
access) this Website, your use of any information or material
contained therein, for:
i)
Any and all claims for damages for actual,
consequential, incidental, exemplary, special, or punitive damages even if
Hovnanian is advised of the possibility of such (including, but not limited to,
loss of business, profits, business information, or business interruption, or
any other pecuniary loss); or
ii)
For direct damages,
actually
proven
, exceeding US$1,000.00. This limitation shall be enforced even if
it causes an exclusive remedy to fail of its essential purpose.
Hovnanian reserves the right, at any time, in Hovnanian’s sole and
exclusive discretion, to amend, modify, suspend, or terminate this
Website, any services, information or content, or any part thereof,
and/or Your use of or access to them, with or without notice.
Hovnanian shall have no liability to You or any other person or
entity for any modification, suspension, or termination, or any loss
of related information.
TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL HOVNANIAN
BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY, AND HOVNANIAN DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL, DAMAGES, LOSSES, CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, PENALTIES, COSTS,
EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY
DAMAGES IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR ARISING FROM THE USE OR MISUSE OF
THE WEBSITE.
15. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Hovnanian, its officers,
directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from
and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and
settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and
related fees and expenses, resulting from, or alleged to result from,
Your violation of these Terms or Your use of this Website.
Hovnanian reserves the right to assume exclusive control of its
defense in any matter subject to Your indemnification, which shall
not excuse Your obligation to indemnify Hovnanian. You shall not
settle any dispute subject to Your indemnification under these Terms
without written consent from Hovnanian.
16. Choice
of Law and Venue for Resolving Disputes
The internal laws of the State of New Jersey govern this contract and
any claims relating to the materials on this Website or dispute that
You may have against us, without regard to its conflict of laws
rules.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale
of Goods shall have no applicability.
BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS YOU ARE: (1) WAIVING CLAIMS THAT YOU MIGHT
OTHERWISE HAVE AGAINST HOVNANIAN BASED ON THE LAWS OF OTHER
JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING YOUR OWN; (2) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTING TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF, AND VENUE IN, STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS IN
THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY OVER ANY DISPUTES OR CLAIMS YOU HAVE WITH US
THAT ARE NOT COVERED BY THE BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISIONS OF SECTION
18; AND (3) SUBMITTING YOURSELF TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF
COURTS LOCATED IN MONMOUTH COUNTY, NEW JERSEY FOR THE PURPOSE OF
RESOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTES OR CLAIMS.
17.	NETWORK
ACCESS AND DEVICES
You are
responsible for obtaining the data network access necessary to use
the Website. If You are accessing the Website on Your mobile device,
Your network’s data and messaging rates and fees may apply. You
are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or
devices necessary to access and use the Website and any updates
thereto. We do not guarantee that the Website, or any portion
thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices. In
addition, the Website may be subject to malfunctions and delays
inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications
18.	Binding
Arbitration
18.1
Arbitration. ANY CLAIMS, DISAGREEMENTS, OR DISPUTES RELATING TO THE
SOURCES OR THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE
COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE (WHETHER VOLUNTARY, UNINTENTIONAL OR AS A
RESULT OF UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS) OR STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION, SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY BY BINDING ARBITRATION
PURSUANT TO THE COMMERCIAL ARBITRATION RULES OF THE AMERICAN
ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (AAA). ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE WILL BE
DETERMINED BY A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR, AND NOT BY A JUDGE OR JURY. YOU
ARE THUS WAIVING YOUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT TO HAVE ANY CLAIMS,
DISAGREEMENTS, OR DISPUTES DECIDED IN COURT BEFORE A JURY OR JUDGE,
AND INSTEAD ARE ACCEPTING THE USE OF BINDING ARBITRATION. THE
ARBITRATION SHALL TAKE PLACE IN THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, UNLESS YOU
REQUEST, IN WRITING, A DIFFERENT LOCATION REASONABLY RELATED TO THE
CLAIMS, DISAGREEMENTS, OR DISPUTES AND IN WHICH STATE WE MAINTAIN A
PHYSICAL BUSINESS OFFICE. THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED BY ONE
ARBITRATOR WHO IS SELECTED PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE AAA FROM THE
AAA ROSTER OF ARBITRATORS, USING THE AAA ARBITRATOR SELECT LIST AND
APPOINTMENT. THE AWARD OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL AND JUDGMENT
UPON THE AWARD SHALL BE ENTERED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION
IN THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, OR IN THE STATE IN WHICH THE ARBITRATION
TAKES PLACE. THE ARBITRATION SHALL NOT BE CONSOLIDATED OR COMBINED
WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION, NOR CAN YOU PROCEED IN THE ARBTRATION ON
A REPRESENTATIVE BASIS OR CAPACITY FOR OTHER PARTIES. YOU ALSO WAIVE
ANY RIGHT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION BROUGHT IN COURT,
OR TO ARBITRATE OR PARTICIPATE IN ARBITRATION ON A CLASS BASIS. EACH
PARTY WILL BEAR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS IN CONNECTION
WITH ANY ARBITRATION, AND ANY COURT PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH THE
ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION OR ENTRY OF JUDGMENT ON AN
ARBITRAL AWARD. ANY DISPUTES REGARDING THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION
SHALL BE RESOLVED BY THE ARBITRATOR. THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS GOVERNED
BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, AND CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES
SHALL NOT APPLY.
BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU AND HOVNANIAN HEREBY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND
HAVE A JURY TRIAL.
18.2.
Location. The arbitration will be conducted in New Jersey, unless
the parties agree to video, phone and/or internet connection
appearances.
18.3.
Limitations. You and Hovnanian agree that any arbitration will be
limited to the Claim between Hovnanian and You individually. YOU AND
HOVNANIAN AGREE THAT (A) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY
DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS
ACTION PROCEDURES; (B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE
TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A PRIVATE
ATTORNEY GENERAL; AND (C) NO ARBITRATION WILL BE JOINED WITH ANY
OTHER ARBITRATION.
18.4.
Exceptions to Arbitration. You and Hovnanian agree that the
following Claims are not subject to the above provisions concerning
negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Claim seeking to
enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of Your or
Hovnanian’s intellectual property rights; (ii) any Claim related
to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of
privacy or unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for equitable
relief. In addition to the foregoing, either party may assert an
individual action in small claims court for Claims that are within
the scope of such court’s jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration with
the other party’s consent.
18.5.
Arbitration Fees. The party seeking the Claim is responsible for the
initial fees to AAA. All other fees and costs of the arbitration will
be charged pursuant to the AAA Rules.
18.6.
Severability. You and Hovnanian agree that if any portion this
Section is found illegal or unenforceable, except any portion of
Section 18.3, that portion will be severed and the remainder of the
Section will be given full force and effect. If Section 18.3 is found
to be illegal or unenforceable, then neither You nor Hovnanian will
elect to arbitrate any Claim falling within that portion of this
Section found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Claim will be
exclusively decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within
Monmouth County, New Jersey and You and Hovnanian agree to submit to
the personal jurisdiction of that court.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE
OF THE SERVICE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
19.	Severability
If any term of this Agreement is declared unlawful, void or
unenforceable by any court in any jurisdiction, then such term will
be deemed severable from the remaining terms in such jurisdiction and
will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining
terms.
20.	Termination
of Service
We may suspend or terminate Your right to access secured portions of
the Website at any time, without notice, for conduct that we believe
violates these Terms and/or is harmful to other users of the Website,
to us, to our partners, to the contributors, to the business of our
Internet service provider, or to other information providers.
21.	Export
Restrictions
Any software and all underlying information and technology downloaded
or viewed from the Website or in connection with the services by You
may be subject to U.S. export controls, including the Export
Administration Act and the Export Administration Regulations, and may
be subject to export or import regulations in other country. You are
solely responsible for complying with all trade regulations and law,
both foreign and domestic, in Your use and viewing of the Website,
the content and any of our products or services. Except as
authorized by law, You agree not to export or re-export the services
to any country, or to any person, entity or end user subject to U.S.
export controls, including, but not limited to, persons or entities
listed on the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Export
Administration’s Denied Parties List and the U.S. Department of
Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals. You represent and
warrant the no U.S. federal agency has suspended, revoked, or denied
Your export privileges.
22.	Entire
Agreement
These Terms and any policies posted on this Website constitute the
entire contract between You and Hovnanian and supersede all previous
written or oral contracts regarding this Website and its usage. If
any part of the Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion
shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to
reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the
parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and
effect.
Privacy Policy
Updated December 20, 2019
This Privacy Policy, as may be amended from
time to time (hereafter, “Privacy Policy”), discloses the privacy
practices regarding all information gathered from or about you
("Personal Information"), including in person, via any
websites, mobile applications, social media pages, written or typed
questionnaires, electronic transmissions, short message services,
texts, facsimiles, telephonic communications, and all services,
software functionality, or materials (collectively, the “Sources“)
collected by or on behalf of K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC or its
affiliates (“Hovnanian“, “us” or “we“).
We understand the importance that our customers
place on privacy - we take your privacy seriously, too. Our
Privacy Policy is the same for former customers, current customers
and prospective customers. We
have designed this Privacy Policy to describe our
information-gathering and dissemination practices. You consent and
agree to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of
Use of our website, which can be found here,
when you access or use any Sources or communicate with us. If you do
not consent or agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or
use any of our Sources or communicate with us (as a basis for
processing your Personal Information is your consent to this Privacy
Policy). If you wish to withdraw your consent, please follow the
procedures set forth below to withdraw your consent (in whole in or
part) by following our opt-out procedures.
Please note that we reserve the right to review
and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any
material changes to the Privacy Policy, a notification will be made
by means of a general notice displayed on certain Source(s) prior to
the change taking effect. If you use any Sources or communicate with
us after any such update, you will be deemed to have agreed to the
updated Privacy Policy.
Notice to California Residents
Additional privacy policies, specifically developed and maintained
for California residents, are found within this Privacy Policy. The
sections within this Privacy Policy relating specifically to
California residents are found below in the section entitled “
FOR
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
”
Children Under the Age of 18
Our website is
not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18
may provide any information to, or on, the website or any of the
Sources. We do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any
information on this website, register on the website, or
provide any information about yourself to us, including your name,
address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user
name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal
information from a child under 18 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might
have any information from or about a child under the age of 18,
please contact us at privacy@khov.com.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights
regarding the collection and sale of their personal information.
Please see the section entitled “
FOR
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
,” found below, for more information.
Types of Information That We Collect about You.
If you register for an account with or on any Source(s) or purchase a
home, product, or service from us, or contact us, or interact with us
in any way, we may collect, or you may provide to us, the following
information:
Personal Information
The types of information that Hovnanian or its affiliates and related
companies may collect, among other things, the following categories
of information (collectively, “Personal Information”):
contact information (e.g., your first name, last name,
title, physical address, zip code, phone number, email address);
user name, password and security questions and answers;
demographic information, such as your date of birth and nationality,
which allows us to verify your identity and comply with federal law;
social security number (SSN), driver’s license, passport, and
other government ID numbers and government documents;
Internet Protocol (or IP) address or device ID/UDID, protocol and
sequence information;
loan account information;
bank account and credit/debit card numbers;
whether you own or rent your home;
income;
Other Personal Information provided by you to
us.
Usage Information
The types of usage information that Hovnanian collects may contain
generic information about you when you visit, access, or use our
website or any of the Sources, which may include, among other things,
the following categories of information (collectively, “Usage
Information”):
browser language and type;
domain name system requests;
browsing history (such as, time spent at a domain, time and date of
your visit, links clicked on, source, search data and terms, user
names, physical location) and number of clicks;
http headers, application client and server banners, and operating
system and fingerprinting data;
aggregated information, including De-identified Data (as defined
herein); and
type of computer, mobile device or tablet you are using, your MAC
address, your operating system and version, your IP address, and
your internet service provider.
How
Information Is Collected
When you access certain of our Sources, we automatically collect your
computer or device’s internet protocol (IP) address and other
technical information about your computer or device and website
usage, including your browser type and version, geographic
information, time zone setting, and operating system and platform. We
do this using various
automated technologies that are used for tracking and to collect
information from you and about you when you visit our website or
interact with us online via the Sources including cookies,
information from your browser, information from our server, web
beacons, pixel tags, clear GIFs and other means. In addition, during
the normal course of our business, we may collect Personal
Information and Usage Information about you from the following
sources:
directly from you - you may provide information to us online for any
number of reasons. For example, you may sign your home purchase
agreement over the Internet, or via Docusign™ request information
about our homes or communities, submit a warranty request, respond
to a survey or submit a job application. In such cases, we will
collect the information that you provide, which may include
information regarding your home, your name, telephone number, email
address, physical address, name of your present community or a
Hovnanian community in which you are interested, or certain
demographic information, such as your age range, gender and areas of
interest and, in the case of a job application, may include your
resume and social security number;
service providers -
We,
like many businesses, sometimes hire other companies (“Service
Providers“) to perform certain business-related functions.
Examples include mailing information, maintaining databases,
processing credit card transactions, and hosting services.
information from third parties - we may collect or purchase
information from third parties, including marketing companies. If
you have responded to or interacted with third parties who share
your information with us, we collect the information the third party
provides to us, including your email address.
social media-Hovnanian maintains profiles and pages on social media
platforms including, Facebook®, Twitter®, Pinterest®, YouTube®,
Instagram® and others. We may collect the information that you post
on social media platforms including Personal Information, pictures
or other information. Information posted on any such pages is also
subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of the respective
social media platforms.
applications or other forms we receive from you or your authorized
representative, which may include information about your assets and
income and identifying information, such as name, address and SSN;
your communication to us (for example, an inquiry about a property,
or a request to sign up for a mailing list or to receive updates
from us);
information we receive from you through the Sources and as a result
of your use of our services;
information we receive from your computer or mobile device;
information we receive from our affiliates, partners or service
providers;
information we receive from bank statements, lender approvals or W-9
forms;
information from consumer or other reporting agencies and public
records maintained by governmental entities that we obtain directly
from those entities, from our affiliates or others, such as your
creditworthiness and credit history; and
information we receive from other sources, as permitted by
applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies That We Use
We
and our Service Providers use cookies, beacons, embedded scripts and
local shared objects in connection with certain of the Sources.
Cookies are small text files that are stored
on
a web browser, application,
computer
or device when you visit, for example, a website. Cookies allow a
website to recognize a particular device or browser. The use of
cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect information
about visitors’ activities while using such website.
Beacons are small graphical images (also known
as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) that may be included on
certain of our Sources and typically work in conjunction with
cookies to identify users and user behavior.
An embedded script is programming code that is
designed to collect information about your interactions with certain
of the Sources, such as the links you click on. The code is
temporarily downloaded onto your computer or device from our web
server or a third-party service provider, is active while you are
connected to the applicable Sources, and is deactivated or deleted
thereafter.
These
technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering certain of
the Sources, services and products, tracking users’ movements
around certain of the Sources, and to gather demographic information
about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the
use of these technologies on an individual as well as aggregated
basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings, market
products and services to you, and for authentication purposes. To
manage the cookies that are placed on your computer, you may
configure your internet browser to refuse, accept or delete cookies
from our Sources at any time. The help portion of the toolbar on most
browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new
cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new
cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Please note that if
cookies are disabled or removed, not all features of certain of our
Sources will operate as intended.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not
monitor or identify “do not track signals” from your devices and
such signals will not affect the operation of the Sources. Even if
you are using a device that sends a "do not track signal,"
we may collect, use and share Personal Information consistent with
this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Information We Collect
Hovnanian will use and disclose the information we collect for any
lawful purpose we deem appropriate. This includes in connection with
your purchase of a Hovnanian home; to fulfill your requests; to
answer your questions; to manage our business; to recruit and hire
employees; to protect our interests; to comply with law enforcement;
and, to support direct marketing and other opportunities of Hovnanian
and third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. In this
regard, we may contact you by email, postal mail, text message,
social media, telephone or other means regarding our products,
services, promotions and employment opportunities.
The information we collect helps us to improve our website and
other Sources and to deliver a better and more personalized
service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize
our website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our website.
Identify individual preferences for marketing purposes.
We may
transfer your Personal Information to third parties, including our
hosting partners and other trusted third parties who assist us in
operating the Website. You can read more about this below in “When
Information is Disclosed and to Whom.”
Unless otherwise required by law, Hovnanian will treat all
information shared with us online as non-confidential and
non-proprietary. Hovnanian will utilize such information in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you use or visit our website,
submit any content to us, or post any content on our website or our
social media pages or profiles, or otherwise interact with the
Sources you agree that, with respect to such content, Hovnanian is
granted an unlimited, non-exclusive, world-wide, non-revocable,
perpetual license to reproduce, duplicate, transmit, display,
publish, create derivative works, sublicense and otherwise use any
such information for any lawful purpose whatsoever, including
marketing and you agree to hold us harmless with respect thereto.
When Information is Disclosed and to Whom
We may
provide your Personal Information (excluding information we receive
from consumer or other credit reporting agencies) and Usage
Information to various individuals and companies, as permitted by
law, without obtaining your prior authorization. Please see the
section below titled “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your
Information” to learn how to limit the discretionary disclosure of
your Personal Information and Usage Information.
We may allow web analytics providers and other third parties
including our advertisers, email vendors, service providers, and
other service companies to collect information, including Personal
Information, about your online activities, over time and across
different web sites, when you use our website. These third parties
may use the technologies mentioned above and other technologies to
track your online behavior
and
to gather information about your activities on certain of the
Sources and elsewhere on the internet to provide you with relevant
advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. This
type of advertising is sometimes called interest-based advertising or
targeted advertising.
These technologies may be used to
collect certain information about your visits to our website or other
websites (including the types of information mentioned above).
We
may also use Service Providers (such as Google Analytics), that may
use cookies or other technologies to collect information about your
online activities across this and other sites over time for
non-advertising purposes such as those described above. To learn more
about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and the
choices Google may offer to control these activities, you may
visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/.
Disclosures
of your Personal Information may be made to the following categories
of affiliates and nonaffiliated third parties, unless prohibited by
applicable law:
Subcontractors and Service Providers Providing Services to Hovnanian
and Hovnanian homeowners. If you are a Hovnanian homeowner or
prospective homeowner, we share your information, which may include
Personal Information, with our subcontractors, service providers and
developers of communities (for example, electricians, painters, land
developers and telecom providers) in connection with your purchase
of a Hovnanian home and in response to your warranty or customer
service requests and to provide services to you and our other
homeowners. We may share your information with service providers who
perform services on our behalf, such as those service providers that
perform technology services for us.
Hovnanian Business Relationships. If you enter into a purchase
agreement for a new home, we may share your information, including
your Personal Information, with others and, unless you opt-out as
described in the new home documentation, such sharing may be for
direct marketing purposes.
Other Third Parties. We may share your information, including your
Personal Information, with other third parties, and, unless you
opt-out, such sharing may be for direct marketing purposes.
Legal Matters. We may share your information, including your
Personal Information, with third parties, including law enforcement;
in response to legal process; and, to investigate, prevent, or take
action regarding illegal, suspicious or fraudulent activities
involving this website, you, or us.
Business Transactions. We may share your information, including your
Personal Information, with potential buyers in the event of the sale
or a proposed sale of a business unit or property or other business
transaction.
Storage of Data. We share your information, including your Personal
Information, with third parties for the purpose of helping us
gather, store and maintain data.
To third parties to provide you with services you have requested,
and to enable us to detect or prevent criminal activity, fraud,
material misrepresentation, or nondisclosure.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To our outside marketing consultants.
To nonaffiliated third-party service providers who provide or
perform services on our behalf and use the disclosed information
only in connection with such services.
To law enforcement or other governmental authority in connection
with an investigation, or civil or criminal subpoena or court order.
To lenders, lien holders, judgment creditors, or other parties
claiming an interest in title whose claim or interest must be
determined, settled, paid, or released prior to closing on your new
home.
To other third parties for whom you have given us written
authorization to disclose your Personal Information.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture,
restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
transfer of some or all of Hovnanian’s assets, whether as a going
concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar
proceeding, in which personal information held by Hovnanian about
our users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information.
With your consent.
We
might disclose Personal Information and/or Usage Information when
required by law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is
necessary:
To comply with a legal process or applicable laws.
To enforce this Privacy Policy.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
To take precautions against liability and respond to any claim that
any information provided by you violates the rights of a third
party.
To assist government enforcement agencies.
To protect our rights, property, or the safety or the rights,
property, or personal safety of our visitors and the public, which
includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk
reduction, and, if required by law, disclosing information to U.S.
federal and state governmental agencies.
To investigate potential unauthorized access or misuse of the
website.
We
maintain reasonable safeguards to keep your Personal Information
secure. When we provide Personal Information to our affiliates or
third-party service providers as discussed in this Privacy Policy, we
require that these parties agree to process such information in
compliance with our Privacy Policy or in a manner that complies with
applicable privacy laws. The use of your information by a trusted
business partner may be subject to that party’s own privacy policy.
Unless permitted by law, we do not disclose information we collect
from consumer or credit reporting agencies with our affiliates or
others without your consent.
In
addition to the other rights described herein, we have the right to
sell, share, and use, for any purpose, the collected Personal
Information in an aggregated, anonymized form, such that you are not
individually identified (collectively, “De-identified Data”).
For example,
aggregate data may include De-identified Data that describes the
general demographics, usage or other characteristics of certain
Sources' users. We reserve the right to transfer or keep aggregate or
group data about our Sources' users for lawful or legitimate
purposes, such as for the purposes described in this section.
We
may allow you to create a user profile for use in connection with the
Sources (“Profile”).  When you open an account with us and
create a Profile, we may obtain, verify and record information that
identifies you, including Personal Information. We may be required to
verify, record or share such information to help the government fight
the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities.
As
we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization,
dissolution, total or partial sale of assets in bankruptcy or similar
event, Personal Information may be part of the transferred assets.
You expressly agree and
consent to the use and/or transfer of the foregoing information in
connection with any of the above-described proceedings. We are not
responsible for any breach of security or action by any of these
third parties.
Some of our Sources utilize framing
techniques
to serve content to you
from third parties while preserving the look and feel of our Sources.
When you interact with content from third parties displayed on any of
our Sources, please be aware that you are providing your Personal
Information to these third parties and it will be governed by their
respective privacy policies and terms and conditions.
We may
disclose your Personal Information for any purpose disclosed by us
when you provide the information. We may also disclose your Personal
Information with your permission or as directed by you.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal
information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide
you with the following control over your information:
To stop
receiving newsletters or marketing communications from us or to opt
out of having information, such as your email address shared with
third parties, please use the “unsubscribe” mechanism provided
in the communication or send an e-mail to
privacy@khov.com
along
with the information necessary for us to process your request.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.  You can set your
browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when
cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash
cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on
Adobe's website.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of
this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising.  If
you do not want us to share your personal information with
unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes,
you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on
which we collect your data. You can also always opt-out by sending
us an email with your request to privacy@khov.com.
Promotional Offers from the Company.  If you do not wish to
have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own
or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by checking
the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data
or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@khov.com.
If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return
email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This
opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a
result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service
experience or other transactions.
We may also
send you service-related email announcements on rare occasions when
it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily
suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Because these
emails are not promotional in nature, you do not have an option to
opt out of these communications.
We do not control
third parties' collection or use of your information to serve
interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide
you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or
used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from
members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on
the NAI's website.
If you wish
to not have this information collected and used for interest-based
advertising, you may opt-out by going to the website
Your
Ad Choices powered by the Digital Advertising Alliance,
https://youradchoices.com/
.
Please note that this does not opt you out of being served with all
advertisements. You will continue to receive generic ads.
California residents may have additional personal information rights
and choices. Please see “FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS,” found below,
for more information.
Our
Policy on Accessing, Correcting, Updating or Deleting Personal
Information, and Deactivating Your Account
You may request to access, correct, update, or delete certain of your
Personal Information or deactivate your account by emailing our
Customer Support at
privacy@khov.com
with
information necessary for us to process your request. While
reasonable efforts will be made to delete all of the Personal
Information as you may request, in certain circumstances retention of
certain of your Personal Information may be required, including as
required by law. Please see below regarding our retention
policy.
Social
Media Widgets
Our
Sources may include social media features, such as the Facebook
“Like” button and widgets such as the “share this” button or
interactive mini-programs that run on certain of our Sources. These
features may collect your IP address, which pages you are visiting on
certain of our Sources, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to
function properly. Social media features and widgets are either
hosted by a third party or hosted directly on certain of our Sources.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy
policy of the company providing them.
Security
and Retention
We take commercially reasonable steps to help protect personal
information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, use, disclosure,
alteration and destruction. However, no internet or electronic
transmission is ever fully secure or error free.
We
do not and cannot guarantee or warrant that any information
transmitted through the Internet is secure, or that such
transmissions are free from delay, interruption, interception or
error.
Any
transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
If
you believe that the security of any information or data that you
have provided to us has been compromised, please immediately notify
us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the "Contacting
Us" section below.
-settings
or security measures contained on the
Website
.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our
Website
,
you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask
you not to share your password with anyone.
LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY
.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
HOVNANIAN BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY, AND HOVNANIAN
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL, DAMAGES, LOSSES, CLAIMS, LIABILITIES,
PENALTIES, COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR ARISING
FROM THE MISUSE, DISCLOSURE (EITHER VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE BY
HOVNANIAN, OR UNINTENTIONAL DISCLOSURE VIA A DATA OR SECURITY
BREACH), ALTERATION OR DESTRUCTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR ANY
BREACH OF SECURITY OR FOR THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION OR FOR ANY TECHNICAL FAILURES OR PROBLEMS, ERRORS IN
PERSONAL INFORMATION, INTERRUPTION IN OR TERMINATION OF THE OPERATION
OF ANY SOURCES, OR ANY RESULTS OF ANY SUCH FAILURES, PROBLEMS, OR
ERRORS.
In addition, e-mail sent to or from any of our Sources
may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in
deciding what information you send to us via electronic transmission.
Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Information to
us or to any other party via the Internet. When you enter sensitive
information on our order forms or login credentials (such as username
and password) on our platform login, we encrypt the transmission of
that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Your
Personal Information will be stored in the United States and will be
subject to laws applicable in the United States. Our Sources may not
be available or appropriate for use in countries other than the
United States. If you choose to access one of our Sources from a
country other than the United States, you do so at your own risk and
with the understanding that Personal Information may be collected,
used, disclosed or stored in the United States. If you are accessing
our Sources in a country other than the United States, you
acknowledge that our Sources are operated in the United States and
your Personal Information may be transferred to and processed in the
United States, where the privacy laws may be different than those in
the country from which you are accessing our Sources.
We may
retain your Personal Information, including for as long as your
account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements or
otherwise.
Privacy
Outside the Website/Sources
Our
website or Sources may now, or in the future, contain links to other
websites or Sources. Hovnanian is not and cannot be responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of any of those other websites.
Please check with those websites in order to determine their privacy
policies and your rights under them.
We may
use the services of third-party service providers, for example to
process payments and other transactions or to provide analytics
services. By using our Website, you grant us all necessary rights and
consents under applicable laws to disclose to the third party service
providers –  and/or allow those third party service providers
to collect, use, retain and disclose to us – any Personal
Information for purposes of providing services to you, including data
that we may collect directly from you using cookies or other similar
means.
EUROPEAN
UNION USERS
The
website, Sources, and our products and services are hosted in the
United States and are governed by United States law. If you are using
the website, Sources, or our products or services from outside the
United States, please be aware that your Personal Information may be
transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our
servers are located and our central database is operated. The data
protection and other laws of the United States and other countries
might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the
website or our products and services, you consent to your Personal
Information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities
of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this
Privacy Policy.
FOR
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with
additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To
learn more about your California privacy rights, see the
following portions of this privacy policy.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §
1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents
to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal
information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To
make such a request, please send an email to privacy@khov.com
or write us at:
K.
Hovnanian Companies, LLC
Attention:
Corporate Legal Department
90
Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan,
NJ 07747
This supplemental privacy notice for California
residents supplements the information contained in the previous
portions of this privacy policy and applies solely to all
visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California
("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to
comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same
meaning when used in this notice.
Information
We Collect
We collect through our Website and normal business operations
information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is
capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked,
directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device
("personal information"). In particular, Hovnanian has
collected the following categories of personal and usage information
from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months and indicated
in the table below which sets forth a summary of Personal Information
collected:
Category of PI
Collected - Personal Identifiers
Specific PI within Category:
Name, signature, physical address, email
address, user name, social security number, driver’s license
number, passport number.
How
PI in this Category Collected (Categories of Sources):
Applications,
direct communication from you, through the website, through our CRM,
via form submissions, sales office registrations, sales contract,
applications, mortgage documents, Corrigo, BuildPro, from third
parties, and from other entities as permitted by law.
Business
purpose for PI in this Category:
To confirm your identify,
fulfill your requests, answer your questions, run and manage our
business, protect our interests, and support direct marketing and
other opportunities of Hovnanian and third parties as described in
this Privacy Policy.
Category of PI Collected - Personal Information
Specific PI within Category:
Name, signature, social security number,
address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license
number, IP address, loan information, bank account numbers, credit
card numbers and other financial information.
How
PI in this Category Collected (Categories of Sources):
We
disclose this information to escrow agents, third party lien
holders, service providers; document processing companies, consumer
verification services, and any other third party involved in your
loan process.
Business purpose for PI in this Category:
To confirm your identify,
fulfill your requests, answer your questions, run and manage our
business, protect our interests, and support direct marketing and
other opportunities of Hovnanian and third parties as described in
this Privacy Policy.
Category of PI Collected - Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Specific PI within Category:
Age (40 years or older), citizenship,
marital status, veteran or military status.
How
PI in this Category Collected (Categories of Sources):
Applications,
direct communication from you, from third parties, and from other
entities as permitted by law.
Business
purpose for PI in this Category:
To verify your identity, comply
with state and federal laws, and to determine eligibility for
certain housing programs.
Category
of PI Collected - Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
Specific PI within Category:
Internet Protocol (or IP) address or device
information, browsing history, search history, and interaction with
our website.
How
PI in this Category Collected (Categories of Sources):
Website
interaction.
Business purpose for PI in this Category:
Used to estimate our audience
size and usage patterns, allow us to customize our Website according
to individual preferences, speed up searches when you return to our
Website, and identify individual information/ preferences for
marketing purposes.
Category
of PI Collected - Professional/ Employment Information
Specific
PI within Category
: Employment status, job history.
How PI in this Category Collected (Categories of Sources):
Applications,
third parties.
Business purpose for PI in this Category:
To determine eligibility for
home ownership.
Sharing Personal Information
Hovnanian
may disclose your personal information to a third party for a
business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a
business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and
requires the recipient to both keep that personal information
confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the
contract.
We
share your personal information with the following categories of
third parties:
Service
providers.
Outside
marketing consultant.
Third
party vendors.
Category
of PI Shared - Personal Identifiers
Specific PI within Category: Name, physical address, email address.
To
Whom is PI Shared:
Service providers, outside marketing
consultants, title company, investors, automated UW, insurance
partners, mortgage insurance company and third party vendors.
Business
purpose for Sharing PI:
To fulfill warranty requests, answer
your questions, run and manage our business, protect our interests,
and support direct marketing and other opportunities of Hovnanian
and third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.
Category
of PI Shared - Personal Information
Specific
PI within Category:
Name, address, telephone number.
To
Whom is PI Shared:
Service providers, outside marketing
consultants, title company, investors, automated UW, insurance
partners, mortgage insurance company and third party vendors.
Business
purpose for Sharing PI:
To fulfill warranty requests, answer
your questions, run and manage our business, protect our interests,
and support direct marketing and other opportunities of Hovnanian
and third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.
Category
of PI Shared - Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
Specific
PI within Category:
Internet Protocol (or IP) address or device
information, browsing history, search history, and interaction with
our website.
To
Whom is PI Shared:
Outside marketing consultant.
Business
purpose for Sharing PI:
To support direct marketing and other
opportunities of Hovnanian.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Hovnanian has disclosed the
following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
IP
address.
Name,
address, zip code, e-mail address and phone number.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Hovnanian has not sold any personal
information. It is Hovnanian’s policy that we do not sell personal
information outside of our affiliated companies.
Your
Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their
personal information. This section describes your
CCPA rights
and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You
have the right to request that Hovnanian disclose certain information
to you about our collection and use of your personal information over
the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable
consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected
about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that
personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal
information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also
called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business
purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category
of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information
categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Hovnanian delete any of your personal
information that we collected from you and retained, subject to
certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable
consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to
delete) your personal information from our records, unless an
exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is
necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information,
provide a good or service that you requested, take actions
reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business
relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive,
fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for
such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended
functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their
free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications
Privacy Act
(Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical
research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable
ethics and privacy laws,
when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or
seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously
provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer
expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are
compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights
It is Hovnanian’s policy that we do not sell personal information to
any entity outside of our affiliated companies. However, You have
the right to direct us to not sell your personal information we have
collected or will collect at any time (the "right to opt-out).
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized
representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following
Internet Web page link:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and opt back in
to personal information sales at any time by e-mailing Hovnanian at
privacy@khov.com.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out
rights.  We will only use personal information provided in an
opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
OPT OUT PROCEDURES
Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described
above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-833-678-0423
Visiting www.khov.com
E-mailing us as privacy@khov.com
Sending mail to us at:
K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC
Attention: Corporate Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
Only
you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State
that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable
consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor
child.
You
may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data
portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer
request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are
the person about whom we collected personal information or an
authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly
understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal
information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make
the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an
account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a
verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or
authority to make the request. For instructions on exercising sale
opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
Rights, below.
Response
Timing and Format
We
endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within
forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to
90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in
writing.
If
you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to
that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver
our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any
disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding
the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide
will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if
applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format
to provide your personal information that is readily useable and
should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to
another entity without hindrance.
We
do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer
request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why
we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before
completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to
not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to
opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers
we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive
affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from
either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the
parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of
future sales at any time.
It is Hovnanian’s policy that we do not sell personal information to
any entity outside of our affiliated companies. However, to exercise
the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may
submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page
link:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months
before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales.
However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal
information sales at any time by e-mailing Hovnanian at
privacy@khov.com.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out
rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out
request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including
through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services
or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by
the CCPA that can result in different prices,
rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial
incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal
information's value and contain written terms that describe the
program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive
program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at
any time.
CONTACTING
US
Under
California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California residents who use
the website are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If
you have a question or complaint regarding the services or products
provided through the Website, please send an email to
privacy@khov.com. You may also
contact us by writing to K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC, Attention: Corporate Legal Department, 90
Matawan Rd, 5th Floor, Matawan, NJ 07747 ,
or by calling us at 1-833-678-0423. California residents may reach
the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of
the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North
Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at
(916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
Contacting Us.
Our “contact us” page contains e-mail links that allow you to contact
us directly with any questions or comments that you may have. If you
have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy
practices, please feel free to contact us at
privacy@khov.com
or
at:
K.
Hovnanian Companies, LLC
Attention: Corporate Legal Department
90
Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC. - Privacy Policy
Updated January 13, 2020
This Privacy Policy, as may be
amended from time to time (hereafter, “Privacy Policy”), discloses the privacy
practices regarding all information gathered from or about you ("Personal
Information"), including in person, via any websites, mobile applications,
social media pages, written or typed questionnaires, electronic transmissions,
short message services, facsimiles, telephonic communications, and all
services, software functionality, or materials (collectively, the “Sources“)
collected by or on behalf of K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC (“KHAM”, “us”
or “we”).
We understand the importance that our
customers place on privacy - we take your privacy seriously, too
Our Privacy Policy is
the same for former customers, current customers and prospective
customers. We have designed this Privacy Policy
to describe our information-gathering and dissemination practices. You consent
and agree to this Privacy Policy
and our Terms and
Conditions of Use of our website, which can be found here
when you access or use any Sources or communicate with us. If
you do not consent or agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use
any of our Sources or communicate with us (as a basis for processing your
Personal Information is your consent to this Privacy Policy). If you wish to
withdraw your consent, please follow the procedures set forth below to withdraw
your consent (in whole in or part) by following our opt-out procedures.
Please note that we reserve the right
to review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any
material changes to the Privacy Policy, a notification will be made by means of
a general notice displayed on certain Source(s) prior to the change taking
effect. If you use any Sources or communicate with us after any such update,
you will be deemed to have agreed to the updated Privacy Policy.
Notice to California Residents
Additional privacy policies, specifically developed and maintained for
California residents, are found within this Privacy Policy.The sections within this Privacy Policy
relating specifically to California residents are found below in the section
entitled
“FOR
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.”
Children Under
the Age of 18
Our website is
not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any
information to, or on, the website
or any of the Sources. We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide
any information on this website, register
on the website, or provide
any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone
number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received
personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under
the age of 18, please contact us at
privacy@khov.com
.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights
regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see the
section entitled
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS,”
found below, for more information.
Types of Information That
We Collect about You.
When you register for an account with or on any Source(s) or
purchase a home, product, or service from us, or contact us, or interact with
us in any way, we may collect, or you may provide to us, the following
information:
Personal Information
The types of
information that KHAM collects may include, among other things, the following
categories of information (collectively, “Personal Information”):
contact information (e.g., your first name, last name,
title, physical address, zip code, phone number, email address);
user name, password and security questions and answers;
demographic information, such as your date of birth and nationality,
which allows us to verify your identity and comply with federal law;
social security number (SSN), driver’s license, passport, resident alien card,
passport visa, and other government ID numbers and government documents;
Internet Protocol (or IP) address or device ID/UDID, protocol and
sequence information;
loan account information;
bank account and credit/debit card numbers;
whether you own or rent your home;
dependent information;
divorce decree and property
settlement information;
IRS transcripts; and
other Personal Information
provided by you to us.
Usage Information
The types of
usage information that KHAM collects may contain generic information about you
when you visit, access, or use our website or any of the Sources, which may
include, among other things, the following categories of information
(collectively, “Usage Information”):
browser
language and type;
domain name
system requests;
browsing
history (such as, time spent at a domain, time and date of your visit,
links clicked on, search data and terms, user names, physical location)
and number of clicks;
http headers,
application client and server banners, and operating system and
fingerprinting data;
aggregated
information, including De-identified Data (as defined herein); and
type of
computer, mobile device or tablet you are using, your MAC address, your
operating system and version, your IP address, and your internet service
provider.
How Information Is Collected
When you access certain of our Sources, we automatically
collect your computer or device’s internet protocol (IP) address and other
technical information about your computer or device and website usage,
including your browser type and version, geographic information, time zone
setting, and operating system and platform. We do this using v
arious automated technologies that are
used for tracking and to collect information from you and about you when you
visit our website or interact with us online via the Sources including cookies,
information from your browser, information from our server, web beacons, pixel
tags, clear GIFs and other means. In addition, during the normal course of our
business, we may collect Personal Information and Usage Information about you
from the following sources:
directly from you - you may provide information to us online, or in person, for any number of reasons. For example, you may sign your home purchase agreement over the Internet, request information about our homes or communities, submit a warranty request, respond to a survey or submit a job application. In such cases, we will collect the information that you provide, which may include information regarding your home, your name, telephone number, email address, physical address, name of your present community or a KHAM community in which you are interested, or certain demographic information, such as your age range, gender and areas of interest and, in the case of a job application, may include your resume and social security number;
service
providers - we, like many
businesses, sometimes hire other companies (“Service Providers“)
to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing
information, maintaining databases, processing credit card transactions,
and hosting services.
information
from third parties - we may collect or purchase information from third parties,
including marketing companies. If you have responded to or interacted with
third parties who share your information with us, we collect the
information the third party provides to us, including your email address.
social media.
KHAM maintains profiles and pages on social media platforms including,
Facebook®, Twitter®, Pinterest®, YouTube®, Instagram® and others. We may
collect the information that you post on social media platforms including
Personal Information, pictures or other information. Information posted on
any such pages is also subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of
the respective social media platforms.
applications
or other forms we receive from you or your authorized representative,
which may include information about your assets and income and identifying
information, such as name, address and SSN;
your
communication to us (for example, an inquiry about a property, or a
request to sign up for a mailing list or to receive updates from us);
information
we receive from you through the Sources and as a result of your use of our
services;
information
we receive from your computer or mobile device;
information
we receive from our affiliates, partners or service providers;
information
we receive from bank statements, lender approvals or W-9 forms;
information
from consumer or other reporting agencies and public records maintained by
governmental entities that we obtain directly from those entities, from
our affiliates or others, such as your creditworthiness and credit
history; and
information
we receive from other sources, as permitted by applicable laws, rules and
regulations.
Cookies and Other Tracking
Technologies That We Use
We and our Service Providers use cookies, beacons, embedded scripts and local
shared objects in connection with certain of the Sources.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or
device when you visit for example a website. Cookies allow a website to
recognize a particular device or browser. The use of
cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect information about
visitors’ activities while using such website.
Beacons are small graphical images (also known as “pixel tags” or
“clear GIFs”) that may be included on certain of our Sources and typically work
in conjunction with cookies to identify users and user behavior.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect
information about your interactions with certain of the Sources, such as the
links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or
device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active while
you are connected to the applicable Sources, and is
deactivated or deleted thereafter.
These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering certain of the
Sources, services and products, tracking users’ movements around certain of the
Sources, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of
these technologies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings, market products and services to
you, and for authentication purposes. To manage the cookies that are placed on
your computer, you may configure your internet browser to refuse, accept or
delete cookies from our Sources at any time. The help portion of the toolbar on
most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new
cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or
how to disable cookies altogether. Please note that if cookies are disabled or
removed, not all features of certain of our Sources will operate as intended.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not monitor or identify “do not track signals” from your devices and such
signals will not affect the operation of the Sources. Even if you are using a
device that sends a "do not track signal," we may collect, use and
share Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Information We Collect
KHAM will use and disclose the information we collect for any lawful
purpose we deem appropriate. This
includes in connection with obtaining a loan; your purchase of a KHAM home; to
fulfill your requests; to answer your questions; to manage our business; to recruit
and hire employees; to protect our interests; to comply with law enforcement;
and, to support direct marketing and other opportunities of KHAM and third
parties as described in this Privacy Policy. In this regard, we may contact you
by email, postal mail, text message, social media, telephone or other means
regarding our products, services, promotions and employment opportunities.
The information we collect helps us to improve our website and
other Sources and to
deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing
us to customize our website according
to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our website.
Identify individual preferences for marketing
purposes.
We may transfer
your Personal Information to third parties, including our hosting partners and
other trusted third parties who assist us in operating the Website.You can read more about this below in “When
Information is Disclosed and to Whom.”
Unless otherwise required by law, KHAM will treat all information shared
with us online as non-confidential and non-proprietary. KHAM will utilize such
information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you use or visit our
website, submit any content to us, or post any content on our website or our
social media pages or profiles, or otherwise interact with the Sources you
agree that, with respect to such content, KHAM is granted an unlimited,
non-exclusive, world-wide, non-revocable, perpetual license to reproduce,
duplicate, transmit, display, publish, create derivative works, sublicense and
otherwise use any such information for any lawful purpose whatsoever, including
marketing and you agree to hold us harmless with respect thereto.
When Information Is Disclosed and to Whom
We may provide
your Personal Information (excluding information we receive from consumer or
other credit reporting agencies) and Usage Information to various individuals
and companies, as permitted by law, without obtaining your prior
authorization. Please see the section
below titled “Choices with Your Personal Information” to learn how to limit the
discretionary disclosure of your Personal Information and Usage Information.
We may allow web analytics providers and other third parties including
our advertisers, email vendors, service providers, and other service companies
to collect information, including Personal Information, about your online
activities, over time and across different web sites, when you use tour
website. These third parties may use the technologies mentioned above and other
technologies to track your online behavior
and to
gather information about your activities on certain of the Sources and elsewhere
on the internet to provide you with relevant advertising based upon your
browsing activities and interests. This type of advertising is sometimes called
interest-based advertising or targeted advertising.
These
technologies may be used to collect certain information about your visits to
our website or other websites (including the types of information mentioned
above).
We may also use
Service Providers (such as Google Analytics), that may use cookies or other
technologies to collect information about your online activities across this
and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes such as those described
above. To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and
the choices Google may offer to control these activities, you may visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Disclosures of
your Personal Information may be made to the following categories of affiliates
and nonaffiliated third parties, unless prohibited by applicable law:
Subcontractors
and Service Providers Providing Services to KHAM and KHAM homeowners. If
you are a KHAM homeowner or prospective homeowner, we share your
information, which may include Personal Information, with our
subcontractors, service providers and developers of communities (for
example, electricians, painters, land developers and telecom providers) in
connection with your purchase of a KHAM home and in response to your
warranty or customer service requests and to provide services to you and
our other homeowners. We may share your information with service providers
who perform services on our behalf, such as those service providers that
perform technology services for us.
KHAM Business
Relationships. If you enter into a mortgage for a new home, we may share
your information, including your Personal Information, with others and,
unless you opt-out as described in the new home documentation, such
sharing may be for direct marketing purposes.
Other Third
Parties. We may share your information, including your Personal
Information, with other third parties, and, unless you opt-out, such
sharing may be for direct marketing purposes.
Legal
Matters. We may share your information, including your Personal Information,
with third parties, including law enforcement; in response to legal
process; and, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal,
suspicious or fraudulent activities involving this website, you, or us.
Business
Transactions. We may share your information, including your Personal
Information, with potential buyers in the event of the sale or a proposed
sale of a business unit or property or other business transaction.
Storage. We
share your information, including your Personal Information, with third
parties for the purpose of helping us gather, store and maintain data.
To third
parties to provide you with services you have requested, and to enable us
to detect or prevent criminal activity, fraud, material misrepresentation,
or nondisclosure.
To our
subsidiaries and affiliates.
To our
outside marketing consultant.
To
nonaffiliated third-party service providers who provide or perform
services on our behalf and use the disclosed information only in
connection with such services.
To law enforcement
or other governmental authority in connection with an investigation, or
civil or criminal subpoena or court order.
To lenders,
lien holders, judgment creditors, or other parties claiming an interest in
title whose claim or interest must be determined, settled, paid, or
released prior to closing on your new home.
To other
third parties for whom you have given us written authorization to disclose
your Personal Information.
To a buyer or
other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of KHAM’s
assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy,
liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which person information held by KHAM
about our users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill
the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other
purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your
consent.
We might
disclose Personal Information and/or Usage Information when required by law or
in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary:
To comply
with a legal process or applicable laws.
To enforce
this Privacy Notice.
To enforce or
apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
To take
precautions against liability and respond to any claim that any
information provided by you violates the rights of a third party.
To assist
government enforcement agencies.
To protect
our rights, property, or the safety or the rights, property, or personal
safety of our visitors and the public, which includes exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of
fraud protection and credit risk reduction, and, if required by law,
disclosing information to U.S. federal and state governmental agencies.
To
investigate potential unauthorized access or misuse of the website.
We maintain
reasonable safeguards to keep your Personal Information secure. When we provide
Personal Information to our affiliates or third-party service providers as
discussed in this Privacy Notice, we require that these parties agree to
process such information in compliance with our Privacy Notice or in a manner
that complies with applicable privacy laws. The use of your information by a
trusted business partner may be subject to that party’s own privacy notice. Unless
permitted by law, we do not disclose information we collect from consumer or
credit reporting agencies with our affiliates or others without your consent.
In addition to
the other rights described herein, we have the right to exploit, share, and
use, for any purpose, the collected Personal Information in an aggregated,
anonymized form, such that you are not individually identified (collectively,
“De-identified Data”).
For example, aggregate data may include De-identified Data
that describes the general demographics, usage or other characteristics of
certain Sources' users. We reserve the right to transfer or keep aggregate or
group data about our Sources' users for lawful or legitimate purposes, such as
for the purposes described in this section.
We may
allow you to create a user profile for use in connection with the Sources
(“Profile”).  When you open an account with us and create a Profile, we
may obtain, verify and record information that identifies you, including
Personal Information. We may be required to verify, record or share such
information to help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
laundering activities.
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the
event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, total or
partial sale of assets in bankruptcy or similar event, Personal Information may
be part of the transferred assets.
You expressly agree and consent to the
use and/or transfer of the foregoing information in connection with any of the
above-described proceedings. We are not responsible for any breach of security
or action by any of these third parties.
Some of our Sources utilize framing
techniques to serve content to you from third parties while preserving the look and feel of our
Sources. When you interact with content from third parties displayed on any of
our Sources, please be aware that you are providing your Personal Information
to these third parties and it will be governed by their respective privacy
policies and terms and conditions.
We may disclose
your Personal Information for any purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information. We may also disclose your Personal Information with your
permission or as directed by you.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information
you provide to us. We have created
mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
To stop receiving newsletters or marketing communications
from us or to opt out of having information, such as your email address shared
with third parties, please use the “unsubscribe” mechanism provided in the
communication or send an e-mail to
privacy@khov.com
along with the
information necessary for us to process your request.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your
Information for Third-Party Advertising.
If you do not want us to share your
personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional
purposes, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on
which we collect your data. You can also
always opt-out by sending us an email with your request to
privacy@khov.com.
Promotional Offers from
the Company.
If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the
Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can
opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect
your data or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@khov.com.If we have sent you a promotional email, you
may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.This opt out does not apply to information
provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty
registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We
may also send you service-related email announcements on rare occasions when it
is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is
temporarily
suspended
for maintenance, we might send you an email. Because these
emails are not promotional in nature, you do not have an option to opt out of
these communications.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information
to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to
have your information collected or used in this way.You can opt out of receiving targeted ads
from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
If you wish to not
have this information collected and used for interest-based advertising, you
may opt-out by clicking
here
; for third parties
that participate in the TRUSTArc (formerly TRUSTe) opt-out tool. If you wish to opt-out from this type
of advertising for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising
Alliance (“DAA”), you can do so
here
. Please note that
this does not opt you out of being served with all advertisements. You will
continue to receive generic ads.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and
choices. Please see “FOR CALIFORNIA
RESIDENTS,” found below, for more information.
Our Policy on
Accessing, Correcting, Updating or Deleting Personal Information, and
Deactivating Your Account
You may request to access, correct, update, or delete certain of your Personal
Information or deactivate your account by emailing our Customer Support
at
privacy@khov.com.
with information
necessary for us to process your request. While reasonable efforts will be made
to delete all of the Personal Information as you may
request, in certain circumstances retention of certain of your Personal
Information may be required, including as required by law. Please see below
regarding our retention policy.
Social Media Widgets
Our Sources may include
social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button and widgets such as
the “share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on certain of our
Sources. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you are
visiting on certain of our Sources, and may set a
cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and
widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on certain of our
Sources. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy
policy of the company providing them.
Security and Retention
We take commercially
reasonable steps to help protect personal information from loss, misuse,
unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no
internet or electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free.
We do not and cannot guarantee or warrant that any
information transmitted through the Internet is secure, or that such
transmissions are free from delay, interruption, interception or error.
Any
transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
If you believe that the security
of any information or data that you have provided to us has been compromised,
please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with
the "Contacting Us" section below.
We are not responsible for circumvention of any
privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Where we have given you (or where you
have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for
keeping this password confidential. We
ask you not to share your password with anyone.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL KHAM BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY
OTHER PARTY FOR ANY, AND KHAM DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL, DAMAGES, LOSSES, CLAIMS,
LIABILITIES, PENALTIES, COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR ARISING FROM THE MISUSE, DISCLOSURE
(EITHER VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE BY KHAM, OR UNINTENTIONAL DISCLOSURE VIA A DATA OR
SECURITY BREACH), ALTERATION OR DESTRUCTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR ANY
BREACH OF SECURITY OR FOR THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION OR FOR ANY TECHNICAL FAILURES OR PROBLEMS, ERRORS IN PERSONAL
INFORMATION, INTERRUPTION IN OR TERMINATION OF THE OPERATION OF ANY SOURCES, OR
ANY RESULTS OF ANY SUCH FAILURES, PROBLEMS, OR ERRORS.
In addition, e-mail sent to or from any of our Sources may not be secure, and
you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to
us via electronic transmission. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any
Personal Information to us or to any other party via the Internet. When you
enter sensitive information on our order forms or login credentials (such as
username and password) on our platform login, we encrypt the transmission of
that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Your Personal Information will be stored in the United States and will be
subject to laws applicable in the United States. Our Sources may not be
available or appropriate for use in countries other than the United States. If
you choose to access one of our Sources from a country other than the United
States, you do so at your own risk and with the understanding that Personal
Information may be collected, used, disclosed or stored in the United States.
If you are accessing our Sources in a country other than the United States, you
acknowledge that our Sources are operated in the United States and your
Personal Information may be transferred to and processed in the United States,
where the privacy laws may be different than those in the country from which
you are accessing our Sources.
We may retain your Personal Information, including for as long as your account
is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements or otherwise.
Privacy Outside
the Website/Sources
Our website or
Sources may now, or in the future, contain links to other websites or Sources. KHAM
is not and cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
any of those other websites. Please check with those websites in order to
determine their privacy policies and your rights under them.
We may use
the services of third party service providers, for
example to process payments and other transactions or to provide analytics
services. By using our Website, you grant us all necessary rights and consents
under applicable laws to disclose to the third party service providers –
and/or allow those third party service providers to collect, use, retain and
disclose to us – any Personal Information for purposes of providing services to
you, including data that we may collect directly from you using cookies or
other similar means.
EUROPEAN UNION USERS
The website,
Sources, and our products and services are hosted in the United States and are
governed by United States law. If you are using the website, Sources, or our
products or services from outside the United States, please be aware that your
Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United
States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The
data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might
not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the website or our
products and services, you consent to your Personal Information being
transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with
whom we share it as described in this Privacy Notice.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with
additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.To learn more about your California privacy rights, see the following
portions of this privacy policy.
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §
1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request
certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@khov.com
or write us at:
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC
Attention: Corporate Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
This supplemental privacy notice
for California residents
supplements the information contained
in the previous portions of this privacy policy and applies solely to
all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California
("consumers" or "you").
We adopt this notice to comply
with the California Consumer Privacy Act
of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in
the CCPA have the same meaning when
used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect through our Website and normal business operations information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information"). In particular, KHAM has collected the following categories of personal and usage information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months and indicated in the table below which sets forth a summary of Personal Information collected:
Category - Identifiers
·
What We
May Collect:
o
A real
name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier,
Internet Protocol ("IP") address, email address, account name, Social
Security number, driver's license number..
·
How do we Collect it?:
o
We
generally collect this information about you at the start of any business
relationship with us, such as getting your name, alias, postal address, or
email address through forms.
o
We may
also collect your IP address through cookies on your device during your use of
our Website.
o
Other,
more sensitive information like your social security number will only be
requested in certain situations, such as for select vendors/contractors or
prior to tax documents we may obtain as part of the mortgage process.
·
Business Purpose for Disclosure:
o
We use
identifiers to determine who you are, where you are, and how to best contact
you and answer any questions or concerns you may have about our services.
o
In
addition, there may be some circumstances where we need specific identifiers
for tax and loan documents.
o
Finally,
we may use some of this information, like your name and email, to identify and
alert you of any of our services that you may be interested in using.You can always unsubscribe from these email
notices by clicking here
Category - Personal
information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
·
What We
May Collect:
o
A name,
signature, Social Security number, address, telephone number, driver's license
or state identification card number, resident alien card, passport visa,
dependent information, divorce decree and property settlement, IRS transcripts,
employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit
card number, and other financial information.
·
How do we Collect it?:
o
We
generally collect this information about you at the start of any business
relationship with us, such as getting your name, alias, postal address, or
email address through forms and applications. This information may also be sent
to us by Third Parties (as defined below) who you have given your information
to.
o
Other,
more sensitive information like your social security number will only be
requested in certain situations, such as for select vendors/contractors or
prior to tax documents we may obtain as part of the mortgage process
·
What Business Purpose:
o
We use
identifiers to determine who you are, where you are, and how to best contact
you and answer any questions or concerns you may have about services.
o
We may
also need certain identifiers, such as your social security number and
financial information, to run credit checks and other validations on you and
qualify you for a mortgage.
o
Finally,
we may use some of this information, like your name and email, to identify and
alert you of any of our services that you may be interested in using.You can always unsubscribe from these email
notices by clicking here.
o
Furthermore,
we may use your phone number to contact you or respond to any requests or
questions you have regarding our services.
o
Finally,
your signature may be collected as part of an acknowledgement in order to enter into a loan agreement.
Category -
Protected
classification characteristics under California or federal law
·
What We
May Collect:
o
Age
(40 years or older), date of birth, race, color, ancestry, national origin,
citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or
mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression,
pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation,
veteran or military status, dependent information, genetic information
(including familial genetic information).
·
How do we Collect it?:
o
We
collect this kind of information directly from you under our loan
application.
·
What Business Purpose:
o
We are
required to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Home Mortgage
Disclosure Act. The demographic
information we collect about you is so we can fulfil
our obligations to report and disclose information about the mortgages that we
originate, to help regulators determine if lenders as a whole are serving the
housing needs of their communities, identify discrimination, and assist public
officials in making housing investment decisions.
o
None of
this information is used or considered when determining
whether
or not
you qualify for a loan.
Category -
Commercial
information
·
What We
May Collect:
o
Records of personal property,
products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, divorce decree and
property settlements, IRS transcripts, or other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies.
·
How do we Collect it?:
o
We
collect this information from you as part of the loan application process,
either through the form, or your consent to our order of your credit
history.
o
We may
also collect and retain information as it pertains to your use of services.
·
What Business Purpose:
o
We collect and maintain this information about you in order to
determine if you qualify for a loan, what kind of loan you qualify for, and how
much do you qualify for.
o
In addition, we may anonymize and aggregate some of this information to better
inform us about our marketing and marketing team.
Category -
Internet or other similar network activity.
·
What We
May Collect:
o
Browsing
history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a
website, application, or advertisement
·
How do we Collect it?:
o
We may
also collect your IP address through cookies on your device during your use of
our Website. Similarly, we may collect
other information through cookies, such as the type of device, what directed
you to our Website, and whether or not you clicked on
one of our advertisements.
·
Business What Business Purpose:
o
We
collect, aggregate and anonymize this information to better inform us about our
marketing and marketing team.
Sharing Personal Information
KHAM may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose
and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any
purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Outside marketing consultants.
Third party vendors.
Below you will
find a table summarizing how your Personal Information is disclosed:
Category - Identifiers
What we may disclose:
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number.
What Kind of Third Parties Do We Disclose Your Information to?:
We disclose this information to escrow agents, third party lien holders, service providers; document processing companies, consumer verification services, and any other third party involved in your loan process.
Business Purpose for Disclosure:
We disclose this information so these parties know who you are, and how to reach you for the purposes of a transaction between you and KHAM. We may also disclose this information to comply with our legal obligations.
Category - Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
What we may disclose:
A name, signature, Social Security number, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, resident alien card, passport visa, dependent information, divorce decree and property settlement, IRS transcripts, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information.
What Kind of Third Parties Do We Disclose Your Information to?:
We disclose this information to escrow agents, third party lien holders, service providers; document processing companies, consumer verification services, and any other third party involved in your loan process
Business Purpose for Disclosure:
We disclose this information so these parties know who you are, and how to reach you for the purposes of a transaction between you and KHAM. We may also disclose this information to comply with our legal obligations.
Category - Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
What we may disclose:
Age (40 years or older), date of birth, race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, dependent information, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
What Kind of Third Parties Do We Disclose Your Information to?:
We disclose this information to escrow agents, third party lien holders, service providers; document processing companies, consumer verification services, and any other third party involved in your loan process. In addition, we are required to disclose some data to the federal government.
Business Purpose for Disclosure:
We disclose this information so these parties know who you are, and how to reach you for the purposes of a transaction between you and KHAM. We may also disclose this information to comply with our legal obligations.
Category - Commercial information
What we may disclose:
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, divorce decree and property settlements, IRS transcripts, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
What Kind of Third Parties Do We Disclose Your Information to?:
We disclose this information to escrow agents, third party lien holders, service providers; document processing companies, consumer verification services, and any other third party involved in your loan process.
Business Purpose for Disclosure:
We disclose this information for the purposes of reporting your creditworthiness, and to confirm and allow for the verification of information that you provide to KHAM.
Category - Internet or other similar network activity.
What we may disclose:
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
What Kind of Third Parties Do We Disclose Your Information to?:
We disclose this information to marketing partners, service providers; and any other third party involved in your loan process. Furthermore, this information may be shared with external information technology experts to determine and assess the nature of a data breach.
Business Purpose for Disclosure:
We share some of this information, after it has been de-identified pursuant to the Terms of use information to better tailor our service to your brokers.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, KHAM has not sold any personal information. It is KHAM’s policy that we do not sell personal information to any entity
outside of our affiliated companies.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their
personal information. This section describes your CCPA
rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that KHAM disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal
information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
·         The categories of personal information we collected about you.
·         The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
·         Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
·         The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
·         The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
·         If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
·         sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
·         disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that KHAM delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
1.    Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
2.    Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
3.    Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4.    Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
5.    Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
6.    Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
7.    Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
8.    Comply with a legal obligation.
9.    Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights
You have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information we have collected or will collect at any time (the "right to opt-out).
It is KHAM’s policy that we do not sell personal information to any entity outside of our affiliated companies.
However, to exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet
Web page link:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by e-mailing KHAM at privacy@khov.com
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights.
We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
·         Calling us at 1-833-678-0423
·         Visiting www.khovmortgage.com
·         E-mailing us as privacy@khov.com
·         Sending mail to us at:
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC
Attention: Corporate Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
·         Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
·         Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights, below.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
It is KHAM’s policy that we do not sell personal information to any entity outside of our affiliated companies. However, to exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by e-mailing KHAM at privacy@khov.com
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
·         Deny you goods or services.
·         Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
·         Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
·         Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial
incentives permitted by the CCPA that
can result
in
different prices, rates, or quality levels.
Any CCPA-permitted financial
incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value
and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects.Participation in a financial incentive program
requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Under California
Civil Code Section 1789.3, California residents who use the website are
entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or
complaint regarding the services or products provided through the Website,
please send an email to
privacy@khov.com
. You
may also contact us by writing to
K.
Hovnanian Companies, LLC, Attention: Corporate Legal Department, 90 Matawan Rd,
5th Floor, Matawan, NJ 07747
, or by calling us at1-833-678-0423.
California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of
Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at
1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at
(916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
Contacting Us.
Our
“contact us” page contains e-mail links that allow you to contact us directly
with any questions or comments that you may have. If you have any questions
about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please feel free to contact
us at
privacy@khov.com
or at:
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC
Attention: Corporate Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
K. HOVNANIAN AMERICAN MORTGAGE, LLC. - TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Updated January 13, 2020
These Terms and Conditions, as may be amended from time to time
(hereafter, “Terms”),
govern your use of this website and the materials accessible on or from
this website (collectively, the “Website”).
All users (“Users”) of this Website agree that access to and use of this
Website is subject to the Terms.
K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC (“KHAM“,
“us” or “we“)
provides this Website to you (“You” or “Your”) and each user (“User”)
subject to these Terms, other applicable laws, and KHAM’s other policies,
including our Privacy Policy.
You
accept these Terms by accessing or using this Website in any manner, even if
You do not create an Account at this Website.
To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children’s
Online Privacy Protection Act (15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-6506), we do not knowingly
provide products or services to children under the age of 18.This Website is a general audience site that
is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children.You represent and warrant that You are at
least 18 years of age and of legal competence to enter into this
agreement.  If You are using this Website
on behalf of Your employer, You represent and warrant that You are authorized
to accept these Terms on behalf of Your employer.
SECTION
18 OF THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING CLASS
ACTION WAIVER.THIS SECTION AFFECTS YOUR
RIGHTS ABOUT HOW TO RESOLVE DISPUTES THAT YOU MAY HAVE WITH US.READ IT CAREFULLY.
KHAM may change these Terms at any time.
This is the most current version of these Terms. By continuing to access or use
this Website, You accept any changes or revisions to the Terms.
IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
1.      General Terms and
Conditions
The Terms apply to
use of this Website by You and all Users.
By accessing or using the Website, You and all Users agree to be bound
by the Terms.   KHAM provides the
information, services, text, graphic, links or other material on this Website
to You and all Users conditioned on Your acceptance without modification of the
Terms.   The information offered on this
Website is provided with the understanding that neither KHAM nor any of its
affiliated entities is engaged in rendering legal or other professional
services or advice.  The use of the
Website is subject to the additional disclaimers, caveats and notices that may
appear throughout the Website.
2.      License to Use
this Website
KHAM grants You a
personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable license to use
this Website subject to the Terms.  You
may use this Website and information acquired from this Website for Your own
personal, non-commercial, lawful purposes.
You may not use this Website in a manner that exceeds the rights granted
for Your use.
Other than connecting to
this Website by http or https request using a web browser, You may not attempt
to access KHAM’s servers or this Website by any means.In particular, You are prohibited from
scraping, crawling, data-mining, or using any robot, spider, or other automatic
device to send queries to KHAM’s servers or this Website.You may not use this Website to compile data
for use by any commercial entity.
You agree not to disrupt,
modify or interfere with this Website, or its associated software, hardware,
and servers in any way.  You agree not to
impede or interfere with others’ use of this Website.You further agree not to alter or tamper with
any information or materials on or associated with this Website.
The Website and
all rights therein are and will remain with KHAM or one of our affiliates.You may view, copy or print a single copy of
any page from the Website for personal, non-commercial purposes if you do not
remove, modify or alter any copyright or proprietary rights notices that may be
present.  You may not otherwise use,
modify, copy, print, display, distribute, publish, or sell any information,
images or other content from the Website without our express, prior, written
consent.  YOU MAY NOT USE ANY PORTION OF
THE WEBSITE FOR ANY COMMERCIAL PURPOSE.
Any special rules for any software, audio files, video files, downloads
and other items accessible through the Website may be included elsewhere in the
Website and are incorporated into these Terms by reference.
You may not: (i)
remove or obscure any copyright, trademark, digital watermarks, proprietary
legends or other proprietary notices from any portion of the Website; (ii)
reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license,
lease, sell, resell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit,
stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Website, or any aspect of it, except
as expressly permitted by us; (iii) decompile, reverse engineer, jeopardize the
correct functioning of the Website, or disassemble the Website, or otherwise
attempt to derive the source code of the software (including the tools,
processes, methods and infrastructure) that enables or underlies the Website,
except as may be permitted by applicable law; (iv) link to, mirror or frame any
portion of the Website; (v) cause or launch any programs, spiders, robots, or
scripts or other automatic or manual devices or processes for the purpose of
extracting, scraping, indexing, surveying or otherwise data mining any portion
of the Website, or unduly burdening or hindering the operation and/or
functionality of any aspect of the Website; (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized
access to or impair any aspect of the Website, or the related systems, servers
or networks; (vii) use the Website to stalk, harass or harm another individual,
or in any way that is in violation of any law or regulation; (viii) impersonate
any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any
person or entity; or (ix) use any portion of the Website or any content in any
manner that may give a false or misleading impression, attribution or statement
as to us or any other person or entity.
3.      Assignments
KHAM may assign
this agreement at any time without notice to You and/or its Users. You may not
assign this agreement to anyone else, and any attempt to assign shall be void.
4.      Equal Housing
Opportunity
All real estate
information provided herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which
makes it illegal to advertise “any preference, limitation, or discrimination
because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national
origin, or intention to make any such preference, limitation or
discrimination.”  Your state or local
jurisdiction may impose additional requirements.KHAM is pledged to the letter and spirit of
the United States policy for the achievement of equal housing opportunity.KHAM encourages and supports an affirmative
advertising and marketing program in which there are no barriers to obtaining
housing because of race, color, religion, gender, handicap, familial status, or
national origin.  All dwellings within
the United States advertised by KHAM’s affiliated entities are available on an
equal opportunity basis.
5.      Informational
Purposes Only
The content
provided on this Site is intended for informational purposes only and is not
intended to be a legally binding offer or solicitation.KHAM assumes no responsibility or liability
for any actions taken as a result of using this Website, or for errors or
omissions in content.  KHAM has no duty
to keep the Website updated.
6.      Privacy Policy
KHAM maintains a
Privacy Policy describing its collection, retention, and use of information
about users of this Website which incorporated by reference as though fully set
forth herein.  This policy can be
accessed here Privacy Policy,
and is incorporated herein by reference.The Privacy Policy contains policies and
practices regarding Your information and how KHAM will treat it.If You do not agree with our policies and
practices, Your choice is not to use our Website.By accessing or using this Website, You agree
to this Privacy Policy.  This policy may
change from time to time, as set forth in the Privacy Policy.Your continued use of this Website after KHAM
makes changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the
Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
KHAM respects Your
privacy and is committed to protecting it through compliance with the K. Hovnanian
American Mortgage, LLC Privacy Policy.
In addition, the Privacy Policy includes additional rights for
California residents as it pertains to use of their personal information.The Privacy Policy is designed to comply with
the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).
7.      Links to Other
Websites
You may find links
to other Internet sites or resources on this Website that offer content, goods,
or services.  A link from this Website to
a third party website does not imply endorsement of that website nor any
ability to control that site’s contents, products orprivacy practices.You acknowledge and agree that KHAM has no
responsibility or liability (directly or indirectly) for: the availability of
such external sites or resources; the availability or accuracy of any content,
advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or
resources; any damage, loss, claim, or complaint (actual or alleged) caused by,
arising from, or in connection with Your use of or reliance on any such
content, goods, or services available on or through any such site or resource.
8.
KHAM’s
Intellectual Property – Service and Trade Marks
The entire content
of information on this Website, including without limitation all images,
videos, design, text, images, screen displays, software, photographs, press
releases and other information, are copyrighted as a collective work and
protected under the United States and other copyright laws, and are owned by KHAM
and/or used under license or permission from the copyright owner, and are
protected under U.S. and international intellectual property laws.
Unless explicitly
stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any
license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or
otherwise.
You agree not to
reproduce, distribute, display or create derivative works of any part of this
Website or any information presented to You through this Website, in whole or
in part.  This prohibition includes
unauthorized copying or distribution of any of the content displayed or used on
this Website, framing content from this Website, or creating any unauthorized
derivative work.  The information
contained in this Website may not, except under written license, be copied,
reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented,
sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or
in part in any manner without KHAM’s prior written consent, except to the
extent that such use is authorized under U.S. or other intellectual property
laws.  KHAM’s logos, images, service
marks and trademarks used on the Website are owned property of KHAM and may not
be used without prior written consent of authorized KHAM officers.
KHAM uses third
party trademarks on this Website to identify the owners of those marks.Use of any third party trademark is meant
only to identify the trademark owner and its goods and services, and is not
intended to imply any association or sponsorship between the trademark owner
and this Website.  All third party
trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners.
9.
Submission of
Confidential Information and Ideas
From time to time,
Users submit ideas to KHAM, either by email or in the course of a customer
service interaction, for improving this Website or KHAM’s services.KHAM has no obligation to treat this material
as confidential information as stated in the Privacy Policy.To the extent that You wish to have Your idea
remain confidential, to retain rights in Your idea, or wish to be compensated
for submission of Your idea, please do not submit it to KHAM.
10.
Intellectual
Property Claims
If You believe
that Your copyright has been infringed in any way by this Website, promptly
provide in writing the following information to our Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. §512) Designated Agent:
i)
A physical or electronic signature of a person
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed;
ii)
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to
have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single on-line site
are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at
that site;
iii)
Identification of the material that is claimed to
be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be
removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably
sufficient to permit KHAM to locate the material;
iv)
Information reasonably sufficient to permit KHAM to
contact You, such as an address, telephone number and e-mail address;
v)
A statement that You have a good faith belief that
the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent or the law;
vi)
A statement that the information in the notice is
accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that You are authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
The Designated
Agent for this Website is:
K. Hovnanian
American Mortgage, LLC
Attention: Corporate
Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th
Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
Or fax to: (732) 383-2941
, Attn:
Corporate Legal Department
If You believe
that Your other intellectual property or publicity rights have been infringed
in any way by this Website, please provide a detailed description of the
alleged infringement for further investigation via e-mail to
privacy@khovmortgage.com
.KHAM’s actions in receiving, investigating,
or responding to Your e-mail shall not constitute KHAM’s agreement or
verification of Your claim(s) nor any admission of liability therefor.KHAM makes no commitment, covenant, promise,
warranty, representation, or guarantee that it will receive, review,
investigate, or respond to Your claim within any particular time.
11.     Notification
Any notices to be
given to KHAM under these Terms shall be made in writing to privacy@khovmortgage.com
or to the following address:
K. Hovnanian American
Mortgage, LLC
Attention: Corporate
Legal Department
90 Matawan Rd, 5th
Floor
Matawan, NJ 07747
You agree that KHAM
can send You electronic notices to the e-mail address that You provided to KHAM
in creating Your Account or by displaying the notice on this Website. You agree
that all notices, agreements, disclosures, and other communications that we
provide to You electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such
communications be in writing.  You
further agree that KHAM may deliver notice to you by written communication
delivered by first class U.S. mail or courier service to your address on record
in Your Account.
12.     User Account,
Password and Security
To the extent that
a user account is created by you to access and use the Website (“User
Account”), the following will apply:
To access certain
features and/or content available through the Website, we may require that You
sign up using your email address and a password to create a User Account.If You do not create a User Account, You may
not have access to certain functionality of the Website.We use reasonable precautions to protect the
privacy of Your username, password, and User Account information.You, however, are ultimately responsible for
protecting Your username, password, and User Account information from
disclosure to third parties, and You are not permitted to circumvent the use of
required encryption technologies, if any.
You agree to (i) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of Your
username, password, or User Account, or any other breach of security; (ii)
ensure that You exit from Your User Account at the end of each session; and
(iii) use a security passcode to secure Your device where Your User Account
information is stored.  While we may
provide certain encryption technologies and use other reasonable precautions to
protect Your confidential information and provide suitable security, we do not
and cannot guarantee or warrant that information transmitted through the
Internet is secure, or that such transmissions are free from delay,
interruption, interception or error.
Any transmission of personal information is at
your own risk.
In creating and
using Your User Account, You agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current, and
complete information about yourself on any registration form required for the
Website, including, but not limited to, Your full name, email address, and zip
code (such information being the “Registration Data”), and (ii) maintain and
promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current, and
complete.  If You provide any information
that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if we have
reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not
current, or incomplete, then we have the right to suspend or terminate Your
User Account and refuse any and all current or future use of Your User Account.
User Accounts and
usernames are non-transferable, and all users are obligated to take
preventative measures to prohibit unauthorized users from accessing the Website
with his or her username and password.
You agree that You are solely responsible for activity that occurs under
Your User Account.  We are entitled to
act on all instructions received by anyone using Your User Account, and we
reserve the right to pursue any and all claims against any user of Your User
Account.
We reserve the
right to deactivate or cancel a User Account in our sole discretion, including
for the following reasons: (i) You request such deactivation; (ii) You are
deceased; (iii) You do not respond to repeated communication attempts regarding
the status of Your User Account; (iv) You fail to make payments related to Your
User Account (if applicable); (v) You reside in or relocate to a country where
use of a User Account is prohibited under applicable law; or (vi) You act in a
fraudulent or inappropriate manner while using the User Account.You will be responsible for all charges
incurred up until the time the account in deactivated, if applicable.
We may retain User
Account information and some automatically collected information for as long as
You use Your User Account and for a reasonable time thereafter, and as required
by applicable law.  If You would like us
to delete Your User Account information that you have provided, please contact
us a privacy@khovmortgage.com
and we will respond in a reasonable time.
Information that You enter in the Website will generally remain there
until we receive a legitimate request to remove it.
13.     No Representations
or Warranties.
KHAM makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to
the materials and information contained on this Website.
YOU USE THIS
WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR
COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA, DAMAGE RESULTING FROM RELIANCE ON INFORMATION
FROM THIS WEBSITE, OR OTHER DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM OBTAINING ANY CONTENT FROM
THE WEBSITE INCLUDING COMPUTER VIRUSES) EVEN IF KHAM HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF OR IS AWARE OF THE RISK OF SUCH DAMAGE.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, KHAM PROVIDES THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, THE INFORMATION AND THE CONTENT “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WITH ALL
FAULTS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND
KHAM SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT.
YOUR SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ISSUES RELATING TO THE USE OF, OR THE MATERIAL ON, THE
WEBSITE SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE AND CEASE FROM USING THE
INFORMATION OR MATERIAL OBTAINED.
YOU AGREE THAT KHAM
SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATING TO YOUR USE OF, OR RELIANCE UPON
THE WEBISTE OR ANY OF ITS CONTENT.
NO INFORMATION OR
ADVICE PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE BY KHAM, OR BY KHAM’S EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS,
SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.
KHAM MAKES NO
WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, COVENANT, OR GUARANTEE WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED:
i)
AS TO THE VALUE, QUALITY, TIMELINESS, USEFULNESS,
RELIABILITY, SECURITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTHFULNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS
WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, THE INFORMATION, OR THE CONTENT;
ii)
THAT THIS WEBSITE WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE;
iii)
THAT THIS WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, THE INFORMATION,
OR THE CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS;
iv)
AS TO THE QUALITY OR VALUE OF ANY OF KHAM’S
PRODUCTS, SERVICES, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL YOU OBTAIN VIA THE WEBSITE; OR
v)
THAT ANY ERRORS ON THIS WEBSITE WILL BE CORRECTED.
14.     Limitation of
Liability
To the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, KHAM, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and
their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns,
shall have no liability, relating to Your use ofor access to (or inability to access) this
Website, your use of any information or material contained therein, for:
i)
Any and all claims for damages for actual,
consequential, incidental, exemplary, special, or punitive damages even if KHAM
is advised of the possibility of such (including, but not limited to, loss of
business, profits, business information, or business interruption, or any other
pecuniary loss); or
ii)
For direct damages, actually proven, exceeding
US$1,000.00. This limitation shall be enforced even if it causes an exclusive
remedy to fail of its essential purpose.
KHAM reserves the
right, at any time, in KHAM’s sole and exclusive discretion, to amend, modify,
suspend, or terminate this Website, any services, information or content, or
any part thereof, and/or Your use of or access to them, with or without
notice.  KHAM shall have no liability to
You or any other person or entity for any modification, suspension, or
termination, or any loss of related information.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL KHAM BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER
PARTY FOR ANY, AND KHAM DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL, DAMAGES, LOSSES, CLAIMS,
LIABILITIES, PENALTIES, COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR ARISING FROM THE USE OR MISUSE OF
THE WEBSITE.
15.     Indemnification
You agree to
defend, indemnify, and hold KHAM, its officers, directors, employees, agents,
licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or
demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable
legal and related fees and expenses, resulting from, or alleged to result from,
Your violation of these Terms or Your use of this Website.
KHAM reserves the
right to assume exclusive control of its defense in any matter subject to Your
indemnification, which shall not excuse Your obligation to indemnify KHAM.You shall not settle any dispute subject to
Your indemnification under these Terms without written consent from KHAM.
16.      Choice of Law and
Venue for Resolving Disputes
The internal laws
of the State of New Jersey govern this contract and any claims relating to the
materials on this Website or dispute that You may have against us, without
regard to its conflict of laws rules.
The United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall have no
applicability.
BY AGREEING TO
THESE TERMS YOU ARE: (1) WAIVING
CLAIMS THAT YOU MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE AGAINST KHAM BASED ON THE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING YOUR OWN;
(2) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTING TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF, AND VENUE IN, STATE AND
FEDERAL COURTS IN THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY OVER ANY DISPUTES OR CLAIMS YOU HAVE
WITH US THAT ARE NOT COVERED BY THE BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISIONS OF SECTION
18; AND (3) SUBMITTING YOURSELF TO
THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED IN MONMOUTH COUNTY, NEW JERSEY FOR
THE PURPOSE OF RESOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTES OR CLAIMS.
17.      NETWORK
ACCESS AND DEVICES
You are responsible for obtaining the data network access
necessary to use the Website.  If You are
accessing the Website on Your mobile device, Your network’s data and messaging
rates and fees may apply.  You are
responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or devices necessary
to access and use the Website and any updates thereto.We do not guarantee that the Website, or any
portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices.In addition, the Website may be subject to
malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic
communications
18.      Binding Arbitration
18.1 Arbitration. ANY CLAIMS, DISAGREEMENTS, OR
DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SOURCES OR THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION THE COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE (WHETHER VOLUNTARY, UNINTENTIONAL OR
AS A RESULT OF UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS) OR STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION,
SHALL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY BY BINDING ARBITRATION PURSUANT TO THE COMMERCIAL
ARBITRATION RULES OF THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (AAA). ANY RIGHTS YOU
MAY HAVE WILL BE DETERMINED BY A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR, AND NOT BY A JUDGE OR
JURY. YOU ARE THUS WAIVING YOUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT TO HAVE ANY CLAIMS,
DISAGREEMENTS, OR DISPUTES DECIDED IN COURT BEFORE A JURY OR JUDGE, AND INSTEAD
ARE ACCEPTING THE USE OF BINDING ARBITRATION. THE ARBITRATION SHALL TAKE PLACE
IN THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, UNLESS YOU REQUEST, IN WRITING, A DIFFERENT
LOCATION REASONABLY RELATED TO THE CLAIMS, DISAGREEMENTS, OR DISPUTES AND IN
WHICH STATE WE MAINTAIN A PHYSICAL BUSINESS OFFICE. THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE
CONDUCTED BY ONE ARBITRATOR WHO IS SELECTED PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE AAA
FROM THE AAA ROSTER OF ARBITRATORS, USING THE AAA ARBITRATOR SELECT LIST AND
APPOINTMENT. THE AWARD OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL AND JUDGMENT UPON THE
AWARD SHALL BE ENTERED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE STATE OF NEW
JERSEY, OR IN THE STATE IN WHICH THE ARBITRATION TAKES PLACE. THE ARBITRATION
SHALL NOT BE CONSOLIDATED OR COMBINED WITH ANY OTHER ARBITRATION, NOR CAN YOU
PROCEED IN THE ARBTRATION ON A REPRESENTATIVE BASIS OR CAPACITY FOR OTHER
PARTIES. YOU ALSO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION
BROUGHT IN COURT, OR TO ARBITRATE OR PARTICIPATE IN ARBITRATION ON A CLASS
BASIS. EACH PARTY WILL BEAR ITS OWN ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS IN CONNECTION
WITH ANY ARBITRATION, AND ANY COURT PROCEEDING IN CONNECTION WITH THE
ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION OR ENTRY OF JUDGMENT ON AN ARBITRAL
AWARD. ANY DISPUTES REGARDING THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION SHALL BE RESOLVED BY
THE ARBITRATOR. THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW
JERSEY, AND CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES SHALL NOT APPLY.
BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND KHAM
HEREBY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.
18.2.
Location. The arbitration will be conducted in New Jersey, unless the
parties agree to video, phone and/or internet connection appearances.
18.3.
Limitations. You and KHAM agree that any arbitration will be limited to
the Claim between KHAM and You individually. YOU AND KHAM AGREE THAT (A) THERE
IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION
BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS ACTION PROCEDURES; (B) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY
FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR AS A
PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL; AND (C) NO ARBITRATION WILL BE JOINED WITH ANY OTHER
ARBITRATION.
18.4.Exceptions to Arbitration. You and KHAM agree
that the following Claims are not subject to the above provisions concerning
negotiations and binding arbitration: (i) any Claim seeking to enforce or
protect, or concerning the validity of, any of Your or KHAM’s intellectual
property rights; (ii) any Claim related to, or arising from, allegations of
theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or unauthorized use; and (iii) any claim for
equitable relief. In addition to the foregoing, either party may assert an
individual action in small claims court for Claims that are within the scope of
such court’s jurisdiction in lieu of arbitration with the other party’s
consent.
18.5.
Arbitration Fees. The party seeking the Claim is responsible for the
initial fees to AAA. All other fees and costs of the arbitration will be
charged pursuant to the AAA Rules.
18.6.
Severability. You and KHAM agree that if any portion this Section is
found illegal or unenforceable, except any portion of Section 18.3, that
portion will be severed and the remainder of the Section will be given full
force and effect. If Section 18.3 is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then
neither You nor KHAM will elect to arbitrate any Claim falling within that
portion of this Section found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Claim
will be exclusively decided by a court of competent jurisdiction within Monmouth
County, New Jersey and You and KHAM agree to submit to the personal
jurisdiction of that court.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY
AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE
SERVICE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
19.      Severability
If any term of
this Agreement is declared unlawful, void or unenforceable by any court in any
jurisdiction, then such term will be deemed severable from the remaining terms
in such jurisdiction and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the
remaining terms.
20.      Termination of Service
We may suspend or
terminate Your right to access secured portions of the Website at any time,
without notice, for conduct that we believe violates these Terms and/or is
harmful to other users of the Website, to us, to our partners, to the
contributors, to the business of our Internet service provider, or to other
information providers.
21.      Export Restrictions
Any software and
all underlying information and technology downloaded or viewed from the Website
or in connection with the services by You may be subject to U.S. export
controls, including the Export Administration Act and the Export Administration
Regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in other
country.  You are solely responsible for
complying with all trade regulations and law, both foreign and domestic, in
Your use and viewing of the Website, the content and any of our products or
services.  Except as authorized by law,
You agree not to export or re-export the services to any country, or to any
person, entity or end user subject to U.S. export controls, including, but not
limited to, persons or entities listed on the U.S. Department of Commerce
Bureau of Export Administration’s Denied Parties List and the U.S. Department
of Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals.
You represent and warrant the no U.S. federal agency has suspended,
revoked, or denied Your export privileges.
22.      Entire Agreement
These Terms and
any policies posted on this Website constitute the entire contract between You
and KHAM and supersede all previous written or oral contracts regarding this
Website and its usage.  If any part of
the Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in
a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the
original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in
full force and effect.
Active Lifestyle Communities
K. Hovnanian's® Four Seasons communities are intended to provide housing primarily for residents 55 years of age or older. Additional restrictions, including limitations on the ages of additional permanent and temporary residents of a home, may apply. All K. Hovnanian's® Four Seasons communities shall be operated as age-restricted communities in compliance with all applicable local, state and federal laws. Limited exceptions for residents 50 years of age or older may apply. See a Community Sales Consultant for details.
Questions?
Contact Us
Corporate
Investor Relations
Careers
Finance Your Home
See All
HOME BUYER TESTIMONIALS
Equal Housing Opportunity | Terms & Conditions | © 2020 K. Hovnanian® Companies, LLC.