http://www.royal.com/support/privacy-policy/
Welcome to Royal Consumer Information ProductsYou are here: Home
Featured Products
Royal Epoch Manual Typewriter$179.99 each
112MXCross Cut Shredder$79.99 each
POS 1500Point-of-SaleSystem$579.99 each
310DXCashRegister$179.99 each
Leaders in Cash Registers, Security, Health & Office Equipment
In 1904, in a small machine shop, two men produce their first typewriter. Their guiding principles of innovation and quality are the foundation of their company – The Royal Typewriter Company. Today, Royal specializes in Cash Registers, Security, Health & Office Equipment, and continues its’ long tradition of innovative and quality products for the home and office with over 110 Years of Innovation and Quality.
Royal’s line of quality products has expanded to include paper shredders, cash registers, water coolers, calculators, time clocks, postal scales, rechargeable batteries massagers, etc. and a full line of imaging supplies to support today’s office equipment and much more.
Like its’ dominance in the typewriter market, Royal’s reputation for innovation and quality has led it to dominate the market in shredders, cash registers, water coolers, and pencil sharpeners to name just a few categories. Customers have come to expect nothing less from Royal.
“A superior quality product ‘doesn’t just happen’. It is, and must be, the culmination of years of effort and ideas devoted persistently to a fixed purpose and a set ideal.”
– Edward B. Hess, Co-Founder, Royal Typewriter Company
Our History
Click Here to register your products.
Are you interested in becoming a Dealer of our products?  Click here to fill out our request form and one of our representatives will be back to you shortly.
You can feel safe purchasing from our website.  We use the latest encryption technology throughout the purchase process insuring your customer and payment information is safe and secure.
Are you looking for product instructions, postal chart updates and more?  Visit our on-line support page to download the information you need to keep your products running and up-to-date.
Want to stay up to date? Subscribe to our Newsletter!
Name * E-Mail *
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Accept settingsHide notification onlySettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only