http://www.olay.com/olay-policy
Skip to main content
prev
next
25% Off Sitewide Plus Free Shipping!
ALWAYS 30% Off Subscription Orders!
Gift Wrapping Available At Checkout
Need Help?
If you have any question or need help with your account, you may contact us to assist you.
OLAY POLICIES
Last Updated: 26/11/2020
Introduction and Acceptance of Terms
This website offers consumers a convenient way to find, learn about, and purchase products from Olay, ( “we”,” us”, or “our”). We provide this website (the “Site”) subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “Agreement”). The terms of this Agreement apply whether you are just visiting the Site or are a registered Account user (as described below). By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement and that you agree to be bound by all of its terms. If you do not agree to all of the terms set forth in this Agreement, please do not use the Site.
Your use of this Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Ohio, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Site shall be in the state or federal courts located in Hamilton County, Ohio.
In accordance with our Olay Policies, to make a purchase online, you must be a legal resident of the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age.
Modification of This Agreement
We may modify this Agreement or other policies set forth on the Site from time to time. When we modify this Agreement, we will update the “Last Updated” line above. It is your responsibility to regularly review this Agreement. Your use of the Site following the posting of an updated Agreement constitutes your acceptance of such updated Agreement.
Severability
If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.
Privacy
Your use of the Site is also subject to our Privacy Policy
Your Account
The use of certain services on the Site requires the user to have established a user account (an “Account”). There is no charge to establish or maintain an Account, and an Account is not required to make a purchase from the Site. In order to establish an account, you must:
Provide us with your name, a valid e-mail address, and such other information as we may require from time to time;
Create a password; and
In accordance with our Olay Policies, to make a purchase online, you must be a legal resident of the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s) and for restricting access to your computer, and for all activities that occur under your Account or password. We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account or password, either with or without your knowledge. You agree to be responsible for losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your Account and/or password either with or without your knowledge. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account and/or password(s) and any other breach of security relating to the Site. You agree that any information you provide to us will be current, accurate and complete and that you will keep such information up to date by notifying us of any changes.
We reserve the right to terminate any Account at any time in our sole discretion, including without limitation for any failure to comply with these Terms of Use, any fraud or abuse, or any misrepresentation that you or anyone using your Account may make to us.
Payment Options
We currently accept the following payment methods:
VISA
MasterCard
Discover Card
American Express
PayPal
Apple Pay
Google Pay
Making a Purchase
If you wish to purchase products or use certain services described on the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information, including but not limited to credit card or other payment information. You agree that all information that you provide to us will be accurate, complete and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or any other user of your Account and/or any credit card or other payment mechanism issued to you, including without limitation any applicable taxes and shipping, handling and processing charges, if any, relating to such purchases and transactions. We will charge your credit card when the item you purchased is shipped. Credit card orders shipped to a location other than your billing address may require additional verification. Tax is collected only on orders shipped to AL, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS, MO, NE, NV, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WV, WI, WY.
We only sell products to individuals who can purchase with a permitted payment method.
You are permitted to purchase products or services via the Site only for personal use and not for resale. We may in our discretion refuse and/or cancel any order that we believe may lead to the resale of products or services ordered from us. We make no promise that products and services described on the Site are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Accessing this Site from territories where its contents are unlawful is prohibited. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the purchase, possession and use of any product or service ordered via the Site.
We reserve the right to refuse to process or complete any transaction, and to cancel any transaction, in our sole discretion.
Order Acceptance Policy
The advertisement of any product on this Site does not constitute an offer to sell. Your order or your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed are subject to additional credit verification. We may also require additional verifications or information before shipping any order.
Order Limitation Policy
Given the popularity of some products, we reserve the right to limit the quantities of items that can be purchased.
Pricing and Availability
All prices and availability of products are subject to change without notice, up until the order is completed and confirmed. We make every effort to provide you the most accurate information on pricing and availability.
In addition, some of the items on our web site may be incorrectly priced or no longer available at the time you place your order.
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price, we have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price. If an item’s correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship you the item. If an item’s correct price is higher than our stated price, we will cancel your order and notify you of the price error and order cancellation. You will, of course, have an opportunity to purchase the item at the correct price, if you so wish.
If an item you have ordered is not available because it is temporarily out of stock, we will handle the issue as described in our Backorder Policy. If we do not believe that we will be able to fill your order at any time (such as, for example, if the product has been discontinued), we will notify you of the same by email and we will cancel your order for that item.
Product Descriptions
We try our best to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that the product descriptions or other content of this Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. The colors you see will depend on your monitor and we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. All features, content, specifications, sizes and prices of products and services described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions may be approximate and are provided for convenience only. Packaging may vary from that shown. If a product offered by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it unopened in its original packaging in accordance with the Return Policy and Return Procedures.
Backorder Policy
Although we make every attempt to have items in stock, occasionally items may be temporarily out of stock. If any item in your order is out of stock and we will be unable to ship it to you within 30 days of the date of your order, we will notify you of the delay, and you will have the opportunity to cancel the order and receive a refund if you wish by following the directions specified in the notice. If the item remains out of stock for a period of 60 days from the date of your order, we will cancel the order for the item and you will receive a refund, unless you request that we keep the order open and fill it later. If you receive a cancellation notification and would like us to keep the order open, please contact us by following the directions specified in the Return Policy and Return Procedures.
Shipping Policy
Orders will only be shipped to addresses within the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia. We strive to ship your order as quickly as possible. However, our shipping estimates are not guarantees or promises that a product will ship on a specific day or be received by you within a specific period. The amount of time it takes for you to receive a product will depend on how long it takes us to process your order and how long it takes the carrier to deliver the order to you once it is shipped
Our preferred shipping carrier is United States Postal Service. However, we reserve the right to use other shipping carriers.
Shipping charges are based upon the shipment option you select at Checkout. The following shipping options are available. Not all shipping methods are available in all geographic areas, see www.usps.com/ for details:
Standard Delivery: (3-7 Business Days)
Orders are typically delivered within 3 – 7 business days. Actual delivery time depends on shipping distance and may vary.
Delivery to some remote addresses may require up to 2 additional days.
See www.usps.gov/ for additional details.
Second Day Delivery: (2 Business Days)
Orders are typically delivered by the end of the second business day after they are shipped
Your order will be shipped after your credit has been approved and/or any other necessary verification has been completed. To be shipped the same day, your order must be submitted and such approval and verifications completed by no later than 11am Eastern/8 am Pacific. All other orders will be shipped on the day that credit approval and/or other verifications are completed, unless the same takes place after 11 am Eastern/8 am Pacific, in which case the order will be shipped on the following business day.
We are unable to 2-day ship to P.O. Boxes. All items must be shipped to a valid street address.
Some locations in Alaska, Hawaii and remote areas may require additional transit time.
See www.usps.gov/ for additional details.
Risk Of Loss
All items purchased from us are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Return Policy; Return and Refunds Procedures
Return Policy
We want to ensure your complete satisfaction so we will happily accept returns in accordance with the following Return Policy:
Defective, damaged or incorrect items:
Contact us at 1-800-285-5170 to speak to a Customer Service Representative and receive your return authorization (if eligible).
If you received a damaged or defective item from us, or the wrong item was shipped to you, you will not be responsible for return shipping charges, and we will not charge any restocking or other fee in connection with the return. In addition, you will receive a full refund for the item, as described in our Refund Procedures.
To obtain a refund, the item must be returned to us, unopened (unless the item was received by you in a defective or damaged condition) and in its original packaging, with all accessories, within 30 days of the date upon which we provided the item to the carrier for shipment to you. You must also follow the Return Procedures specified below.
We cannot accept items back that have been opened or used unless the item was received by you in a damaged or defective condition.
Damaged or defective items returned without their original packaging will not receive a refund.
Other returns:
Contact us at 1-800-285-5170 to speak to a Customer Service Representative and receive your return authorization (if eligible).
For all returns other than damaged, defective or incorrectly-shipped items (see above), you will be responsible for the shipping charges to return the item(s).
To obtain your refund, the item must be returned to us, unopened and in its original packaging, with all accessories, within 30 days of the date upon which we provided the item to the carrier for shipment to you. You must also follow the Return Procedures specified below.
All purchases made via Tapjoy and/or through mobile gaming are final.
Return Procedures
To return an item, contact us at 1-800-285-5170 to speak to a Customer Service Representative and receive your return authorization (if eligible).
Customer Service will provide you with a return label, which you will be required to print and affix to the package (if eligible).
Securely pack the item(s) you are returning and include a copy of your original packing slip in an appropriately sized box.
Affix the shipping label on the package to be returned.
After we receive, inspect and process your return, a refund will be issued in accordance with our Refund Procedures below.
Refund Procedures
If you are entitled to a refund in connection with a return, the following conditions will apply:
Your refund will be in the form of payment used for the purchase.
The amount refunded will be the purchase price paid by you for the returned item (which reflects the amount of any discounts, promotions or coupons that you received), including sales tax charged with respect to the item, as applicable.
Credits will be issued after we receive, inspect and process your return. Please allow time for the returned item to be delivered to us, for us to inspect and process the return, and for the credit card issuer to credit your account. Your credit card company determines when the credit will be reflected in your statement. It may take one full billing cycle for the credit to appear on your account.
If you purchased using PayPal - PayPal credits the refund according to how the original payment was made. If you used a credit card, PayPal credits your credit card. If you used a funding source other than a credit card, your PayPal balance will receive the credit. If you used both a credit card and another source, the credit card portion goes to the credit card, and the remainder goes to your PayPal balance. Please note, refunds to credit cards can take up to 30 days to appear on your statement.
Contact us at 1-800-285-5170 to speak to a Customer Service Representative for any questions about your return, or to inquire about the status of your refund.
Need Help?
If you have any question or need help with your account, you may contact us to assist you.
×
OK
You can rest assured that OLAY.com is operating responsibly to provide service to all customers across the US as quickly and safely as possible.
We are taking extreme care in the cleanliness and sanitation of our facilities exceeding the standards of the CDC guidelines. Olay employees are mandated to work from home when possible, we are staggering work hours for employees who need to be in-person (manufacturing, fulfillment) and continuing to practice social distancing at every touchpoint.
Learn More
Why Olay?
Cruelty-Free
Ingredient Safety Standards
Customer Service
Live Chat
Call1-800-285-5170
Call1-800-285-5170
Email
FAQ
Shipping & Returns
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Order Status
Join Club Olay
Get the latest updates on our new products and upcoming sales!
Register
©2020 Procter & Gamble
Sitemap
Privacy
CA Privacy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Unsubscribe
Terms & Conditions
Store Policy
Sweepstakes official Rules
Adchoices
Modal close Button
×
Enter to earn rewards points, free shipping on all your orders!
Email Address
Password
Forgot Password
Click Here To Create An Account