https://www.engdev.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookies/
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Here at Engineering & Developments Ltd we understand that you care about your personal information and how it is used. We have made every effort to ensure that we protect your personal information. This policy provides information on how we protect your security and privacy, information about ordering with us and assurances about your credit and debit cards. This privacy policy was last updated on 19th December 2016. Engineering & Developments Ltd is committed to protecting the information you provide us with. We use this information to enhance your experience of our website and to provide you with the services you request from us. When ordering products from us we record your details to ensure that we can complete the following:
Make sure that any orders you have placed can be processed fully to completion.
Contact you if we have any problems with your order or delivery.
Contact you if we have any problems processing your payment.
Once your order is complete your details will be shared with our Sage pay system. We may also use your email address to send you information regarding offers and promotions occasionally. Once you have placed an order with us you will automatically be placed on our mailing list. If you do not wish to receive further emails, you can opt out by emailing us with unsubscribe as the subject heading and you will no longer receive emails from Engineering & Developments Ltd. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have a right to access the personal data that we hold on you. If you would like to see a copy please contact us by email quoting Privacy Policy Enquiry.
Cookies.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual and we will not collect personal information in this way. We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site. Contact Us If you have any questions relating to our privacy policy or how we use the information you provide us with, please contact us using one of the following methods: Phone: +44 (0) 1590 673729, Email: admin@engdev.co.uk Or write to us at;
Engineering & Developments Ltd
Gosport Street
Lymington
Hampshire
SO41 9BB
Quality Assurance
EDL hold the BS EN 9100:2009 accreditation and operate a dedicated quality control service for the manufacture of casting products and components. The inspection department which is staffed by five permanent highly skilled and experienced engineers, is fully equipped to handle all dimensional inspection processes, as well as facilities for non destructive testing as below.
Depending on your requirements, we can offer a wide range of inspection programmes to suit the product.
Full Details