http://www.juliska.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Juliska Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 18, 2018
Penshurst Trading d/b/a Juliska, Inc. d/b/a Capucine de Wulf (“Penshurst Trading”) takes the privacy and security of personal information very seriously. As such, we have prepared the following Privacy Policy to provide you with information about how your data is collected, used, shared, transferred, and protected as a result of your interaction with the Juliska website (www.juliska.com) and the Capucine de Wulf website (www.capucinedewulf.com) (together, the “Sites”). By using the Sites, you agree to the following Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any of the provisions described below, your remedy is to stop using the Sites immediately.
Information Collection
Visitors to the Sites can browse the Sites without providing any personal information. Any provision of personal information is completely voluntary.
When you interact with the Sites by placing an order, we will ask for certain information to process that order. Specifically, we will ask you to provide your: name, shipping address, billing address, and email address. We will also ask you to provide payment information, which is usually a credit card number and associated data.
When you interact with the Sites by becoming a registered user, including for purposes of setting up a gift registry, we ask for your name and email address. You will be asked to create a password for accessing your account. You may also save other information in your account, including shipping and billing addresses, and payment information.
We also collect certain non-personal information such as browsing history on the Sites, the length of time spent on certain pages, the website Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) from the website you were visiting before coming to this Site, which URL you next visit, device type, what browser you are using, Internet service provider, date/time of visit information, operating system, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Information Use
We will use the personal information you provide to:
fulfill your order;
respond to your requests for information;
communicate with you; and
provide you with offers and promotions that we feel may be of interest.
You have choices about certain uses of your personal information. For example, we will provide you with the option of agreeing to receive marketing materials via email. If after you subscribe, you change your mind and decide that you do not want to receive such promotional material from us via email, you can unsubscribe by following the link in each commercial email.
We will use the non-personal information we collect to:
conduct statistical analysis of our Sites;
troubleshoot service issues or interruptions;
update and improve the Sites;
understand the demographics of our users and their browsing habits; and
serve you with promotional messages and advertisements, both while you are on the Sites and after you leave our Sites and continue to browse online.
Information Sharing
We may share personal information with the following entities for the following reasons:
Payment Processors. The Sites do not process your payment for orders. As such, we do not store any payment information, including credit card data. Instead, credit card information is automatically sent to our payment processors when you place an order. We require all payment processors with which we contract to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and industry standards related to the privacy and security of payment information.
Law Enforcement. Occasionally we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personal information. We will disclose personal information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, warrant, or other legal process to the extent necessary to meet legal, national security, public interest, or law enforcement obligations. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Sites for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
Merger. In the event that Penshurst Trading enters into an agreement to be purchased by another company or to merge with another company, we may share personal information with that company. We will require that such purchasers continue to comply with the provisions as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We may share non-personal information with the following entities for the following reasons:
Third Party Analytics Companies. We contract with third parties to provide us with website analytics services to improve our Sites, troubleshoot problems, and provide visitors and registered users with superior service. These companies have access to non-personal information about users’ interactions with our Sites and provide us with statistics about how our Sites are being used.
Advertising Networks. We contract with third party advertising networks to provide you with customized advertisements or promotions. These companies have access to non-personal information such as your IP address. If you would like to learn more about the sharing of non-personal for purposes of providing customized advertisements or promotions, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are sent to and stored in your computer by the websites you visit. Cookies are stored in your browser’s file directory. Cookies may be stored only for the time you are in a given site or they may remain stored in your browser for a defined period of time beyond your current session. Cookies work in combination with content within the website itself, to capture and remember information. To learn more about these technologies and how they work, please see www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use cookies and other similar technologies (such as web beacons and pixels) to collect and process non-personal information.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can review the options available to manage cookies in your browser. One option is to disable, or turn-off, all cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not be able to browse the Sites. If you disable certain kinds of cookies, some aspects of our Sites may not function properly or as well.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our Sites may provide links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the collection, use, or sharing of your personal information once you leave the Sites and follow a link to one of these third party websites. Please consult each linked website’s privacy policy for a description of how the website collects, uses, and shares your information.
Children’s Information
The Sites are not intended for children under the age of 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete it immediately. If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided his or her information to us, please contact us using the contact information below.
Do Not Track
We do not track personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not allow third parties to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites. As a result, we do not respond to Web browser “do not track” signals.
Cross-Border Transfer of Data
We are located in the United States. If you are not a resident of the United States, your country’s laws governing data collection and use may differ from those in the United States; in particular, the United States may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. By using the Site or providing your personal information to us, you are transferring your information to the United States, and you consent to the transfer, retention, and processing of such data in the United States. If you do not agree with such transfer, retention and processing in the United States, please do not use the Sites.
Security
We understand the importance of information security and will take reasonable measures to protect the security and confidentiality of your information. Please understand that no measures can guarantee 100% security.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your username and password to access your online account. Please do not share your password with anyone for any reason. If you suspect that your password has become compromised, please contact us and/or follow the instructions to reset your password.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We will post changes directly to this Privacy Policy, so it is your responsibility to check back here from time to time to review this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change in the type of information we collect or its use, we will provide advance notice of such change, and obtain your consent for the new collection or use, as required by law.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information below.
Juliska, Inc.
465 Canal Street
Stamford, Connecticut
06902
1.888.551.7310
Keep in touch
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
join newsletter
Visit us
Find Store
The Company
Our Story
Careers
Contact Us
US Wholesale Inquiries
International Wholesale Inquiries
Designer/Trade Inquiries
SOS Partnership
Our Stores
Juliska Factory Outlet
Find a Retailer Near You
Customer Care
Shipping Info
Returns & Exchanges
Quality Control & Care
web@juliska.com
843.974.8782
Registry
Lookup
Manage
Create
Registry Benefits
Be Inspired
Juliska Videos
2020 Full Product Catalog
Fall Holiday Lookbook 2020
Essentials Guide 2020
Our Sister Brand
Capucine De Wulf Jewelry
SECURE CHECKOUT
© 2020 JULISKA.   All Rights Reserved
Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy
Join us in the art of living well!
Be the first to know about new arrivals, special events & more.
Subscribe
By signing up you agree to receive email correspondence from Juliska. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping cart.