http://www.failsafeinc.com/privacypolicy.html
Services
VGen Book
Web-Link
by Failsafe Media™
NFC Tags
USB / Flash Media Duplication
USB Duplication
SD Card Duplication
USB / SD Card Duplication Equipment
CD / DVD / Blu-Ray Duplication & Replication
CD / DVD / Blu-Ray
Replication
(For quantities over 1000 pieces)
Corporate Disc
Replication
(For quantities over 1000 pieces)
CD / DVD / Blu-Ray Duplication
(For quantities under 1000 pieces)
CDR / DVDR Duplication Equipment
Printing & Packaging
Warehousing & Fulfillment
Project Management
Resources
Templates
FAQ
Request a Quote
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Failsafe Media maintains high standards for the protection of privacy over the Internet. The following policy statement explains how Failsafe Media protects the privacy of information transmitted over the Internet from its web site visitors.
Generally, Failsafe Media only obtains specific and individualized data about its web site visitors when such information is supplied voluntarily, i.e., when web site visitors send e-mail to or purchase services from Failsafe Media. Failsafe Media then uses the information for the purpose of fulfilling the visitors' requests. In the future, Failsafe Media may increase its technical abilities for gathering data about visitors in order to enhance the services offered to visitors and customers. This privacy policy will be periodically updated to reflect any such changes to Failsafe Media practices.
Failsafe Media web sites may employ "cookies". Cookies are small segments of text that are transmitted to a visitor's web browser and which store information on the visitor's hard drive. This information is later transmitted back to the server that originally sent it to the visitor upon a later visit to that site. Cookies allow servers to recall previous transactions to avoid repetition in data gathering. A visitor can configure its equipment hardware, usually with its browser to make notification when they receive a cookie. The visitor can refuse it.
Failsafe Media will not sell or reveal information obtained about its visitors to anyone outside of Failsafe Media unless authorized by the visitor, it is legally required, or such disclosure is required to protect the safety of employees, visitors, customers, or property.
Failsafe Media does not send "junk" e-mail, also known as "spam". In certain instances, when Failsafe Media wishes to contact customers via e-mail, respond to messages, confirm purchases, or transmit information requested by a visitor, Failsafe Media will use e-mail. Any time a customer or visitor receives e-mail it does not want from Failsafe Media, the customer can request that Failsafe Media not send further e-mail.
Failsafe Media has security measures in place for protecting data conveyed during a visitor's purchase with Failsafe Media. Failsafe Media employees, partners and subcontractors are required to protect the privacy of such data. Failsafe Media wants its visitors and customers to feel that their privacy will be protected when the visitor accesses their account or purchases services from Failsafe Media on-line.
Failsafe Media denies any responsibility for the privacy protections or content offered by other sites to which Failsafe Media web sites may contain links. Because Failsafe Media desires accuracy in the information it obtains and uses about its visitors and customers, Failsafe Media will attempt to verify its data and will ask its customers to notify it of any inaccuracies or mistakes of which they may become aware through their on-line account data and monthly bills.
Web-Link by Failsafe Media™
Introducing Web-Link from Failsafe Media: an attention-getting, affordable device that plugs into a USB port and automatically directs users to a web page of your choosing.
Increase gift card sales
Increase credit card applications
Grow eCommerce sales
Turn anonymous card users into customer relationships
Boost loyalty program membership
Click HERE to find out more!
CD / DVD / Blu Ray Duplication and Replication
USB / Flash Media Duplication
Web-Link by Failsafe Media™
Printing & Packaging
Home
• CD / DVD / Blu-Ray Replication
• USB Duplication
Resources
Warehousing and Fulfillment
Terms of Service
• CDR / DVDR Duplication
• SD Card Duplication
• Templates
Project Management
Privacy Policy
• CD / DVD / Blu Ray Duplication Equipment
• USB / SD Duplication Equipment
• FAQ
About Failsafe Media
Site Map
CD / DVD / Blu-Ray Replication
BUSINESS: From bulk discs to custom engineered packaging, Failsafe Media can match your specifications, on-time and within budget. We have built our reputation on quality, upparalleled service and pricing. Failsafe Media is recognized for work in software, entertainment, pharmaceutical, and educational publishing industries.
MUSIC: In the highly competitive music world, having a professional CD and promotional package can be the thing that sets your band apart. Whether you're approaching record labels, promoting your music , trying to get a gig , or even if you're an indie record label trying to build interest in your bands, a quality CD rather than a few homemade MP3 samples will award you with markedly higher odds of getting heard.
For more information, click here.
CDR / DVDR Duplication
Duplication is the process that replaces Replication for runs of optical media of 1000 pieces or less. Our print quality on our duplicated CDR and DVDR's is second to none. We also sell equipment so you can do your own CDR or DVDR duplication at your business, office, or even at home.
For more information on CDR / DVDR Duplication, click here.
USB Duplication
Failsafe is a global leader in Custom USB Duplication and home to North America's largest memory card duplication facility. With thousands of Custom USB Flash Drives available in all shapes, sizes and colors, Failsafe has the right product for you and your budget. In addition to Custom USB Duplication we also provide Custom Printing, Labeling, Packaging, Assembly and Fulfillment services.
For more information on USB Duplication, click here.
SD Card Duplication
Failsafe is a global leader in Secure Digital (SD) Card Duplication and home to North America's largest memory card duplication facility.
Duplication is performed using the latest Secure Digital technology, at 			speeds over 3.2MB/sec. At Failsafe, we can duplicate thousands of Secure Digital (SD) Cards with the exact same data, encode independent data onto thousands of individual cards, or anything in between.
Along with Secure Digital (SD) Card Duplication, we provide labeling, packaging, assembly and fulfillment services leaving no limit to what can do with your Secure Digital Card project.
For more information on SD Card Duplication, click here.
Web-Link by Failsafe Media™
The Web-Link, also known as a Web Key, is a cross platform marketing tool that bridges the gap between direct marketing and digital marketing.The Web-Link / Web-Key has incredible marketing applications, innovative and quick data connection capabilities and data capture applications. The ROI using Web-Link / Web-Key has been extraordinary. By connecting the Web-Link / Web-Key to a "ghost page" on your website, you can precisely track the success of your marketing efforts.
For more information on Web-Link / Web Key, click here.
Printing & Packaging
From some of the largest names in the software industry all the way down the line to some of the smallest local outfits, Failsafe has always prided itself in being able to work with customers of all sizes, to produce a high quality and cost effective product, designed to meet a great variety of customer's needs, no matter what the quantity requirement.
At Failsafe, we provide high quality digital, offset sheet fed, or web printed pieces to compliment our media duplication or replication products. Between our in-house equipment and our partner plants, we have what it takes to meet all of your print needs. Thats right, whether you need 10 units or 10,000,000 units, our FULL SERVICE COMMERCIAL PRINTING & PACKAGING CAPABILITIES have you covered.
For more information on Printing & Packaging, click here.
Warehousing and Fulfillment
For over 28 years, major corporations have looked to Failsafe Media Company, not only for their media replication, printing and packaging needs, but also for the assembly and fulfillment of their varied programs.
Whether it be the insertion of a coupon, or affixing samples of your product line with other components, we have the experience and manpower flexibility to build your custom products or media kit. We certainly can ship to a distribution center or direct to end-user customers.
We offer custom manufacturing, packaging, assembly and shipment direct to multiple locations... this equates to complete full service from Failsafe Media that also includes warehousing and control of components.
We ship with all major national and international freight handling companies. We have the ability to print shipping tags right from your electronic database, and will provide all the reporting needed for your internal accounting or tracking needs.
For more information on Warehousing and Fulfillment, click here.
Project Management
From mastering to shipping, we bring together all aspects and nuances of your project, from beginning to end. At Failsafe Media, we are comfortable working closely with existing customer vendors. We do as much or as little of the project as you choose. We currently ship many components and/or completed sub assemblies to plants that others would consider our competitors. We consider them nothing less than partners in achieving customer satisfaction that complements our mutual customer's needs.
For more information on Project Management, click here.
About Failsafe Media
Since 1983 Failsafe Media has provided full service media duplication to the Chicagoland area and beyond.
Failsafe Media Company is a family owned and operated business with humble beginnings, duplicating 5 1/4" and 8" floppy diskettes. Remember those? We've come a long way in 29 years! We now offer CD Replication, CDR Duplication, DVD Replication, DVDR Duplication, Blu Ray Replication, Web-Link Duplication, USB Duplication, SD Card Duplication and all forms of flash memory products.
We recently introduced our newest product, Web-Link by Failsafe. Web-Link is a cross platform marketing tool which integrates direct marketing with digital marketing. The Web-Link has produced remarkable ROI results.
Our CD manufacturing capacity is 350,000 per day our DVD manufacturing capacity is 140,000 per day. Blu Ray, our newest optical product, capacity is 40,000 per day. We also provide CDR Duplication and DVDR Duplication for those times when even the largest customers have short run and "quick turn" requirements. We offer same day and next day service in the CDR Duplication and DVDR Duplication process up to 5000 pieces.
To complement all our products, we offer printing, packaging products, kitting, warehousing and fulfillment.
We are located outside of Chicago in Wauconda, Illinois.
For more information, click here.
Contact Us: Failsafe Media Company, 1000 Brown Street, Suite 204, Wauconda, Illinois 60084 |
Call Toll Free: 800.537.1919, Local: 847.719.0000, Fax: 847.719.0200
Copyright © 1983-2015 Failsafe Media Company. All Rights Reserved.
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service.
CD Replication, DVD Replication, Blu-Ray Replication, CD Duplication, DVD Duplication, USB Duplication, SD Duplication, Printing, Packaging,
Fulfillment, Warehousing, and Project Management Services.