http://www.psprint.com/legal/privacy.asp
Learn the privacy policy of online printing company PsPrint.
Hello,
Guest
My Account
Login
My Jobs
My Files
My Saved
Designs
My Account
Cart (0)
800.511.2009
Products
Top Products
Booklets
Brochures
Business Cards
Calendars
Flyers
Greeting Cards
Postcards
Posters
Stickers
Marketing Products
Brochures
Door Hangers
Flyers
Magnets
Newsletters
Postcards
Rack Cards
Sales Sheets
Stickers
Business Essentials
Business Cards
Calendars
Envelopes
Labels
Letterhead
Memo Pads
Notepads
Pocket Folders
Product Hang Tags
Events &
Promotions
Banners & Signage
Beverage Coasters
Event Tickets
Flyers
Invitations
Posters
Sales Sheets
Stickers
Table Tents
See All Products
Design Templates
Featured Design Galleries
Business Cards
View Gallery
Greeting Cards
View Gallery
Postcards
View Gallery
Stickers
View Gallery
Invitation Cards
View Gallery
More Galleries
Brochures
Ultra Postcards
Envelopes
Ultra Business Cards
Magnets
Letterhead
Services & Resources
Services
Custom Printing
Design Services
Die Cutting
Foil Stamping
Mailing Services
Resources
Layout Guidelines
File Setup
PsPrint Blog
Ideas & Inspiration
Video Testimonials & Tutorials
Help Center
Free Sample Kit
Deals
About Psprint
Why Print With Us
Customer Testimonials
Eco-Friendly Printing
Press Room
Partnership Programs
Hours & Directions
Privacy Policy
PsPrint is committed to protecting our customers’ privacy. We do not share, sell or otherwise disclose information about our customers to any other party except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies only to www.psprint.com and describes how Deluxe Small Business Sales Inc. doing business as PsPrint ("PsPrint.com", "PsPrint", "we", "us", "our") collects and uses the information you provide on our site. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of the information you provide to our site, and how you can access and update this information. The terms "we", "our", and "us" in this Privacy Policy refer to PsPrint, a Deluxe company, and its affiliates. Information Collection PsPrint, a Deluxe company, is the sole owner of the information collected on www.psprint.com. PsPrint collects information from our users at several different points on our site. We use this information to fulfill your order, send you requested product or service information, respond to customer service requests, send you marketing communications, administer contests, surveys, or sweepstakes you may have entered, and improve the customer experience while on our site. We reserve the right to disclose information about you as required by law, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. We may purchase additional data about our customers from third party sources and combine it with the information we have already collected in order to assist us with our marketing activities. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. PsPrint does not store this information after sending this one-time email. Registration In order to use PsPrint, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give a name and email address. We use this information to contact the user about our services even if they have not placed an order.  We also collect credit card information if a user places an order on the site. Communications from the Site Special Offers and Updates: Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals via email offers or direct mail. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. If you do not wish to receive future emails, please see the Choice/Opt-out section below. Customer Service We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services. Both our production and customer service staff use email and phone information to communicate with customers about issues pertaining to their orders. Social Media Our site includes social media features such as Facebook "Like" and "Share This" buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Blog and Testimonials Our site offers a publicly accessible blog. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. For testimonials, we obtain the customer's consent prior to posting their name along with their testimonial. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit through testimonials. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us via one of the methods listed below. Cookies and Other Technologies A cookie is a small data text file that our server sends to your computer and that your computer sends back to us each time you visit our website.  Cookies are used by PsPrint in order to uniquely identify users, associate user files with orders and to enable the shopping basket. You can disable and/or delete cookies by controlling your browser settings. If you do disable cookies, our site will not recognize you, and you may not have access to all portions of the website.In addition, we and our partners use technologies similar to cookies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Choice/Opt-out Section below. We also partner with third parties to display advertising on our website, some of which is based upon your browsing activities and interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. Log Files Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. This data is not linked to personally identifiable information. Security We are committed to protecting your information. Security measures are in place on this site to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We offer industry-standard security measures available through your web browser. When you are on this site, the sensitive information you provide such as credit card and financial information is encrypted with secure socket layer (SSL) technology and scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches us. Please remember that email, which is different from the encrypted sessions above, is not secure. Therefore, we ask that you do not send sensitive information such as credit card or account numbers to us via an unsecured email message. Information Disclosure and Your ChoicesWe use an outside shipping company to ship orders, an email service provider to submit email communications to you on our behalf, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We may selectively share customer information, including names and mailing addresses, with reputable third parties and organizations whose products and services we think may interest you if the customer information is independently obtained by us (that is, if the information is received from sources other than your financial institution). We may share your information with such third-party business partners, for instance, for the purpose of enhancing our products and services or so that they can market their products and services to you. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us as described below.
In some cases, we may use third-party service providers to assist in providing you with customer service, fulfilling your requested service and you agree that we may release information about you to them for these purposes. When we engage third-party suppliers, they are only provided the information required to perform those services, such as order fulfillment, payment processing, or fulfilling subscription services. They are expected to abide by their contractual obligations when conducting work for us and are prohibited from using your information for any other purpose.
We provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving unsolicited marketing as a result of your transaction with us. If you no longer wish to receive special offers or promotional communications from Deluxe, you may edit your Account Profile or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication. You may also express your optout choices by contacting Deluxe customer service, as described below.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
We reserve the right to disclose information about you as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, legal process served on our company.
If Deluxe is involved in a merger, acquisition, dissolution or sale of all or a portion of its assets, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information. You will be notified via email and/or with our Notification of Changes section of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. Choice/Opt-out Our users are given the opportunity to “opt-out” of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email, emailing us at remove@psprint.com or by following the unsubscribe instructions within the email. Users who no longer wish to receive our direct mails can opt out on this page https://www.psprint.com/myaccount by clicking the the 'Remove Me' button under the DIRECT MAIL OFFERS heading. Links Our site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this site. Notification of Changes If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy on the homepage and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected. If we are going to use personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will post a prominent notice on our site notifying users prior to the change becoming effective. If customers have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. Access to Correct/Update/Deactivate If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, or request that it be deleted/deactivated by accessing your PsPrint account or by contacting us at the address listed in the Contact Information section.  We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Contact Information If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacyprogramoffice@deluxe.com. For all other requests, please contact us at: Customer Service PsPrint.com 2100 Dennison Street Oakland, CA 94606 800.511.2009
PRIVACY NOTICE – CALIFORNIA-SPECIFIC ADDENDUM If you are a California resident, the following provisions apply to our processing of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household [subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act] (“California Personal Information”). For such residents, the provisions of this California Addendum prevail over any conflicting provisions of the Privacy Notice. Read more ...
Deluxe has collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months1:             (A) Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.             (B) Personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 (California Customer Records statute). This means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.             (C) Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.             (D) Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.             (E) Biometric information.             (F) Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.             (G) Geolocation data.             (H) Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.             (I) Professional or employment-related information.             (J) Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99).            (K) Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.2 Within the last 12 months, within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act, we have sold California Personal Information identified in the above categories A-K.3 Within the last 12 months, we have disclosed California Personal Information identified in the above categories (A)-(K) for our business purposes. To learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see www.deluxe.com/policy/privacy. We obtain California Personal Information from a variety of sources.4[These sources include: yourself, with respect to both online and offline interactions you may have with us or our service providers; other entities with whom you transact; others with whom you maintain relationships who may deal with us on your behalf; the devices you use to access our websites, mobile applications, and online services; credit bureaus; identify verification and fraud prevention services; marketing and analytics providers; public databases; social media platforms; and others consistent with this Privacy Notice.] Please see www.deluxe.com/policy/privacy. We use the California Personal Information we collect for the business purposes disclosed within this Privacy Notice. Please see www.deluxe.com/policy/privacy. Please note that the business purposes for which we may use your information include:5
-   Audits and reporting relating to particular transactions and interactions, including online interactions, you may have with us or others on our behalf;
-   Detecting and protecting against security incidents, and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting the same;
-   Debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems;
-   Short-term, transient use including contextual customization of ads;
-   Providing services on our behalf or on behalf of another, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling transactions, verifying identity information, processing payments, and other services;
-   Conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology; and
-   Conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality or safety of services or devices which we may own, control, or provide.
We may also use the information we collect for our own or our service providers’ other operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you additional notice, or for purposes compatible with the context in which the California Personal Information was collected. Your California Rights If you are a California resident, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information. [You may exercise these rights free of charge except as otherwise permitted under applicable law.]
Section 100 Rights. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the specific pieces of personal information we have collected.
Section 105 Rights. You have the right to request that we delete California Personal Information about you which we have collected from you.
Section 110 Rights. You may request that we disclose to you:
the categories of California Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which the California Personal Information is collected;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling California Personal Information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share California Personal Information; and
the specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
Section 115 Rights. To the extent that we sell your California Personal Information within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act or disclose such information for a business purpose, you may request that we disclose to you:
the categories of California Personal Information that we have collected about you;
the categories of California Personal Information about you that we have sold within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act and the categories of third parties to whom the California Personal Information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the California personal information was sold; and
the categories of California Personal Information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Opt Out. In addition, we may sell your information within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act. You have the right to opt out of such sales here. To submit an opt-out request, click here. You may request to exercise these rights by:6 -   Providing us with your contact information via email at Privacy@deluxe.com -   Calling us toll-free at 877-861-8985. [As required or permitted under applicable law, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law.] Subject to applicable law, we may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above rights, or any other rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by:
Denying you goods or services;
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.7
Do Not Sell My Personal Information If you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of our sales of certain information relating to individuals and households subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act. To exercise this opt-out right, whether you have an account or not, please submit a request via Privacy@deluxe.com. If you do not have an account, include your name and email address or mailing address.
1 Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100(a)(5)(B). 2 Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.130(c). 3 Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.130(a)(5)(C)(i). 4 Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.110(c)(2).
5 “Business purpose” is a defined term under the CCPA. Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(d). This notice takes the position that “business purpose” includes any reasonable operational purpose, but we note that the definition is unclear. Possibly, “business purpose” may mean only the specific listed items within the definition (audits, detecting security incidents, etc.).
6 Pending legislation provides for alternative means of exercising rights. AB 1564. This draft reflects the law as currently in effect.
7 Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.130(a)(5).
Read less
Effective Date: 10/01/2016
About Us
Why Print With Us
Customer Testimonials
Eco-Friendly Printing
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Partnership & Sponsorships Programs
Customer Service
Contact Us
Help Center
Customer Satisfaction Guarantee
Other Deluxe Products
Custom Promotional Products
Custom Apparel
Marketing Materials
Products & Services
All Products
Custom Printing
Direct Mailing Services
Design Services
Foil Stamping
Die Cutting
Free Sample Kit
Resources
Layout Guidelines
File Checklist
PsPrint Blog
Hot Off the Press
Ideas & Inspiration
Get Connected
Get PsPrint deals & design tips via email
Our Locations
Oakland / San Francisco Bay Area
2100 Dennison Street
Oakland, CA 94606
Des Plaines / Chicagoland
1600 East Touhy Avenue
Des Plaines, IL 60018
Salt Lake City
5820 Harold Gatty Drive
Salt Lake City, UT 84116
Mountain Lakes
105 U.S. Highway 46
Mountain Lakes, NJ 07046
Copyright © 2001-2020 PsPrint All rights reserved  |  Phone: 800.511.2009  |  Site Map  |  Home
do not sell my personal information