http://www.rilem.org/article/privacy-policy-94
Sign up for our Newsletter
Recommended browsers: Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, or Google Chrome (latest versions)
We don't recommend using Microsoft Internet Explorer because you may experience problems using RILEM website.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting the RILEM website. The International Union of Laboratories and Experts in Construction Materials, Systems and Structures is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, customers, and other contacts. Any information you choose to provide on the website will only be used to provide or improve the services we offer. Acceptance By browsing this website, communicating electronically with us and/or submitting your personal data to this website, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to the processing of your personal data by RILEM as described below. Cookies The RILEM website uses cookies. These are small text files that are stored on your computer. They make it possible to manage your account information, and to better serve you when you visit the website. Some cookies are stored on your computer until you delete them. It you want to avoid storing cookies, you can disable them in your web browser Personal Information On this website we have to process data about you (for example your address, your contributions or the emails you have opened). These data can be for members of the association (for the online directory), for the staff of the association or for the third-parties of the association, as part of our activities. When paying a membership fee or registering for an event, other information is collected in order to ensure that your contribution or registration is taken into account. In order to offer you a quality service, we keep information about the emails you have received, read or clicked, on the dates and times you are connected to the website. You can control which data is displayed in the online directory from your private area in the "Privacy" section. Sharing of information with third parties We may disclose personal data if we are required to do so by law or if such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights of RILEM, its customers and the public. RILEM will not share your details with any third part unless absolutely required to do so by law. The exception is primarily, third-party providers RILEM uses to provide our services. These third-party providers are bound by a contractual agreement to keep your data private and secure. Below is a list of the third-party providers RILEM uses and what information these have access to:
Netanswer
Netanswer is a company based in France. They host our website www.rilem.net and email platform.
Springer Nature Group
Springer Nature group publishes the Materials and Structures Journal, the RILEM State-of-the-Art reports and the RILEM Bookseries. Accessing the documents from your private area will redirect you to their website. They may store customer information for statistics.
YouTube
RILEM uses YouTube that stores their own third-party cookies. Links to other sites RILEM website contains links to other sites. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of those sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policies. RILEM is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy policies of any other sites which you visit, including sites linked from RILEM website. Governing Law The legal relations between us and the customer shall be governed by the laws of France. You agree to submit any dispute arising out of your use of this Web site to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of France. Terms of use of digitalized papers There is an immediate access to the electronic file after control of the login and password of the customer having a special access to the electronic file. Each online paper being displayed and downloaded as an electronic file (PDF, HTML, XML or others) is submitted to the following conditions: 1. The electronic file can be published on the personal web site of any co-author of the paper, with the clear mention of the copyright owner. 2. The electronic file is for the sole use of the person having downloaded it. 3. The electronic file being downloaded cannot be sold to other people. 4. Copying the electronic file on several computers is strictly prohibited. 5. The electronic file should not be re-sent to one or more e-mail addresses. 6. The electronic file should not be uploaded on a web site of an institute or of a company without official permission of the RILEM association, owner of the copyright. 7. The electronic file should not be put on a FTP server, on a file server or on an intranet for multiple users. The right to request and modify personal information In accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).You have the right to order a copy of the data we have on you. You may also request that we correct personal information, or that we remove your personal information completely. To order a copy or request a change of your personal information, please contact the RILEM Secretariat: RILEM Secretariat Anne Griffoin, DPO 4 avenue du Recteur Poincaré 75016 Paris FRANCE