http://www.spectris.com/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
The pages on the website (‘the website’) are published by Investis Limited (“Investis”) on behalf of Spectris (“Spectris”, “us” or “we”).
Investis will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided by them.
When you visit Spectris’s website, Investis’ web server collects some basic information such as your internet service provider's domain name, which pages you accessed on the site, and when.
We and Investis use this information only to analyse the use of our website to help guide improvements. We do not collect any personally identifiable information.
If you register for the alert service, you will need to provide your name and email address. This information will be held by Investis and may be accessed by Investis Corporate Communications PVT. Ltd (a subsidiary of Investis) from its premises in India for administration of the alert service. The information will not be used for any other purpose; it will be stored securely and will not be shared with third parties. By registering for the alerts, you consent to this use of your name and email address.
Cookies
When you visit Spectris’s website, Investis uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that allow them to maintain your connection to the website. This website may use cookies for detecting what kind of device you have in order to present content in the best way, for a language switch and/or for other purposes. These cookies do not collect or store any personally identifiable information. You can refuse the use of cookies.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses cookies (text files placed on your computer) to help the website operators analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
How to refuse the use of cookies
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, if you do this you may lose some useful functionality such as personalisation and ‘keep me signed in’ and ‘remember me’ features.
How to disable cookies in your browser