https://www.icaew.com/icaew-policies/privacy-notice
Skip to content
Stay up-to-date with the latest Coronavirus news: Sign up for daily news alerts
ICAEW.com works better with JavaScript enabled.
Home
ICAEW policies
Privacy notice
Privacy notice
This privacy notice provides an overview on how we use your personal data. We believe it is very important to respect the privacy of individuals, and to make only safe and ethical use of the information that is provided.
What is covered
What personal data do we collect?
Why do we collect your personal data?
How do we protect your personal data?
Your rights
Data protection office
What personal data do we collect?
Personal data is defined as information which directly or indirectly identifies an individual. The personal data we collect differs depending on your group:
Member
Associated users
Regulated, licensed and quality assured individuals
Students
ICAEW employers
Staff pensions fund
Why do we collect your personal data?
The reason we collect personal data changes depending on the activity we need it for.
Legal obligation
We collect personal data to comply with our legal obligations e.g. providing information to regulators, law enforcement and statutory bodies.
Contract
We collect personal data when you want to enter a contract with ICAEW. This includes but is not limited to ICAEW membership, examinations, career services, courses, ACA training and subscriptions to faculties and communities.
Legitimate Interest
We collect data to enable you to fulfil your organisation’s obligations as an ICAEW authorised training employer or your role as an authorised training principal. We also collect data to provide access to ICAEW’s online training file platform, to enable you to carry out your organisation’s obligations as an ICAEW authorised training principal. We may monitor shopping activities to provide you with basket reminders. We may process your personal data for marketing purposes where we are legally permitted to do so. You can opt out of receiving marketing at any time by contacting us at data.protection@icaew.com. We may also collect your data in order to carry out research to support ICAEW’s work.
Consent
We process personal data where you have given consent for us to do so. Student and ICAEW membership, training, examinations, events, and marketing.
How do we protect your personal data?
ICAEW has implemented stringent information security and personal data protection policies. Employees who come into contact with your personal data have obligations to adhere to our policies, and are regularly trained in security and privacy best practice.
We apply appropriate technical and organisational measures in order to protect data, computing devices and the network from accidental / malicious activities or theft. Where appropriate, we encrypt our data and devices with confidential information securely destroyed when no longer required.
Our offices are protected 24x7, with physical access via swipe cards and / or staffed receptions. Additional security measures are in place limiting access to our data centres.
Your rights
Data protection laws give you a number of rights with respect to how organisations process your personal data.
Right to be Informed
You have the right to be informed of the use that your personal data will be put to, along with details of the Data Controller and your rights.
Where you provide your personal data directly to ICAEW these details will be made available at the time your data is obtained.
Where ICAEW obtains your personal data from a third party, these details will be made available within a reasonable period of having obtained the data. If your personal data is to be used to communicate with you, these details will be provided at the latest, when the first communication takes place. If disclosure to another recipient is envisaged, these details will be provided at the latest, before the data is disclosed. In all cases, notification will take place, within one month of receipt of your personal data.
Right to Access
You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal data held and processed by ICAEW, on request.
ICAEW exercise a number of exemptions:
Exam scripts and marks prior to publication.
Employment references.
Contract negotiations.
Ongoing investigations into professional conduct where it would prejudice the outcome.
You exercise this right through the submission of a verbal or formal Subject Access Request to the ICAEW’s Data Protection Office email: data.protection@icaew.com or
Data Protection Office
ICAEW
Metropolitan House
321 Avebury Boulevard
Milton Keynes
MK9 2FZ
UK
Should you exercise your right by making a verbal request, the ICO recommends that you follow this up in writing to provide a clear trail of correspondence and evidence of your actions.
Right to Rectification
You have the right to request ICAEW to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal data.
Right to Erasure (to be Forgotten)
You have the right to request ICAEW to erase your personal data from its systems and records. This is not an absolute right however, and does not normally apply to purposes covered by Legal Obligation or which is necessary for the performance of a Contract.
Right to Restrict Processing
You have the right to request ICAEW to stop or restrict the processing of your personal data. This could be for example, if your personal data is no longer necessary for purpose of processing.
Right to data portability
You have the right to request a copy, in a portable format, of the personal data which you have provided directly to the ICAEW and which is automatically processed.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, where ICAEW relies upon Legitimate Interest as the lawful basis for processing.
Rights related to automated decision making including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling), which may significantly affect yourself.
Complaints
If you are unhappy with how your personal data is processed by ICAEW, you have the right to complain to the Data Protection Office. If you remain unhappy, following ICAEWs response to your complaint, you have the right to lodge a further compliant with our Supervisory Authority, The Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
The ICO’s address is: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Cheshire, SK9 5AF. You can also contact them by telephone on +44 (0)1625 545 745 or via their website at www.ico.org.uk.
Data protection office
The data protection office has been established to ensure ICAEW's compliance with data protection laws. It acts as a point of contact for our members, non-members, students, prospective students, customers, stakeholders, employees, prospective employees, and our supervisory authority.
ICAEW is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) as a data controller for the processing of personal data (Z5765897)
Contact us
Data Protection Office
ICAEW
Metropolitan House
321 Avebury Boulevard
Milton Keynes
MK9 2FZ
UK
E: data.protection@icaew.com
T:+44(0)1908 248 250
Updated 15 September 2020
All contents © ICAEW 2019.
‘ICAEW’ and ‘we’ refers to The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, incorporated by Royal Charter RC000246 with registered office at Chartered Accountants’ Hall, Moorgate Place, London EC2R 6EA.
All ICAEW privacy notices
Privacy notice
Member privacy notice
Student Privacy Notice
Regulated, licensed and quality assured individuals privacy notice
Associated users privacy notice
Authorised employers privacy notice
Data protection policy
Data protection office
The data protection office ensures ICAEW's compliance with data protection laws.
+44(0)1908 248250
data.protection@icaew.com
Home
Coronavirus
Membership
Learn
Careers
ACA students
Resources
Communities
Insights
Regulation