http://www.sd-displays.co.uk/privacy-policy
call:
01628 673 864
Home
Shell Schemes
Download a Brochure
FAQs
Quote Request
Poster Board Hire
Download a Brochure
University Testimonials
FAQs
Quote Request
Exhibition Stands
T3 Systems
Bespoke Stands
Modular Systems
Exhibition Stand Graphics
Roller Banner Stands
Pop-up Stands
Plinths / Counters
Display Panel Kits
Quote Request
Other
Small Format Printing
Large Format Printing
Banners
Flags
Bespoke Items
Furniture
Accessories
AV
About Us
Meet the Team
Testimonials
Partners
Gallery
Blog
Videos
Case Studies
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy1.	This privacy policy applies to SD Displays’ website at www.sd-displays.co.uk (the “Website”). We at SD Displays take your privacy seriously. This policy covers the collection, processing and other use of personal data under the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”).2.	For the purpose of the GDPR we are the data controller and any enquiry regarding the collection or processing of your data should be addressed to The Data Controller at our address, SD Displays Ltd, Clivemont Road, Maidenhead, SL6 7BU3.	By using the Website, you consent to this policy. Information we collect4.	We will collect personal data on this Website only if it is directly provided to us by you the user, e.g. your e-mail address, name, home or work address and telephone number, and therefore has been provided by you with your consent. Normally you will only provide such details if you wish to sign up for our free e-newsletter or other resources or are making a purchase from us.5.	We also use analytical and statistical tools that monitor details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data (but this data will not identify you personally).Use of your information6.	We may hold and process personal data that you provide to us in accordance with the GDPR.7.	The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you, and to meet our contractual commitments to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:7.1	To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service;7.2	If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale to you;7.3	Where you have consented to receive our e-newsletters, from time to time we would send them to you.Disclosure of your information8.	We may disclose your information to regulatory bodies to enable us to comply with the law and to assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.Controlling the use of your data9.	If you have given us consent to use your data for a particular purpose you can revoke or vary that consent at any time. If you do not want us to use your data or want to vary the consent that you have provided you can write to us at the address detailed in clause 2 or email us at info@sd-displays.co.uk at any time.Where we store and transfer your data10.	We do not collect or use or disclose sensitive personal data, such as race, religion, or political affiliations.11.	We may disclose your personal data outside of our group: (a) in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; and (b) if SD Displays’ business is bought by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the assets to transfer to the buyer.
However, any such transfer will only be on terms that the confidentiality of your personal data is protected and that the terms of this privacy policy will continue to be complied with by the recipient.12.	Otherwise, we will process, disclose or share your personal data only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or legal process served on us or the website.13.	You have the right to opt out of our processing your personal data for marketing purposes by contacting us at info@sd-displays.co.ukSecurity14.	The transmission of information via the Internet or email is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data while you are transmitting it to our site; any such transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.15.	Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) 	a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
You should choose a password that is not easy for someone to guess.Third party links16.	You might find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their 	own privacy policies, which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.Use of cookies17.	Our Website uses cookies. We use cookies to gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our Website. Such information will not identify you personally - it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our Website. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. We may also gather information about your general Internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer, as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our Website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our Website. Where we work with advertisers on our Website, our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our Website.Your rights 18.	The GDPR give you the right to access information held about you by us. Please write to us or contact us by email if you wish to request a confirmation of what personal information we hold relating to you. You can write to us at the address detailed in clause 2, above, or by email to info@sd-displays.co.uk. There is no charge for requesting that we provide you with details of the personal data that we hold. We will provide this information within one month of your requesting the data.19.	You have the right to change the permissions that you have given us in relation to how we may use your data. You also have the right to request that we cease using your data or that we delete all personal data records that we hold relating to you. You can exercise these rights at any time by writing to us at the address detailed in clause 2, above, or by email to info@sd-displays.co.ukChanges to this policy20.	We may update these policies to reflect changes to the website and customer feedback. Please regularly review these policies to be informed of how we are protecting your personal data.We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at Unit 6, Clivemont Road, Maidenhead, SL6 7BU or info@sd-displays.co.ukVersion: May 2018
Events & HirePoster board hireShell schemesFurniture hireAccessories
Exhibition StandsBespoke StandsModularSystemsT3 Display SystemsPop-up StandsStand graphics
Display ItemsRoller Banner StandsPlinths & CountersPop-up StandsDisplay Panel KitsBespoke ItemsT3 Systems
Print & PromoSmall format printingLarge format printingBanners &
flagsPromotional items
Contact Us Tel:     01628 673 864Email: info@sd-displays.co.uk
Follow Us
SD Displays
© 2020
Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Web Design by Digity
Share by: