http://www.eurostair.com/privacy-policy/
COLLECTION OF GENERAL DATA AND INFORMATION
The website of Eurostair collects information from you when you use our web forms to contact us, request a quote, sign up for our newsletter or sends email to any of our public email addresses. The data and information collected may be your name, email address, phone number and what company you represent.
The Eurostair website automatically collects and saves information from your device and browser, including your ip-address, information about your hardware and software, information related to the requested page.
THE USE OF INFORMATION AND PURPOSE
The information we collect from you may be used to:
Contact you by email or phone
Send newsletters containing commercial content
Offer you a quote on requested products/services
Improve our website and your customer experience
E-COMMERCE SECURITY
We are the only owner of the information collected on this website. Your personal information will not be sold, traded, exchanged, transferred or shared to any other company without your knowledge or concent with exception for operational tasks like delivering a product or service.
THIRD PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade or transfer your personal data unless the purpose is to fulfill our service to you. We may share information to trusted third party that help us operate our website or company if they agree to keep this information confidential and complies with our privacy policy.
INFORMATION PROTECTION
We take a series of safety measures to protect your personal data. We use advanced decryption methods to protect data transferred over the internet protocols. We make sure that only persons with a purpose can access your data. The computers/servers that is used to store this data is located in a secure environment.
COOKIES
We use cookies on our website to improve the experience on our website and detect returning visitors. Cookies improves the user experience on our website by tracking and understanding our users behavior and interests. Our use of Cookies do not identify our website visitors personal data.
VIEW, UPDATE AND DELETE YOUR DATA
We use the email address you provide to us to send information and updates related to your order, newsletters and product information. Please contact us on info@eurostair.de for information about your rights to see, change or delete your data.
Eurostair will continue to process and protect your personal information collected before GDPR in the same way as after. If you want to cancel your subscription to our newsletter, please use the "unsubscribe link" included in every newsletter.
CONSENT
By using our website you agree to our privacy policy.Some functionality of this Website requires cookies to work.
By continuing to browse our website you accept the use of cookies. What are cookies?Close