http://www.alside.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Associated Materials, LLC - Privacy Notice
Effective Date: November 01, 2013
Associated Materials, LLC and its corporate subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “AMI”) respects your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Notice applies to personal information we collect through our  websites, including mobile sites that link to this Privacy Notice. It does not cover links to third party applications that may have their own privacy policy and terms of use related to their product and services. In some cases a website or online service covered by this Privacy Statement may provide additional information specific to the website and online services. The user is encouraged to review those policies and statements.
By using our websites you agree to our collection, use, disclosure and transfer of information as described here.
Information we collect
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we may collect or receive, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. This Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of personal information. We also tell you how you can contact us and to:
access, change or not use the personal information you have provided to us
withdraw any consent you previously provided to us
refrain from sending you email alerts
answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices
Information you choose to  provide to us
You may choose to provide personal information to us when you use our websites. Because we directly ask you to provide information in these cases, you often will be able to tell from our specific requests what types of information we receive from you. Some examples of information you provide us are:
your contact information such as your name, address, email, and telephone number (which may include mobile phone number)
login and access credentials such as username and password for applications that require login
personal information in communications and other content you submit such as photographs, product information, details about your projects and property
personal information you submit in connection with job application
The personal information we collect from you will vary depending on the service you are using, the site you are visiting, and how you access it. Because we change our offerings and features from time to time, the information you provide us also may change, but here are some examples of situations in which you may decide to provide information to us:
registering with our websites
creating an online account
signing up for email alerts or subscribing to receive information
completing a survey
contacting us for any reason, such as by email, including for technical support or customer service
using our websites or online services when personal information is required for use or participation
potentially by engaging with social media or other online outlets
Information collected via automated means
We obtain certain information by automated means when you visit our sites using technologies such as cookies, Web server logs, Web beacons, and JavaScript.
Usually, the information we collect does not identify you specifically as an individual, and we do not use this data to attempt to identify you at an individual user level. Usually, we aggregate the data and use it in statistical form to determine trends among groups of users. The type of information we collect by automated means may vary, but generally includes technical information about your computer, such as IP address or other device identifier. The information we collect also may include usage information and statistics about your interaction with our websites. That information may include the URLs of our web pages that users visited, URLs of referring and existing pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, platform type, and other information about how you used our websites.
In cases where you use a mobile device to access our sites we may receive information about the location of your device. In some cases, even if you are not using a mobile device, information about your general location may be  discernible from your device’s IP address or the URLs we receive. If you access or use our sites or services with your mobile telephone, we may collect your telephone number.
Please note that if ads or other features on our site are provided by third parties, those parties also may use automated means of data collection that are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies.
We may use information we collect by automated means to understand our users as a group, sometimes based on group traits such as demographics, to determine their preferences. As a result, we can develop and deliver new or modified offerings, improved with our users’ preferences in mind. As described below, we also may use it to provide a more personalized user experience and to manage advertising.
Here are some of the types of automated data collection that may occur when you use our sites:
Web Browsers
When you visit one of our websites, your browser automatically sends us your Internet protocol (“IP”) address so that the web pages you request can be sent to your computer or device. We may use your IP address to determine additional information, such as whether the computer or device has ever been used to visit our site before, which site features were used the most often, and how much time was spent on a page.
Cookies
We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about you when you visit our sites or  use our services. The following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies:
your browser type and operating system
web pages you view
links you click
IP address
site you visited before coming to our site
AMI emails you open and/or forward
AMI offers or links you connect to via emails
Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. We may use cookies, for example, for authentication purposes and to measure session activity on the site and determine which areas and features of the site are the most popular. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our site features.
Web Beacons and Log Files
We may use “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, tracking pixels, and clear GIFs) on pages of our website. These web beacons allow third parties to collect information such as the IP address of the device, the URL of the web page, the time the page was viewed, the type of browser used, and any additional information in cookies that may have been set by the third party. The information is typically collected in log files, which generally track traffic on our websites. Purposes for this information collection may include managing our online advertising, including by determining which ads brought users to our websites. The information may also be  used for analytical purposes and to manage technical issues that may arise. We do not attempt to identify individual users through this information.
How information is used
We use the information we collect to provide the products and services you request, to tell you about other products and services offered by AMI, and to manage our sites and services. Some examples of how we may use the information are:
To provide you with access to the site, service or feature you requested
To provide you with technical support or customer service
To communicate with you, respond to your requests, or provide you with updates and information
To manage your account
To better understand our users, their interests and their preferences
To develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, and other offerings
To create personalized content, services or advertising related to AMI products and services
Information we share
In general, we do not share your personal information with third-party marketers, unless we have asked for and obtained your explicit consent. We may share personal information we collect within our family of companies and with our trusted business partners. We also may share information with service providers that perform services on our behalf. These partners and service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
We also may disclose information about you:
if we are required to do so by law or legal process
to law enforcement authorities or other government officials
when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity
when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights or property of  AMI or others
if necessary to protect the vital interests of another individual
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
When you use our websites, you agree that we may share information about you as described here.
Links to other sites
We may provide links to other sites for your convenience and information. These sites may be operated by organizations not affiliated with AMI so we cannot control and are not responsible for their content, operation, or privacy practices. Those organizations may have their own privacy policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you use other sites. This Notice does not apply to those sites, even if we link to them or they link to us.
Third Party Social Media Tools
AMI maintains official pages or accounts on several third-party websites in order to better engage our customers and promote awareness of our activities, events, news and information
Your activity on these third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third-party sites. Users of third-party sites are often sharing information with the general public, user community and/or the third-party operating the third-party site. You should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them to ensure that you understand how your information may be used. You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences.
Some of these sites include Facebook, Twitter
Facebook is a social networking website where users can connect and interact with other people.  Please note that you are subject to Facebook's privacy policy when visiting our Facebook page. In addition, users may post comments on the AMI Facebook page.
Twitter is a “microblogging” service to communicate and stay connected through the exchange of short, frequent posts of 140 characters or less (including spaces!) called “tweets”. We tweet regularly to keep you abreast of news and other information from our agency. Please note that you are subject to Twitter's privacy policy when visiting our Twitter pages.
Google AnalyticsTM
AMI  uses Google Analytics, a third-party web measurement and customization technology.
Google Analytics places a small file on your computer, commonly called a “cookie,” so that it can recognize your computer if you visit our  website in the future. This cookie does not collect personal identifying information.
Google Analytics does not collect personally identifiable information through its cookie and does not combine, match, or cross-reference with any other information. Please review the Google Analytics privacy policy for additional information.
Users who choose to disable this web measurement tool will still have full access to AMI. While the details vary from browser to browsers, most modern browsers can be set up to accept, reject or request user intervention when a site asks to set a cookie. Google Analytics uses a cookie that begins with: _utm.
Your choices
In certain cases, you may have choices about how we use and disclose your information. For example, we have to ask you before we can use your personal information for any purpose incompatible with those purposes identified in this Notice. If we provide you with any marketing messages, we also will give you an opportunity to opt out of receiving further messages.
You also may  choose not to give us the information we request, as described in the “Information You Provide to Us” section of this Notice. In some cases, if you decide not to provide information we may  not be able to provide you with access to the site you requested, or we may not be able to provide you with the service, feature or information you requested.
In some cases, you may be able  stop or limit the information we collect by automated means. Please review the sections of this Notice titled “Information Collected by Automated Means” to learn more about how you may be able to stop or limit our receipt of that information.
You may exercise and amend your choices by sending an email to us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Access and correction
We will provide you with the ability to access and update certain information we have about you, such as your contact information. Your right to access or amend personal information may be limited in some circumstances. Please submit your request by sending an email to the address specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below. Please include your name, email address and postal address in your request so that we may respond appropriately and promptly.
How we protect personal information
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information from accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing.
Children’s privacy
AMI does not direct its websites to children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a user who is under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records.
Transfers of information
As part of our international operations, we may transfer information about you to any jurisdiction where we do business. Even if those jurisdictions do not have the same privacy laws as the jurisdiction where you reside, we will treat your information as subject to the protections described in this Notice. When you use our websites, you agree that we may transfer information about you as described here.
Updates to our privacy notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws. We will indicate at the top of the Notice when it was updated. Please review this Notice any time you access or use our sites to make sure you have reviewed the most recent version.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us at privacy@associatedmaterials.com.
Associated Materials, LLC PO Box 2010 Akron, OH 44309
Back to Top