http://www.licensingpages.com/terms-conditions
Licensingpages / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
All Rights Reserved Ltd (trading as “Licensingpages”). Registered in England and Wales no. 3808840. Our registered office is at 1 Pegmire Lane, Aldenham Herts WD25 8DR. VAT no. 815474425.
By entering the Licensingpages website you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of use. When you place an order online for either a book or contract template, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions.
Registration
You will soon be able to register to create an account with us in the contexts of a purchase. All registered users must set a password which they will afterwards use to sign in. You agree to be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password which you choose. To terminate your account please email hello@licensingpages.com.
E-commerce merchandise
Our merchandise product prices are indicated on each product page. We enable payment in multiple currencies, via our payment processing partner PayPal. Each product is sold subject to its product description. Our product descriptions are correct at the time the information was entered into our system.
Exchanges and refunds
Please see our separate refund policy
Payment methods
On Licensingpages.com all credit and debit card payments are processed by PayPal on their secure payments server. For more information visit: https://www.paypal.com/
Privacy and cookies
Please refer to our separate privacy policy to understand how and why we use your personal data, and how and why we share your personal data with trusted third party providers. We use cookies in the context of providing this website. Please refer to our cookies policy for further information on how we use cookies.
Third-party websites and advertisers
Our websites may provide links to third party websites, or advertisements promoting other companies’ products or services. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organisations that operate such linked websites may collect, use, disclose or otherwise treat your personal data.
Sale of business
We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event of a merger with a third party or upon a sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party acquirer.
Changes to this document
This page may be updated periodically, to reflect changes to our website’s offer, or the terms and conditions of its use. Revised Terms and Conditions will be posted on this website.
How to contact us
To make enquiries or exercise any of your rights set out in this Terms and Conditions section and/or make a complaint, please contact hello@licensingpages.com We aim to respond to all queries within 48 hours.
Updated: Thursday 16 May 2018