http://www.iagtechnology.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
IAG Website Terms & Conditions
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions as well as our privacy policy:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “IAG”, “IAG Technology”, “IAG Technology Ltd”, “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to IAG Technology Ltd a company registered in England with registered company number of 04537418, registered address: Unit 4 Leaches Farm, Bicester Road, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, HP18 0RF
“Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing English Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Terms of use
The usage of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of our website's pages are for your general information and promotional use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It's your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the relevant copyright.
You must seek our written permission to use any material or content from our website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s) unless they are operated by us.
Disclaimer and limitations
The information on this website is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or any of our other literature; and exclude all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages. This Company does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its direct negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Any offer or acceptance contained within or implied by this website is made subject to contract and all contents are Without Prejudice.
Use of Cookies
Like most interactive web sites this website uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies. By using our website you agree to have cookies added to your browser software by us or our partners.
Links from this website
We do not monitor or review the content of other websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. We will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
Changes to these terms
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. You are responsible for checking our terms and conditions before each session of using our website.
IAG Technology
Unit 4,
Leaches Farm Business Centre
Kingswood, Aylesbury
Bucks, HP18 0RF
01296 483838
INFO@IAG.TECH
LATEST NEWS ON AV, IT & EDUCATION
Currently Preparing the IAG Twitter Feed...