http://www.ktionline.com/privacy
Kruger Technologies, Inc.
Client Login
Home
Home
AboutHistory
Locations
Values
Careers
ServicesConstruction Services
Geotechnical
Environmental
ExperienceGSA
Military/Government
Design/Build
Education
Commercial
Airports
Infrastructure
Public Works
People
Contact Us
KTI Online Privacy Policy
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
About KTI
KTI is a full service professional consulting and testing facility, offering a broad spectrum of design through construction phase services to the owner, contractor, and their professional consultants.
KTI was founded in 1986 in Knob Noster, Missouri, and is headquartered in Lenexa, Kansas.
KTI serves the better part of Kansas and Missouri from its various locations.
KTI E-Delivery
At KTI, we're committed to making it more convenient to do business with us.
That's why we've created the New KTI Online and our web-based report delivery system, E-Delivery.
If you haven't signed up, please click the "Create new account" tab above and fill in your information.
Once your account is activated, you will be able to receive all your information from KTI in one place, plus you will receive email alerts when we've made changes or added new reports.
Home   |
About   |   Services   |   Experience   |   People   |   Contact Us   |   Client Login   |   Privacy Policy
KTI is recognized by the Small Business Administration as a SBE.
KTI labs have been inspected and validated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
© 2009-2017 Kruger Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.