https://www.presentationproducts.com/wpautoterms/
You are here: Home / Service Videos / Legal Pages
https://www.presentationproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Logo-for-site.jpg
0
0
Christine Laughren
https://www.presentationproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Logo-for-site.jpg
Christine Laughren2020-05-19 14:24:022020-05-19 14:30:47COVID-19Last updated: May 19, 2020
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.presentationproducts.com website (the “Service”) operated by Presentation Products (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Presentation Products and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Presentation Products.
Presentation Products has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Presentation Products shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
https://www.presentationproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Logo-for-site.jpg
0
0
Christine Laughren
https://www.presentationproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Logo-for-site.jpg
Christine Laughren2020-01-24 00:23:352020-05-19 14:47:51Terms and ConditionsLast updated: May 19, 2020
Presentation Products (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Presentation Products website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://www.presentationproducts.com
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
https://www.presentationproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Logo-for-site.jpg
0
0
Christine Laughren
https://www.presentationproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Logo-for-site.jpg
Christine Laughren2020-01-24 00:21:402020-05-19 14:47:08Privacy Policy
Categories
AV as a Service
Corporate
Higher Education
Hospitality
K-12 Education
Knowledge Base
Uncategorized
Archive
December 2018
June 2018
May 2018
January 2018
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
May 2017
February 2017
November 2016
October 2016
March 2016
February 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
Tags4k
Architects
audio solutions
audiovisual
audiovisual build
audiovisual integration
audiovisual solutions
av
business
business technology
Classroom Technology
Classroom Trends
Collaboration
conference room
corporate av
digital displays
distributed audio
Event
Free Lessons
homepage
hospitality av
infocomm
Lync
Lync Room System
microsoft
new york city
Notebook
NYC
presentation products
projection
retail space
schools
school technology
scn
SMART
SMART kapp
smart technologies
SMART Update
software
Technology Integration
Tips For Teachers
Unified Communication
Video Conferencing
video walls
VTC
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Got it! | Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy - COVID-19