http://www.timberlinemag.com/privacy-policy
Home
Subscribe
Issues
Current Issue
Past Issues
Digital Editions
Archives
Videos
News Releases
Classifieds
Suppliers Guide
Search
Timberline Magazine
- Advertisement -
Home
Subscribe
Issues
Current Issue
Past Issues
Digital Editions
Archives
Videos
News Releases
Classifieds
Suppliers Guide
INDUSTRIAL REPORTING INC. PRIVACY POLICY FOR TIMBERLINE MAGAZINE
WEBSITE
Thank you for visiting TimberLineMag.com, an Industrial Reporting Inc. (IRI) owned Web site. As a publisher serving the forest products sector in North America, IRI values your privacy and patronage. Hereafter, you may be referred to as “Visitor”.
IRI strives to follow the policies outlined in this “Statement”. IRI believes that these policies will protect the privacy and rights of Visitors while allowing it to do what is necessary to remain a competitive, viable media company.
1. General Policy
The vast majority of content, resources, and services offered via this site are provided without IRI collecting any personally identifiable information from Visitors. This includes accessing articles and directories. Some activities on our site do require IRI to collect personally identifiable information. Those activities include but are not limited to subscription requests, social media interaction and advertiser services. When personally identifiable information is collected, Visitors will be able to tell because they will have to fill out a form.
When it comes to data on individual Visitors, this is primarily captured from forms on the website. This information is used to process print and e-mail subscriptions, data collection from surveys and contest submission requests. Information such as a person’s name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, demographic information, job title, survey responses, etc. That data is stored on IRI internal servers behind a firewall with limited access to the outside world. Some elements of that information may be uploaded to third-party services to help facilitate the customer request. For example, IRI works with third-party vendors to manage e-mail campaigns. IRI only works with major e-mail service providers, such as Mail Chimp and Jango Mail. All e-mail campaigns are CAN-SPAM compliant offering opt-out options.
2. Cookies
IRI does use cookies to enhance a Visitor’s experience on this Website. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Web site. These pieces of information enhance and in many cases speed up a Visitor’s use of the site. Cookies let us remember information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within our Service without reintroducing yourself. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your settings.
3. Tracking
IRI may anonymously track Visitor usage by assigning a random ID each time a Visitor logs onto this site. Information tracked includes, but is not limited to, the referring URL, what pages you choose to visit and in what order, how long you remain at each page, and your IP address. This information is used for purposes of system administration, diagnostics, site tracking and reporting of aggregate usage information to third parties such as our advertisers and content partners or for research purposes. IRI does not link information automatically collected to information identifying visitors individually.
4. Advertising, Sponsors, and Promotions
IRI Web sites including this one may carry third-party advertisements, links or promotions. These may use cookies or other technology to track information on Visitors. If you want information on their policies, contact the third party directly. Once you click on a sponsored link or advertisement and leave the IRI sites our privacy policy no longer applies.
IRI currently does not sell information about specific Visitors to third parties. However, if we believe there is value to our Visitors, IRI or its agents will send messages or promotions to Visitors on behalf of another company or entity. These promotions may include physical mailings, telemarketing or telefaxing campaigns as well. Please be aware that IRI reserves the right to change this policy at any time and may do so in a retroactive manner.
IRI may transfer your personal information to companies that we hire to deliver, promotional messages, products or services. These companies (shipping companies, fulfillment companies, and email management companies) will not have the ability to use the information for their own purposes but will merely act on our behalf.
5. Aggregate Reports
IRI will aggregate individual site usage reports to develop summaries and site traffic information for advertisers. This will not include personally identifiable information about you.
6. Contests and Surveys
From time to time, IRI offers online surveys and contests. These surveys may ask for contact information or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results. Contests may require contact information or other demographic/personal information in order to determine eligibility. This information may be released to third parties or used for IRI’s own promotions.
7. Disclosure of Personal Information
IRI may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on IRI, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of IRI or visitors of IRI Web sites, or (c) protect the personal safety of visitors of IRI or the public.
8. External Links
This Web site may contain links to other sites with information gathering policies that are different from those of IRI. You should always be careful and consult the policies on these sites before providing private information. IRI has no control over the policies of these sites and cannot guarantee that they will act in an ethical manner.
9. Amendments
Please be aware that IRI reserves the right to change its policies at any time for any reason. Any policy change will be posted on the Web site. IRI encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how IRI is protecting your information.
10. Secure Payment
Some IRI forms may allow for secure, online credit card transactions. This information will be encrypted for your protection. Do not provide credit card or bank account information unless requested by IRI and the secure transaction icon appears on your browser. For more information on secure transactions, consult the Help menu on your browser. This financial payment information will not be stored on IRI or third-party servers. Thus, you will need to re-enter credit card information for each transaction.
11. IRI Privacy Contact
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy statement or if you feel that this site has not followed its stated information policy, feel free to contact us.
IRI Web Site Coordinator – Attention: Privacy Policy
10244 Timber Ridge Drive
Ashland, VA 23005
Phone: 804-550-0323
FAX: 804-550-2181
E-mail: admin@ireporting.com
Last Modified: June 17, 2019
Helpful LinksHome
Current Issue
Past Issues
Digital Issues
Video Archive
Classifieds
Company InfoAdvertise
About Us
Contact Us
Contact Us
Timberline Magazine10244 Timber Ridge DrAshland, VA 23005(804) 550-0323(804) 550-2181
Industrial Reporting
Pallet Enterprise
Pallet Profile
Recycle Record
Timberline Magazine is a monthly publication of Industrial Reporting Inc.
© 2010, Industrial Reporting, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use