http://www.alphasondesigns.com/privacypolicy
Home
Alphason Designs Privacy Policy
Effective 28 September 2018
Introduction
This document sets forth the online Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") of Alphason Designs ("Alphason") for this website (the "Site"). By using or accessing this Site you signify your acknowledgment and assent to this Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site. This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities or the collection of information other than through the Site. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand how Alphason collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide on our Site. "Personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains.
Changes in Privacy Policy
All personal information that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. Alphason reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion, and will provide notice of changes by updating this posting and/or on the home page of this Site. If, as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which Alphason is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described below in the section titled Updating Personal Information and Privacy Preferences. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after such update or notice has been posted. Please check this policy periodically for changes. If at the time you provide personal information to Alphason, you are given the opportunity to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by Alphason or by third parties, Alphason will not change your preference in this regard without your consent.
Entities collecting personal information
Personal information on this Site is collected by: Alphason
Collection of personal information
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as subscribing to the services or newsletter offered on this Site, requesting information, entering contests or utilizing online software applications, Alphason may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, Alphason may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address, email address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
When you use the Site, Alphason or third parties authorized by Alphason may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. We use this technical information to facilitate and track your use of the Site, to measure traffic patterns on the Site and to otherwise administer our web site. Without expressly informing you, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.
When you submit personal information to Alphason through this Site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which Alphason and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including, without limitation, the United States of America and Canada. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, authorized vendors of Alphason may undertake the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information for Alphason. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. One instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible and the pages are being hosted by a vendor of Alphason.
Linked Sites
The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will not be governed by this Privacy Policy but by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Alphason has established relationships with various service providers whose services may be available to you from this Site or from websites that are linked to this Site. Typically, these providers offer services that Alphason customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Alphason services and products. In order to use those services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly stated to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider's website will not be subject to this Privacy Policy but to the privacy policy posted on such site. However, personal information that you provide while on this Site in conjunction with a provider's service will be subject to this Privacy Policy. You should be aware that our agreements with these service providers often provide that they will share with Alphason personal information collected from you. In such instances, Alphason may use this information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Policies For Children
Use of Personal Information
Alphason collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities and services you select. If you subscribe to a service or register a product, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. Your personal information is also used to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of Alphason and selected third parties if you have elected to be on our emailing list or otherwise opted to receive such communications.
Alphason may collect information about the use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. Alphason may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes and provide such aggregate data to third parties for similar purposes.
Choices Regarding Personal Information
Alphason recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of personal information collected on this Site. Unless you have indicated you wish to be on our emailing list or otherwise opted to receive promotional communications, Alphason will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Alphason or third parties, although we may communicate with you regarding services you have requested or your use of the services on this Site. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, Alphason will not provide your name to unaffiliated companies or organizations without your consent.
There are other instances in which Alphason may divulge your personal information. Alphason may provide your personal information if necessary, in Alphason's good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of Alphason or others. Alphason may also provide your personal information to third party shipping agents or financial institutions (such as credit card companies) if necessary to order, pay for or ship products or services that you have ordered.
Use of Cookies
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use cookies to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It provides a way for our Site to remember you, and enables Alphason to record your passwords and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)
While Alphason uses cookies to track your visit to our Site, and our web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, Alphason does not generally use this information to identify you personally. However, if you expressly provide consent for the Site to remember the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the site, that unique identifier will be stored on a cookie on your computer, linked to your Registration Information, and your navigation path around the site will be tracked. We associate this data to understand how our Site and services are being used so we can understand our customers and offer appropriate products and services.
Web Beacons
Web pages on this Site or e-mail messages you receive from us may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which is sometimes also called a "web bug" or "clear gif". Web beacons are typically very small (generally 1-by-1 pixel) and invisible to the user, however any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail message, including an advertisement or HTML content, can act as a web beacon. Web beacons are designed to allow Alphason or a third party to collect certain information and monitor user activity on our Site. Collected information can include the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to, the URL of the page the web user comes from, and the time the web beacon is activated (such as when you view the web page, advertisement, or e-mail that contains the web beacon). We may permit third parties to place web beacons on our sites or in e-mails sent on our behalf for purposes of collecting these same types of information.
Conversion Tracking
Search engines offer a feature called conversion tracking which is a way to track clicks to sales from either search results or ads on search engines. Using either web beacons or visible images, depending upon the search engine, the search engine notes and saves information in a cookie with non-personal information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each query. Information is gathered in the aggregate, without unique personal data. Conversion tracking allows the search engine company and Alphason to track clicks to sales, including the number of clicks (visits) it takes before a purchase is made and permits Alphason to measure the effectiveness of its search engine participation.
Advertising
We may use personal information about you and your visits to our Site to target advertisements (concerning Alphason or third parties) to you on our web pages or in e-mails. We may use the services of a third party advertising company to actually serve such ads, however we will not provide your personal information to such advertising company except as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy. Such ad serving may involve the use of web beacons or cookies to manage and target advertisements and for market research analysis. We may also share non-personally identifying web site usage information about visitors to our Sites with third party advertising companies for the same purposes.
Updating Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
You have the right to access and correct your personal information privacy preferences at any time you may such as whether wish receive promotional communications from Alphason or third parties by calling 1-800-267-1739
Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us. In your correspondence, please indicate with as much detail as possible the location on this Site where you provided your personal information.
Privacy-Related Inquiries and Complaints
If you believe that Alphason has not complied with this online Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write to Alphason at the contact address indicated below.
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Alphason online Privacy Policy has not been followed. We will attempt to investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly. Please note that if you provide Alphason with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), Alphason cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored. Also, please note that Alphason is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Alphason websites to which this Site or any other Alphason website may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.
General
Please note that if Alphason sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or Alphason (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, Alphason may provide to such entity customer and personal information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent.
Specific areas or pages of this website may include additional or different provisions relating to collection and disclosure of personal information. In the event of a conflict between such provisions and this Privacy Policy, such specific terms shall control.