http://www.gadsby.co.uk/26/privacy-policy
Trade OnlyNo minimum orderFree delivery over Â£150Next day delivery
Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which your personal data will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how it will be treated by us.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (“the Act”) the data controller is W Gadsby & Son Ltd whose registered office is at Huntworth Business Park, Bridgwater, Somerset, TA6 6TS (“We”).
All enquiries concerning our use or storage of data should be sent to info@gadsby.co.uk.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide us. This information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site www.gadsby.co.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, place an order, sign up to an email newsletter. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. Note: We do not hold any Credit/Debit Card details. Information passed between our site and our payment provider Sage Pay’s secure systems is encrypted.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
We may ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes although you do not have to respond to them;
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of any contract between us;
Details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide.  In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Where we store your personal data
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have provided you (or where you have chosen) a password, user ID or PIN which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password, user ID or PIN confidential. We ask you not to share a password, user ID or PIN with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. So, whilst we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure the security of your data transmitted to our site. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once We have received your information we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
How we make use of the information
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract, we have entered into with you.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our web site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which We feel may interest you;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service where you choose to do so;
To notify you about changes to our service;
To analyse information about our users in order to identify their potential preferences.
In some cases we may use your personal information to pursue legitimate interests of our own, provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
The situations in which we will process your personal information are listed below:
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries as defined under the UK Companies Act 2006.
We will not disclose your data to any third party outside our group for the purpose of direct marketing but we may from time to time provide you with information about goods and services which we feel may be of interest to you including those provided by third parties.
We will keep your details on file for a period of 6 years from the date of your last contact with us in order to simplify any future registration.
Sharing your information with Third Parties
We may have to share your data with third parties, including third-party service providers
Selected third parties including:
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
Couriers including: DPD Group, Tuffnells , Pallex and TPN Group: They process name, address, email address and telephone number details only to enable them to deliver customer parcels.
Feefo: To process any review you give on Gadsby's service and products.
Google: To improve and optimisation of our website.
SagePay: to process payment of any retail order you make with us.
All our third-party service providers and other entities in the group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Your rights
You have the right to request us not to use your details for the purpose of providing you with information about the goods and services provided by our group (other than information which you have specifically requested). You can also notify us by contacting us at Huntworth Business Park, Bridgwater, Somerset, TA6 6TS or by email at info@gadsby.co.uk.
Our site may contain links to and from our partners’ and affiliates’ websites. If you follow a link to their sites, please note that these sites have their own privacy policy and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these sites.
The Act gives you various rights including the right to access information held about you. Your right to access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, please contact us at info@gadsby.co.uk.
Our website uses cookies to help us provide you with the best experience we can. To learn more about how we use these cookies, please see our Cookie Policy. You can manage your preferences via your browser at anytime.
Cookie Settings
Analytical
ActiveInactive
Non-essential
ActiveInactive
Accept and close
i