http://www.revo.com/privacy-policy
revo
revo insider
globe
returns
gear
bidirectional-arrow
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
cart
search
circle close
alert
arrow-left
arrow-right
arrow-down
close
discount
frameshape-aviator
frameshape-cat-eye
frameshape-rectangle
frameshape-rimless
frameshape-round
frameshape-sports
hamburger-menu
minus
test-drive
upgrade
vip
activity-everyday
activity-golf
activity-road
activity-snow
activity-trail
activity-water
blue-light
digital
glare
uv
play
account
search-menu
revo-1985
revo-vintage
Sorry, our site does not support Internet Explorer. Please upgrade to Microsoft Edge or try a different browser.
ORDER BY MIDNIGHT 12/17 FOR FREE FEDEX 2-DAY SHIPPING Search...ShopShopOUR PRODUCTS New Arrivals
Best Sellers
Performance
Lifestyle
Men's
Women's
Goggles
Sale SHOP BY COLLECTION Goggles | Revo x Bode Miller
Revo x Jeep®
The Descend Collection
1985 Glass Lens Collection
From the Archives
The Eco-Friendly Collection
Revo x Bear Grylls
Revo Kids
Revo x johnnie-O SHOP BY SHAPE Aviator & Navigator
Rimless & Semi-rimless
Sport Wrap
Rectangle & Square
Round
Cat Eye SHOP BY LENS COLOR Blue Water Lens
Evergreen Lens
Graphite Lens
Terra Lens
Champagne Lens
Drive Lens TechnologyAbout UsAbout UsAbout Us Our History
Revo Insider
Our Ambassadors
Corporate Events & Gifting
From the Archives
Revo Philanthropy THE REVO GUARANTEE Shipping & Returns
Warranty & Repairs
Lens Replacement
Revo Upgrade Program™ Privacy PolicyThis Policy was last updated on April 2, 2019.INTRODUCTIONPLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE. YOUR USE OF ANY PART OF THE SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREEMENT TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR USER INFORMATION AND OTHER INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY.The Revo website is owned and operated by Revo Holdings, LLC which is solely responsible for its management, your privacy, and the website content. The Revo website and Revo Holdings, LLC (collectively, the “Site,” “Revo” or “Revo.com”) respect the privacy of every individual who visits our website or responds to our interactive communications.This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the information we collect when you visit the Revo.com website or respond to our interactive communications, and how we use that information. This Policy will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit the Revo Site or respond to our interactive communications.Therefore, we have agreed to:Provide customers with the notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers;Honor customers’ requests not to share their information with other marketers; andHonor customers’ requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from the Company.COLLECTION OF INFORMATIONVoluntary InformationYou may visit and interact with the Revo Site without providing any personal information. Currently, Revo does not automatically collect what it considers personally identifiable information about you (your name, age, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide that information to us voluntarily. For example, if you use the “chat” section of the Site, we may ask for your first name, last name, and email address. You may also provide us with additional information that may be relevant to your interaction with us. This is all the information we require to respond to your query. You may also choose to provide us with your postal address and information about where you shop. This information is not mandatory, however, and you will not be required to complete it in order to hear from a Revo representative. If you contact us through email communication, your email address and any relevant information contained in your email will also be collected.We offer repairs of our product. When you return your Revo product for repair, we may add this information to your warranty information, if you choose to send in the warranty for your product. We may use this information to improve our products or to send you offers.We also collect information from other sources, including from social media and other websites associated with Revo.com. For example, if you post a comment on the Revo Facebook page or send us a tweet or message on Twitter, we may collect that information as described in this Policy. Please note that we may combine or cross-reference this information with other information that we collect about you and use it as described in this Policy.If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the postal or email address listed in this Policy. When you do provide us with personally identifiable information, we may use that information to improve the content of the Site, to notify you about updates to our websites, special offers, promotions, and/or to contact you for marketing purposes. This information will not be shared for commercial purposes with other companies or organizations not affiliated with Revo. However, in order to improve your customer experience, this information is shared with any third-party service providers we use to maintain the sites or to process order information.We may release personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers, or others.Revo.com makes commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all state and federal laws, including CAN-SPAM. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, you may opt out by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the email you receive. You may also contact us at the postal and/or email address listed in this Policy and request that you not receive digital communications from Revo or its affiliated websites. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete your information from our active files, provided, however, that we may retain — for legal compliance purposes only — your request and associated email in a hashed format so that we do not inadvertently restore your information to our database.In the event Revo conducts an online promotion, contest, or sweepstakes, information we collect will be used consistent with the terms and conditions outlined in the promotion guidelines or rules, which may include a reference to this Policy. If the promotion involves the collection of your mobile phone number, you will be provided a check-box at the promotion site to opt-in to receiving text messages outside of the promotion, and you need only text “stop” in reply to any message you receive in order to opt out. Revo complies with the Telephone Communications Privacy Act, and will not contact you unless you have expressly opted in to receive messages from us.Automatically Collected InformationWe collect information that is not personally identifiable when you visit our Site. This includes the Internet browser you are using, general geolocation data saved on the device from which you access our Site (if you have enabled it), the computer operating system you are using, time spent visiting our websites, usage patterns within our websites, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our Site or advertisement. It may also include aggregate information about our users, such as the number of users visiting the site or a portion of the site, all of which may be shared with third parties.Automatically Stored InformationWe may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file and will help us improve your experience on the Revo Site in many ways. A “cookie” is a small bit of digital information that tells us where you go within our site, and may also include information about where you have been on the Internet. Cookies allow us to tailor the Site and interactive advertisements to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser’s instructions or “help” screen to learn more about these functions. Note, however, that if you choose to erase cookies, your experience may not be optimized on this Site.A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server. We and our service providers and business partners may collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites.We do not respond to web browser-based do-not-track (“DNT”) signals at this time.Information Shared with Web Analytics Services Providers.We use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to gather information about how users engage with our Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Making a PurchaseYou do not need to register with us if you are just browsing the site, but if you want to make a purchase, you must provide us with your first and last name, your email address, and you may be asked to tell us whether you want us to retain your financial payment information. The safety of your credit card information is important to us, and Revo makes commercially reasonable efforts to help protect the security of information you provide online in connection with a purchase.As do many companies, Revo uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to help keep your online order information safe. SSL technology encrypts your credit card number, order information and personal information before it is transmitted to help protect it from being decoded by anyone other than us. You have the option of telling us not to retain this information after the purchase is made. If you choose this option, you will have to re-enter your payment information each time you access the site. We may use information collected from your transaction to improve the site or make offers to you, but we will not use your financial information for purposes other than allowing you to make a purchase.Making a purchase from the Revo site means, once you enter the checkout page, your computer will begin communicating with our server using SSL encryption. You can determine the security of your connection because the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https". If you are accessing our site from a browser or internet connection that does not allow SSL encryption. While we cannot guarantee that our security measures are 100% secure, we use this SSL technology to protect your information.For California ResidentsThe California Online Privacy Protection Act requires that we outline our practice as it is related to federal do-not-track signals that may come from your browser. Because this signal does not often reflect the preference of our consumers, this website does not respond to it. Users may, however, request to unsubscribe, as discussed earlier in this Policy.California residents may also request a record of all personally identifiable information we have on file, as well as a list of all third parties in the event Revo has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To obtain this information, please contact us at:Revo330 Murray Hill ParkwayEast Rutherford, NJ 07073customerservice@revo.comPlease put “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email or on the envelope or post card and in the actual request. For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.CHILDREN’S ACCESSConsistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and its revisions in 2013, the Revo Site is a general audience website, intended for adult use. Revo does not market to, and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from, children under thirteen (13) years of age. Please contact our customer service department if you are aware of any personal information supplied to the Site by a child under the age of thirteen (13).LINKS TO AND ACCESS TO OTHER SITESFrom time to time, Revo may feature websites unaffiliated with it. Those sites may have their own privacy policies, or no privacy policies at all. You will be notified when you are being redirected to another site, and accessing these links takes you out of the Revo environment. Revo has no control over or responsibility for any unaffiliated third-party sites or the content contained in them, and we provide these links solely for the convenience of our visitors. Revo.com does not sponsor, endorse, or otherwise recommend such sites or any products or services they may offer.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. You may read a current, effective copy of this Privacy Policy at any time by visiting this page. Your continued use of the Services after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. You should periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy to stay informed of how we are processing personal data.REMOVAL OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONIf you have submitted personally identifiable information through Revo.com and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us:Revo330 Murray Hill ParkwayEast Rutherford, NJ 07073customerservice@revo.comUpon receiving your request, we will delete your personal information from our existing files, as outlined herein.