http://www.casepaper.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This website, located at the Internet domain www.CasePaper.com, including any affiliated domains, subdomains, and domain aliases (collectively, the “Website”), is provided by Case Paper Company, Inc. (the “Company”) for informational purposes only. As owner of this Website, the Company takes very seriously, and is committed to safeguarding, the online security and privacy of all visitors to its Website, within the limits of our ability. Please review this Website Privacy Policy statement to understand how we gather information from users of our Website and how that information may be used by the Company.
NON-PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION
Network Information
Whenever you access this Website via personal computer or mobile device such as an iPad or smart phone (the “Computer”), technical information of a non-personal nature is automatically exchanged between your Computer and the server where the Website is hosted. In the course of this exchange, the following information may be collected and logged by the server:
the date and time of access;
the domain name of your Internet service provider (ISP);
the Internet Protocol address (or IP address) of your Computer;
the type, version number, and certain configuration details of the browser you are using to access the Website;
the operating system of the Computer upon which your browser is installed;
the screen resolution and color depth of your Computer’s monitor;
the geographical location of your Computer;
the method by which you came to the Website (whether it be by typing the URL directly into the address bar of your browser, by clicking on an external referring link, or by performing a keyword search in a search engine); and/or
the pages of the Website visited by you and the amount of time spent on each.
This information is entirely anonymous in nature, and we cannot and do not obtain your email address or other identifying information automatically simply by your accessing the Website.
The Company uses the anonymous user information gathered in this manner for internal purposes only, primarily in order to track the number and origin of visitors to our Website, to monitor visitor usage of the Website, and to help us determine how the Website may be improved in order to better serve our visitors.
Browser Cookies
The use of browser cookies has become a standard practice on many corporate websites. A “cookie” (also known as an HTTP cookie or web cookie) is a small text file that may be generated by a website and stored on the hard drive by a visitor’s browser. Such cookies facilitate the exchange of reusable information between a website and a user’s browser. This information can be used for authentication, identification of a user session, user’s preferences, shopping cart contents, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data on the user’s computer.
Cookies cannot be programmed, cannot carry viruses, and cannot install malware on the host computer. Moreover, when enabled in your browser, cookies do not normally identify you personally; and you will therefore remain anonymous, unless you choose to provide the Company with personally identifiable information.
Case Paper Company, Inc. may utilize cookies on certain pages of the Website in order to personalize your visit. Nevertheless, some people prefer not to accept cookies when visiting websites. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to control or disable this feature in your preference settings. Be aware, however, that if you choose not to accept cookies, certain functions of our Website may not function correctly.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION
In various interactive areas of the Website (the “Interactive Areas”), such as the Contact Us page, sample request pages, credit applications, corporate email links, or clickable social media subscription badges, the Company may acquire, or request that you voluntarily provide certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, the company you work for, your work title, business telephone number, postal and/or email address, survey responses, and other information from which your identity is determinable. This information is collected and stored by the Company strictly for internal use only, so that we may satisfactorily respond to a request for promotional material or answer any queries you may have. We will retain this information for as long as is necessary to adequately serve you in the manner described in this Privacy Statement.
If you choose to provide the Company with personally identifiable contact information as described above, we may use it to send you printed or electronic publications in areas of potential interest to you, notify you about new products or services, alert you to special promotional opportunities, or otherwise contact you by telephone, mail, or email for marketing and similar purposes, in our sole discretion. We may also use this information to improve communications with you, to expand or revise the Content on the Website, and/or to improve the user’s experience thereof.
Be assured that the Company will never willfully disclose, give, sell, trade, rent, or otherwise transmit to any third party (other than our subsidiaries, affiliates, data processors, and agents) any such personally identifiable information about our Website visitors, customers, clients, suppliers, or partners without first receiving explicit, written permission from them individually to do so. Personal information such as names, email addresses, and the like, and any other personal information that is collected by the Company through its Website, will never be shared with any other person, group, or organization. Any and all information collected through this Website will be treated with the utmost confidentiality. We respect and attempt to safeguard our visitors’ privacy at all times.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may at times be required by law, rule, regulation, or litigation to disclose to appropriate legal authorities the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. We may also disclose to such authorities any and all personal information about you when, in our judgment and sole discretion, we believe it necessary or appropriate to do so in order to prevent fraud, injury, or harm to persons to property; to protect our rights and the rights of others; and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution.
If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, stored, or used by the Company, please do not submit it to us through the Interactive Areas of this Website. Please bear in mind that if you decline to submit such personally identifiable information as may be requested of you, you may not be able to access certain pages and features on the Website; and of course, in that instance we would not be able to contact you to respond to requests and queries.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
This Website is intended for adult users only. In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we do not knowingly collect or retain the personal information of any child under the age of thirteen (13) without the prior written and verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian of that child. If it comes to the attention of the Company that personally identifiable information of a child under thirteen (13) years of age has been collected via the Website, we will take immediate and appropriate steps to delete that information.
DISCLAIMER
Links To Third-Party Websites
This Website may contain links to other external websites and third-party service providers not affiliated with the Company. Unless otherwise explicitly stated on this Website, the Company is not responsible for the security, content, terms and conditions, or privacy practices of such websites, including information collected when visitors to this Website click through the links to those third-party websites. We urge you to be cautious when visiting such third-party websites, and encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy practices thereof. Be aware that this Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by the Company via this Website and does not cover information collected elsewhere.
Security
The Company has made every effort to provide this Website in compliance with all reasonable security measures in order to protect against the loss, disclosure, alteration, and misuse of information under our control. The data you send us via this Website is safeguarded with industry-standard physical, electronic, and other procedures. As it is not possible, however, to guarantee with absolute certainty the security or integrity of information disclosed online, and no data transmission over the Internet is absolutely secure, we urge our visitors to take every precaution to protect their personal data when they are on the Internet. Insofar as no physical or electronic security measures that may be in place are absolutely impenetrable by other users, malicious or otherwise, you agree to assume all risk of loss, alteration, disclosure, and/or misuse of that information as may be collected by the Company via email or other Interactive Features of the Website.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
By visiting, browsing, or using this Website and its contents, you are acknowledging your consent and agreement to be bound by this Privacy Statement as well as the related Statement of Website Terms and Conditions.
If you do not agree with or accept this Privacy Statement or the Terms and Conditions as set forth on this and other pages of this Website, please do not use the Website or visit any of the pages contained therein. We reserve the right to update, change, or revise this Privacy Statement, at any time and in our sole discretion, in order to reflect changes in our business or to better serve our visitors. Therefore, please review this Privacy Statement from time to time in order to keep yourself informed of any changes. Your continued use of the Website will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to, or any replacement of, the current Privacy Statement.
OPT OUT
If you do not wish us to send you information or otherwise contact you by telephone, postal mail, and/or email, or if you would like us to change or remove any of the personal information that you have provided to us via this Website or other means, please make the appropriate request by communicating electronically with us via the email address listed below.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website, its Content, or this Privacy Statement, please email: jmcdonough@casepaper.com.
BREAKING NEWS
Case Paper Philadelphia Facility Welcomes New Operations Manager, Denis Kovacevic, Singing “We are F…December 3, 2020Case Paper is proud to welcome ...Read More
Case Paper Launches 1st Annual On the Case AwardsNovember 19, 2020Harrison, NY – Case Paper Company ...Read More
Where’s the Paper?September 22, 2020We’ve got all the paper and ...Read More
Case Makes, the Latest Case Creation, Launches New WebsiteAugust 25, 2020Case Makes, a laminating and ...Read More
LOCATIONS
NEW YORK CORPORATE HQ
500 Mamaroneck Avenue
Harrison, NY 10528
(914) 899-3500
PHILADELPHIA*
499 East Tioga Street
Philadelphia, PA 19134
(215) 634-6500
CHICAGO*
900 West 45th Street
Chicago, IL 60609
(773) 927-4151
HIGH POINT*
2018 Brevard Road
High Point, NC 27263
(336) 887-2651
MIAMI*
3333 N.W. 116th Street
Miami, FL 33167
(305) 681-2273
LOS ANGELES*
9168 Hermosa Ave.
Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
(909) 476-1500
*All of our locations that have converting and warehouse facilities are FSC, SFI, and PEFC certified
PRODUCTS
COMMERCIAL PRINT
PACKAGING
RESOURCES
PAPER PRO APP
PAPER & PRICE CALCULATORS
NEWS LIBRARY
HISTORY OF PAPER
SUSTAINABILITY
ABOUT US
WHY US
CONTACT US