http://www.fme.org/globalassets/privacy-policy10.13-2018.pdf
Skip to Content
Close the slide out panel
Home
Personal
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Youth Accounts
Credit Cards
Loans
Pay Your Loan
Auto Loans
Recreational Vehicle Loans
Mortgage
Home Equity Loans
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Business
Checking
Money Market
Loans
Credit Cards
Autobooks Invoicing & Accounting
Services
e-Banking
Mobile Banking
Investment Services
Insurance
Financial Tools
Rewards/Perks
GetBigReward$
LoveMyCreditUnionRewards
Member Referral
Local Discounts
Special Offers
About Us
Locations
News
Membership
History
Give Big
Foundation
Careers
FAQs
Contact Us
Resources
Rates
Financial Calculators
Community Conversations
Financial Education
Forms
Feedback
Security
Virtual Advisor
Find a location
Contact Us
Ask a question
e-Banking
Login ID
Login ID required
Password
Password required
Show Password
Initial value for forgot password
Forgot Password
Enroll in e-Banking
Enroll in Business e-Banking
Help and Resources
Looking forsomething?
Merger Resources
Welcome, FME members!
Congratulations! The legal merger with Community Choice Credit Union was official on August 1. All FME accounts will become Community Choice accounts on October 1.
Important information about your FME Credit Card:
Please continue using your FME credit card through January 22, 2020. Although you may receive a replacement Community Choice Visa Credit Card and the credit card will appear will appear e-Banking, it should not be activated until January 22, 2020. On January 22, 2020, you may activate the card and can also begin making payments to your new Community Choice Visa Credit Card. If you have any questions, please contact us at 877.243.2528.
Important information about your FME ATM/Debit Card:
Please do not destroy your current FME ATM/Debit Card until after October 3. Your new Community Choice ATM/Debit card cannot be used until October 1. Please contact us at 877.243.2528.
Important information about your final FME statement:
Your September FME statement will be available within the e-Statements section of e-Banking beginning around noon on October 1.
Get started online! Learn how to enroll in e-Banking, click here.
Transition Guide
The following guide contains important details related to your account transition. The goal of sharing this information is to simplify the transition and reduce the uncertainty that can come with such a significant change. Learn more by browsing through this digital copy. You will receive the same Transition Guide in the mail.
Download Transition Guide
Important Merger Updates
Please refer below for easy access to important information and merger updates. Please note: Updates that are time sensitive are based off Eastern Standard Time.If you have questions, we're here to help. Call us: 877.243.2528 | Send us an email: MemberSupport@CommunityChoiceCU.com
Quick Info:
Routing number: 272079021
Credit card paymentsLocations/ATMsGetBigReward$e-Banking
Important Dates
September 29, 2019• Final day to access FME Home Banking
September 30, 2019• Dividends will be paid on all interest-bearing FME accounts
October 1, 2019, 10:00 a.m. EST• FME account becomes Community Choice• Begin using your new account number   (please see the membership card included in your Transition Guide mailing)• Activate and begin using Community Choice ATM and Debit Cards• Enroll in e-Banking and download e-Banking mobile app• Begin updating your direct deposits and electronic payments with your new routing    and account number• Michigan offices will open for business at 9:00 a.m. and 24-hour support is available    at 877.243.2528
October 2, 2019• Final day to use FME ATM and Debit Cards
November 1, 2019• Eligible members will receive their first GetBigReward$ deposit
December 31, 2019• Maintenance fees, shared branching and ATM surcharges are waived through this date
January 31, 2020• Final day to update your direct deposits and electronic payments with your new   routing and account number
If you have an FME loan, please see the Loans section below for important dates and information.
Savings and Checking
What happens to my FME account?
Your FME account will become your Community Choice account on October 1, 2019, at 10:00 a.m. EST. At this time, you will have access to our member centers, surcharge-free CO-OP ATM network, online and mobile banking, and full suite of financial services.
Will my account number change?
Your account number will change. We will honor your FME membership anniversary date and retain your account history. You can find your new Member Number (account number) on the enclosed membership card.
How should I handle direct deposits, electronic withdrawals and/or automatic payments?
Electronic deposits and withdrawals will be redirected to your new Community Choice account number beginning October 1, 2019. To ensure the smoothest ongoing member experience, you must update any active payments, deposits and withdrawals with your new routing number and account number by January 31, 2020. If this information is notupdated, your transactions may be delayed.
Please use the following format:
° Community Choice routing number: 272079021° Checking account: 103_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (Total of 13 digits—add “103” to the beginning of your Community Choice account number. If your account number is not 10 digits, place leading zeros after the 103).° Prime Share (Savings) account: 100_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (Total of 13 digits—add “100” to the beginning of your Community Choice account number. If your account number is not 10 digits, place leading zeros after the 100).
For example, if your account number is 1234567, it should read 1030001234567 for checking, or 1000001234567 for savings.
What happens to my checking account?
Community Choice offers two checking accounts. Choice Checking, our premium checking account, provides numerous benefits designed to help you save money and keep you and your family secure. Basic Checking, our standard checking account, is a no-frills free checking account.
If you did not respond to the letter or email about the option to enroll in Choice Checking, your FME checking account will automatically become a Basic Checking account, providing standard account features with no monthly fee.
We invite you to use the Choose your checking account section below to upgrade to Choice Checking, and get more from your membership. Beginning October 1, try the benefits for free through January 2020. After January, the $5.95 monthly fee may be reimbursed through our membership rewards program, GetBigReward$. For your convenience, you can change checking accounts at any time in the future without changing your account number, checks or debit card information.
What happens to my checks?
Do you have unused FME checks? Great news! Community Choice is pleased to continue to honor and clear any FME checks through January 31, 2020. For your convenience, a box of Community Choice checks will be available for only $10.47 through January 31, 2020. To order checks at this special rate, please call us at 877.243.2528. Michigan residents can also place an order at a local member center.
Related information can be found on pages 3-7 in the Transition Guide.
Loans
Term Loans
During the transition, all term loans and balances will be transferred to Community Choice. Original loan contracts will be honored, with no changes to your rate or term. This includes auto loans, recreational vehicle loans, and closed-end personal loans.
Lines of Credit
Lines of credit and balances will be transferred to Community Choice. Rates and terms are subject to change. If you have a line of credit loan, you will receive a Change in Terms notice explaining the new details of your loan agreement before the changes go into effect on November 1, 2019.
Loan Payments
Paying your loan has never been easier thanks to e-Banking! After logging in, go to Move Money in the main menu. Here, you will find the option to Make loan payment. Credit card holders and mortgage holders, please continue reading for more information on how to make payments.
Visa® Credit Card
Please continue to use your FME credit card as you do today.• Continue sending payments to the address listed on your FME Visa statement, or• Enroll in e-Banking and setup automatic payments.
Credit card payments
Please look for information regarding your new Community Choice Visa credit card and even more convenient payment options in the near future.
Visa® Platinum ScoreCard Rewards
ScoreCard Rewards members will continue to earn points until new Community Choice Visa cards are issued. We want to make sure you utilize your points, so don’t delay! Points cannot be rolled over. Please make sure you redeem your points soon by calling 800.854.0790 or by visiting ScoreCardRewards.com.
Mortgages
Beginning October 1, 2019, Community Choice's mortgage partner, Member First Mortgage, will began servicing all mortgages. If you have a mortgage, you will receive a change of service notice via mail. As of October 1, 2019, please make all future mortgage payments using one of the following methods:
Automatic payments: Setup automatic payments with the form provided from Member First Mortgage.
Mail payments:Member First Mortgage LLCDepartment# 771502Detroit, MI 48277-1502
In person payments: Michigan residents can make payments at any Community Choice member center.
Related information can be found on pages 8-9 in the Transition Guide.
Online Banking
Online Banking
Online Banking at FME.org will be available until the end of the day on September 29, 2019.Beginning at 10:00 a.m. on October 1, 2019, you can enroll in e-Banking using the following steps:
1. Visit CommunityChoice.com2. Click Login in the upper right corner3. Choose Enroll in e-Banking4. Complete the e-Banking enrollment steps (this guide will walk you through each step).
You will need your enclosed membership card to enroll, and you will also be asked to verify the primary account holder’s information, including last name, Social Security Number and ZIP code. You can choose your own e-Banking username; it must start with a letter and be 6 -12 characters long.
For your convenience, you can also enroll using our e-Banking mobile app. If you needassistance enrolling in e-Banking, please call us at 877.243.2528, or visit your nearest membercenter. Please note, your FME account history will only be available in the “e-Statements” menu in e-Banking.
Bill Pay
If you currently use FME’s Bill Pay service, you will be automatically enrolled in CommunityChoice’s e-Banking and e-Pay. You will receive special instructions via email prior to October1, 2019. You may receive an automated email from our system indicating your new Bill Payaccount has been established. This account will not be active until October 1, 2019.
Telebanking
At 10:00 a.m. EST on October 1, 2019, you will have access to Community Choice’sTelebanking service by calling 800.903.0053. You will be prompted for your Community Choice account number, and your temporary PIN, which is the last 4 digits of the primary account holder’s Social Security Number. Telebanking allows you to easily check balances and transfer funds from anywhere, anytime.
Related information can be found on pages 10-12 in the Transition Guide.
Merger Documents
Important merger documents will be added as they become available.
Archived Merger Documents
Town Hall Notice and Invitation
Notice of Special Meeting
Special Meeting Cover Letter and Invite
Special Meeting Ballot
Special Meeting FAQs
Your Vote Maters (email and letter)
These documents were originally housed on MergerMemberResources.com. Click the link to visit!
Let's Connect
Chat Now
Find a Location
Contact Us
Make an Appointment
Call 877.243.2528
Let's Connect
Close the connect options
External Link Disclaimer
You will be linking to another website not owned or operated by Community Choice Credit Union. Community Choice Credit Union is not responsible for the availability or content of this website and does not represent either the linked website or you, should you enter into a transaction. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification or monitoring by Community Choice Credit Union of any information in any hyperlinked site. We encourage you to review their privacy and security policies which may differ from Community Choice Credit Union.
If you "Continue", the link will open in a new window.
Email Disclaimer
Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, Community Choice suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or Social Security Numbers, not be transmitted via email.
If this information must be stated, please contact Community Choice Credit Union us at 877.243.2528 or visit your nearest member center.
Continue
Close the disclaimer modal window
Documents in Portable Document Format (.PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view. Download it now.