https://www.mapei.com/us/en-us/online-privacy-statement
Where to buy
News & Events
Careers
Contact Us
eng
Select language
English (United States)
español (Estados Unidos)
MyMAPEI
Logout
MyMAPEI
Log in
Online Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to MAPEI Corporation (“MAPEI”, "our", "we", or "us") a wholly owned subsidiary of MAPEI S.p.A.
This online privacy practices statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to the different MAPEI sites and applications that link or refer to this privacy statement (such as our Web sites, computer or mobile software applications, social media pages, QR Codes and HTML-formatted e-mail messages (individually and collectively, the "Site") and is designed to explain what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, with whom the information is shared or transferred, how you can make changes to certain information and the level of security we have in place to protect personal information that is under our control.This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of companies that MAPEI does not own or control, or to people that MAPEI does not employ or manage.We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement before using our Site.
By accessing and/or using our Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement as they may be amended from time to time, so please do not use this Site if you disagree with any part of this Privacy Statement.
As we update and/or expand our services and products, this Privacy Statement may change, so check back to this page from time to time.
This Privacy Statement is incorporated into, and part of, the Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”), which governs your access to and use of the Site, including any Content (as such term is defined in our Terms of Use) offered by or on behalf of MAPEI via our Site.
This Privacy Statement shall be interpreted under the laws of the United States, regardless of the location, residence or nationality of individual users.The Site may provide links to or the ability to connect with non-MAPEI websites, services, social networks and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow the third party to collect or share information about you. Those third-party websites, services, social networks and applications are beyond our control. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies and terms of use of any non-MAPEI websites, services, social networks and applications before providing your personal information to them.
The MAPEI Parties (as such term is defined in our Terms of Use) are not responsible or liable to you or any third party in any way for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites, services, social networks or applications.If you are unsure whether this Privacy Statement is in conflict with the applicable local laws where you are located, you should not submit your or any other person’s personally identifiable information to us.
Anyone who accesses, uses or interacts with us, our third party providers or this Site who submits personally identifiable information or provides any other information, including, but not limited to sensitive information does affirmatively consent to: (i) the international transmission, transfer, processing and/or storage of all such information, including personally identifiable information, to a country which may be deemed to have inadequate data protection and (ii) the collection, using and sharing of such information, including personally identifiable information, as provided in and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.PRIVACY STATEMENTTable of Contents of Privacy Statement ScopeInformation CollectionHow We Use InformationInformation We ShareYour Rights and ChoicesWidgets, Buttons, and ToolsWeb Analytics ServicesInterest Based AdvertisingOnline Tracking and How We Respond to Do Not Track SignalsNewslettersMobile MarketingServices and Products on Other WebsitesInformation SecurityChildrenData IntegrityPublic ForumsNotice to California ResidentsHow to Contact UsChanges in Privacy Statement/AcknowledgmentPrivacy Statement Effective DateScopeThis Privacy Statement explains how we handle personally identifiable information you share with MAPEI and other information we obtain from you through your access to and use of our Site. Information CollectionYou may use this Site to learn about our products and services without disclosing any personal information.
We may allow you to register with us by using Facebook Connect or other social networking sites authentication options to create an account. We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide us with contact information, such as your first and last name, home, business and email addresses, telephone, mobile and facsimile numbers, type of business, and certain other information about you and your business.On the Site, you may be able to: (i) participate in surveys, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you choose to participate in these promotions, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number; (ii) sign up to receive electronic newsletters and promotional emails from us and our Affiliates (as such term is defined below), including new ideas, special offers and event information. To sign up, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, age, gender, shopping preferences and email preferences; (iii) sign up to receive communications about our products and services through your mobile device by submitting your mobile telephone number or email address online or by texting us; (iv) submit employment information, such as a resume or curriculum vitae; (v) submit comments and your name to blogs we may host on the Site; and (vi) create a wish list of products you want and share your list by email with friends and family. If you choose to share your list, we ask for your name and email address and the recipient's email address; this information is used only to email your list to your desired recipients.If you communicate with us through the "Contact Us" link on the Site, we may ask you for information such as your name and your and/or your company’s name, email address, zip code and telephone number.We and our third party providers may also collect information by automated means, such as cookies, Web beacons and Web server logs through your interaction with and use of the Site and non-MAPEI Web sites (“Automated Interactions”), which usually does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
Such information may include, but is not limited to, network routing information (where you came from), equipment information (browser type), your IP address (which may identify your general geographic location or company), and date and time, clickstream information (when each MAPEI Web page was visited and how much time was spent on the page), or general geo-location data.Although our and our third party providers’ use of Automated Interactions may change over time as technology evolves, the descriptions set forth in our Cookie Notice are designed to provide you with additional detail about our current approach to information collected from Automated Interactions.By accessing and using our Site, you consent to the storage of cookies, other local storage technologies, beacons and other information on your devices. You also consent to the access of such cookies, local storage technologies, beacons and information by us and by the third parties mentioned above and within the Cookie Notice and this Privacy Statement.Other Ways We Collect InformationQR Codes: We may use QR codes in connection with certain promotions, contests and special events. If you scan our QR code, you may get an invitation on your mobile device to join our mailing list. To sign up, we ask you for information such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone numbers, and age. We use the information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions and as described in this Privacy Statement.Publicly Available and Other Sources: We also may obtain information you have made publicly or lawfully available, such as, via social media posts, or information provided by third party sources, such as marketing opt-in lists, data aggregators and our third party providers. In addition, we may supplement information you give us via this Site with information from other sources, such as information validating your email address or other available information about you or your business.If we combine non-personally identifiable information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information.Back to Table of ContentsHow We Use InformationMAPEI uses the information we collect from you for the following purposes:Provide products and services to you;send you promotional materials and other communications;communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, contests, sweepstakes, programs, offers, surveys and market research;provide advertisements to you about our products and services in accordance with this Privacy Statement;tailor your use of the Site, marketing experience, and communications according to your preferences and our terms;interact with you on third party social networks (MAPEI’s interactions with you on a third party social network would be subject to that network's privacy policies and terms of use)respond to your inquiries;to post testimonials;create and manage your account;
operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our Site (for example, to facilitate navigation and the login process, avoid duplicate data entry, enhance security and keep track of shopping cart additions and information between sessions); managing our communications; analyzing our products and customer base; cross reference customer databases to identify common customers; performing data analytics; (including online advertising and e-mail marketing), and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);verify your identity;contact or notify you if necessary;protect the security or integrity of our Site and our business;protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities;in connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on our Site or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae, and we may use such information throughout the MAPEI Parties for the purpose of employment consideration or to reply to your inquiry; andcomply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, our Terms of Use, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.We also may use the information in other ways for which we may provide specific notice at the time of collection.In addition, we may use non-personally identifiable information we collect for any lawful purpose. If we are required to treat non-personally identifiable information as personal information under applicable law, then we will only use it in the same way that we are permitted to use and disclose personal information.Back to Table of ContentsInformation We ShareWe do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about you, except as described in the Privacy Statement.
We may share the personal information you provide to us with our affiliates and our and their respective parents and their respective subsidiaries worldwide (“Affiliates”), for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
In addition, if you direct us to intentionally disclose your personal Information to a third party, we may share information about you with such third party(ies) for those parties’ own purposes, such as to offer products or services that may interest you. For clarity, an “intentional” interaction occurs when you intend to interact with the third party via one or more deliberate actions. We also may share the information with our service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These service providers are not authorized by us to use, retain or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
Examples of these service providers include entities that verify information, fulfill orders, and provide web hosting, analytics, advertising and marketing services.
These service providers may combine data we provide to them or allow them to collect from or about you with data they collect in connection with other websites, applications or services to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and determine how you use our Site and services.We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities, (iii) to enforce our Terms of Use or the terms of any of our statements or policies or (iv) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation). Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our then-current Privacy Statement. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.We may also share, sell and transfer aggregated, anonymized information for any purpose, except where applicable law requires otherwise. Your Rights and ChoicesWe offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect about you, such as how we use the information and how we communicate with you. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, exercise your rights or submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Statement. You can also unsubscribe from our mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails. To the extent provided by law, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, delete or block the information by contacting us as indicated the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Statement. Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your verified preferences within a commercially reasonable thereafter going forward. Widgets, Buttons, and ToolsOur Site may include widgets, buttons or tools which are interactive mini-programs that run on our Site to provide specific services from another company (e.g., links to bookmarked sites or allowing you to share a profile with your FaceBook or Twitter account or the content of the Site to be commented upon and shared within a social media platform), along with buttons or other tools that link to other companies' services (e.g., a "Like" button or third party map). The widget, button or tool may collect and automatically send personal information, such as your e-mail address, or other information (such as your browser information, or IP address), to a third party. Cookies may also be set or used by the widgets, buttons or tools to enable them to function properly or for other purposes, which may include advertising. Information collected or used by a widget, button or tool, including cookie settings and preferences, is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
We and all other members of the MAPEI Parties have no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by such parties.Back to Table of ContentsInformation obtained by Google AnalyticsThis Site uses the Google Analytics web analysis service and enters into an agreement with Google as the data processor. Google Analytics stores a persistent cookie on your hard drive. The information in this cookie (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and stored on Google servers. Google uses this information to anonymously analyze your use of the Site, compile reports on your Site activity for Site operators, and provide other services related to your Site activity and Internet usage. Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where those third parties process the information on Google's behalf. To our knowledge, Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.By using this Site, you consent to Google's processing of data about you.
For a review of Google’s Privacy Policy please see https://policies.google.com/privacy. Please also see the section of our Cookie Notice which provides details and explains how to exercise certain of your choices. Interest Based AdvertisingWe may collect information about your online activities on our Site to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our ads are served. Please see the section of our Cookie Notice which provides details and explains how to exercise certain of your choices.  Online Tracking and How We Respond to Do Not Track SignalsWhen you use our Site, both we and certain third parties (such as our advertising networks, digital advertising partners and social media platforms) may collect personal information about your online activities, over time and across third-party websites. Please see the section of our Cookie Notice which provides details and explains how our Site responds to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.  NewslettersYou may be able to sign up to receive newsletters about our products and services by submitting your e-mail address on this Site. If you use this feature, you provide your affirmative consent and agree to allow us to send you newsletters about our products, services and promotions to such e-mail address. You may, at any time, opt out of receiving these newsletters by contacting us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below. Mobile MarketingYou may be able to sign up to receive communications about our products and services through your mobile device by submitting your mobile telephone number and/or mobile email address on this Site. If you use this feature, you provide your affirmative consent and agree to allow us to send you communications about our products, services and promotions to such email address and/or by text message and voice message. You may, at any time, opt out of receiving these communications by contacting us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below. Depending on the terms of your mobile phone contract, you may incur charges for receiving and sending email and text messages on your mobile device. MAPEI and all other members of the MAPEI Parties are not responsible for these charges.Back to Table of ContentsServices And Products On Other WebsitesWe may offer some of our products and services or authorized branding on or through other websites, apps and platforms. Information, including personally identifiably information, that you provide to those websites, apps and platforms may be sent to us in order to deliver our products and services or collected and used by us as described in this Privacy Statement. We process, use, share and secure such information under this Privacy Statement. The affiliated websites, apps and platforms through which our products and services and authorized branding are offered may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
We and all other members of the MAPEI Parties have no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by third parties on their websites, apps and platforms. Information Security While we endeavor to protect the security and integrity of personal information collected via this Site, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that any information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our or out third party providers’ systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. If you correspond with us by e-mail, text message, or using Web forms like a “contact us” feature on our Site, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure. A third party could view the information you send in transit by such means. We and all other members of the MAPEI Parties will have no liability for disclosure or damage of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.
If we believe that the security of your personal information in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we will endeavor to notify you as promptly as possible under the circumstances. If we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use the U.S. Postal Service to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at privacypractices@mapei.com. ChildrenThe Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of thirteen on our Site, we will delete the information from our records; provided that such access is not unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances.
We recommend that prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 ask their parents or other legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under the age of thirteen has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacypractices@mapei.com. In addition, we reserve the right to limit participation in particular programs or promotions to visitors eighteen (18) years of age, twenty one (21) years of age, or older. Data IntegrityMAPEI takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information the company collects is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used and that the information is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current.
We depend on our Site visitors, registered users and customers to timely update and correct their personal information whenever necessary.Back to Table of ContentsPublic ForumsWe may allow for the Services to permit you to: participate in interactive discussions; create a profile; post comments, opportunities or other content; communicate directly with another user; or otherwise engage in networking activities. Some of these services may be moderated and all may be accessed for technical or other reasons determined by MAPEI in its sole discretion. Please be advised that MAPEI does not control and assumes no liability for the content that users post to these forums or social networks. Therefore, you should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal Information to these forums or social networks and whether you wish to make your profile available to other users, and you should tailor any content you submit appropriately. You should also review any additional terms and conditions that may govern your use of these services, including but not limited to, those from non-MAPEI controlled services. To manage or remove your personal Information from our online communities, please contact us as indicated in the “How To Contact Us” section below.
We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Statement or applicable law. Notice to California ResidentsCalifornia Resident Rights Regarding Personal InformationThe state of California provides its residents with certain rights concerning their Personal Information.
Subject to certain limits under California law, this section describes how California residents may exercise their rights with respect to the Personal Information that we collect under this Privacy Statement.
Capitalized terms in this “Notice to California Residents” section of the Privacy Statement shall have the meanings set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.California residents have the right to request in writing, (i) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, address, e–mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that we have disclosed to third parties (including Independent Affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (ii) the names and addresses of all such third parties. In addition, California residents have the right to request that we disclose to them (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about them in the preceding twelve month period, (ii) the categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected, (iii) the business or commercial purpose for the information collection, (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared Personal Information, and (v) the specific pieces of Personal Information we hold about an individual.California residents have the right to have their Personal Information deleted, unless the Personal Information is necessary for us or our service providers to: complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer; detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity (or prosecute those responsible); debug to identify and repair functionality errors; exercise or ensure the right of another to exercise free speech or another legal right; comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act, which compels the production of or access to electronic communication information or electronic device information with a search warrant; to enable solely internal uses aligned with the consumer's expectations given their relationship with the business; comply with a legal obligation; otherwise use the information internally in a lawful manner compatible with the context in which the consumer provided it.Categories of Personal Information Subject to California Privacy RightsIn accordance with California law, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Information within the preceding 12 months: Identifiers (for example, name, email address, and IP address), Commercial information, Internet information, Geolocation data, and Inferences drawn from any information identified above to create a profile, for the operation of our Site and services, auditing, security, internal research and development, and quality and safety business purposes, collected directly from individuals, Affiliates, and from service providers on our behalf .
We may share each of these categories of Personal Information with our Affiliates and third party service providers to the extent necessary for our business and operational purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement.If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights listed above, please send (or have your authorized agent send) an email to privacypractices@mapei.com. We will handle requests under applicable law in California.
When a request is made, we may verify your identity to protect your privacy and security.
While we take measures to ensure that those responsible for receiving and responding to your request are informed of your rights and how to help you exercise those rights, when contacting us to exercise your rights, we ask you to please adhere to the following guidelines:Tell Us Which Right You Are Exercising: Specify which right you want to exercise and the Personal Information to which your request relates (if not to you). If you are acting on behalf of another consumer, please clearly indicate this fact and your authority to act on such consumer’s behalf;Help Us Verify Your Identity: Provide us with information to verify your identify. For example, provide us (at a minimum) your phone number or email address.
If your phone number or email address appears in our records, we may contact you to help confirm that you are making the request.
Please note that if we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any Personal Information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.Direct Our Response Delivery: Please provide us with an e-mail or mailing address through which we can provide our response.
If you make the request by email, unless otherwise requested, we will assume that we can respond to the email address from which you made the request.Back to Table of ContentsHow to Contact UsIf you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences or if have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, please contact us by email at privacypractices@mapei.com. You also may write to:Legal Affairsc/o MAPEI Corporation1144 E. Newport Center DriveDeerfield Beach, Florida 33442 Changes in Privacy Statement/AcknowledgmentWe retain the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in the MAPEI Parties personal information practices or relevant laws. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice which may include email notification of Privacy Statement changes.
The practices and policies contained in this Privacy Statement replace all previous notices or statements with respect to the same subject.
Your access, use or interaction with us, our third party providers or our Site following the posting of such changes or the updated Privacy Statement will constitute your affirmative consent to and acceptance of any such changes. We encourage you to review our Privacy Statement frequently to make sure that you understand how we collect, track, compile, use, transfer, secure and share information.The information provided in this Privacy Statement cannot be interpreted as business, legal or other advice, or as warranting fail-proof security for information provided through this Site. Information provided on this Site is intended to allow the public access to information related to MAPEI.
While all attempts are made to provide accurate, current and reliable information, there is possibility of human and/or mechanical error.
This Privacy Statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights for or on behalf of any party. Privacy Statement Effective Date: January 2020Copyright© 2020 by MAPEI S.p.A. and all rights are reserved.
MAPEI App
Code of Ethics
Change Country
|
Terms of Use
|
Online Privacy Statement
|
Legal Notice & Disclaimer
|
Cookie Notice
|
Supply Chains Disclosure
|
Copyright © 2020 MAPEI Corporation. All rights reserved.
1144 E. Newport Center Drive, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442
Technical Services at 1-800-992-6273
•  Customer Service at 1-800-426-2734 (1-800-42-MAPEI)
This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. To find out more, including how to manage the cookies, read our Cookie Policy. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to our use of cookies.