https://www.esafety.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
RSS
GET IN TOUCH
Privacy Policy
Our goal is to maintain your trust and confidence when handling your personal or company information relating to your training data.
The security of personal or company information is our top priority.  We protect this information by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that meet applicable law.  We train our employees in the proper handling of personal and company information.  When we use other companies to provide services for us, we require them to protect the confidentiality of personal information they receive.  We do not sell, rent or share your personally identifiable information to or with third parties for marketing purposes or in any way other than that disclosed in this privacy statement.
Changes in Privacy Policy
All personal information (“personal information” is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. Safety Matters Inc. reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice of material changes on the home page of the Site. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted. However, if Safety Matters Inc. is acquired by or merged with another entity, Safety Matters Inc. may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of the business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent, but Safety Matters Inc. will provide notice of such asset sales, acquisitions, or mergers on this Site.
Service Providers / Agents
Safety Matters Inc. uses an outside credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. To the best of our knowledge, this company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Collection of personal or company information
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal or company information. When ordering products or services or training on the Site, you will be asked to provide your name, address, email address, credit card number, phone and fax numbers, job description and company type. If you choose to submit photographs to Safety Matters, Inc., these photos may be property of Safety Matters, Inc. and allowed to be used on the entire site in business related practices unless specified. If a credit card is used, the card number will not be stored. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary.
As is true of most websites, when you use the Site, Safety Matters Inc. or third parties will be privileged to information for the continual support and facilitation of the site.  Third parties authorized by Safety Matters Inc. may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services. Safety Matters Inc. also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site. Without expressly informing you in each particular circumstance, we do not match such information with any of your personal information.
How your personal information is used
Safety Matters Inc. collects your information in order to record and support your subscription to the site. If you subscribe to a service the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. Safety Matters Inc. also uses your personal information to track customer preferences and agreements. Safety Matters Inc. may collect information about the use of the Site; such as the types of services used and how many users are receive daily. This information is collected and accessible for you to use as well to make sure your company is using the site effectively.
Your choices with respect to personal information
Safety Matters Inc. recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site. Safety Matters Inc. may communicate information to you regarding services, updates, and subscription information available from Safety Matters Inc. or selected third parties unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on the Site. We do not sell, rent or share your personally identifiable information to or with 3rd parties for marketing purposes or in any way other than that disclosed in this privacy statement. In addition, we may send you strictly service-related announcements on occasion when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. We will also email when new courses are released or updates to the site are made.
There are limited instances in which Safety Matters Inc. may divulge your personal or company information, including requirements of law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
Protection of your personal information
The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a Safety Matters Inc. subscriber, or user of any of the services on our Site is, for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. You should not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on a secure server that only selected Safety Matters Inc. personnel and contractors have access to via password.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web Site, you can send an email or call us at anytime.
Personal or company information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on a secure server and is accessible only to selected Safety Matters Inc. personnel and contractors via password. Since this information is not accessible by you, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.
Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board, such as the welcome page on your company’s site, is available to all persons accessing that location.
Use of cookies
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use “cookies” to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables Safety Matters Inc. to record your passwords, submissions, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)
Safety Matters Inc. uses this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to identify the country of origin of the user. This information is used to facilitate the use of the service and our multi-lingual options.
Privacy complaints
Safety Matters Inc. takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Safety Matters Inc. has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, you may contact Privacy Officer at Safety Matters, Inc. In your letter please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Safety Matters Inc. Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Privacy Officer
Safety Matters, Inc.
233 Washington Avenue, Suite 201
Grand Haven, MI   49417
(616) 850-0424
Introducing Our New Contractor Management Software
Learn More
You have Successfully Subscribed!