https://www.meyergroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy applies to all UK Meyer websites, including meyergroup.co.uk. Prestige.co.uk, Circulon.uk.com, GourmetCookwareUK.com, anolon.co.uk, and Cakeboss.co.uk, collectively known as “Meyer Sites” or “Sites” in this policy. All websites are run by Meyer Group Limited (“Meyer”), company number 01443669. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, Meyer is the data controller of any personal information.
Our trading address is: Wirral International Business Park, Riverview Road, Bromborough, Wirral CH62 3RH.
We are committed to protecting your privacy as outlined in this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) and have developed this Policy so that you understand how your personal data may be processed.
This Policy explains how Meyer collects, uses and discloses personal information about you when you visit the Site and when you contact Meyer, whether by email, post or telephone using the contact options on the Site.
The information you provide to us through the Site will initially be collected by Meyer but may then be shared with other companies established by Meyer (“Meyer Group”). All references to “Meyer”, “we” and “our” in this Policy therefore include the Meyer Group, unless distinguished in this Policy. Depending upon your relationship with Meyer, we may separately provide you with further details about our use of your personal information. Where additional data processing information is provided to you in specific cases, that information will take precedence over the notice provided here.
No information collected on this Site will be sold, leased or rented to parties outside of Meyer. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties not involved in any transaction process, or use it for other purposes, such as unsolicited direct marketing. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us:
Customer Services
Meyer Group Ltd
Riverview Rd
Bromborough
Wirral
UK
CH62 3RH
Tel: 0151 482 8282
Email: consumercare@meyeruk.com
What type of information does Meyer collect and why?
When you visit our Site, we may automatically collect standard internet and website log information and details of patterns about how website visitors behave. The information we may collect, includes, but is not limited to:
information about your Internet service provider;
your operating system;
browser type;
domain name;
the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer (or other electronic Internet-enabled device);
your access times;
the website that referred you to us; and
the Web pages you request and the date and time of those requests.
This information can help us to find out which parts of the Site are popular or need changing to enhance your website experience.
Our collection of website use information may also involve the use of cookies. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
The Site allows you to interact with the Meyer in many ways, including but not limited to contacting us by phone, email, and/or leaving your comments on news stories or press releases we publish on the Site.
If you want to use any of the services described above or if you request further information about Meyer, you will need to provide us with some additional personal information so that we can liaise with you in order to deal with your request or query. If you do choose to provide us with your personal information, we will collect that personal information for our own use and for the purposes described in this Policy.
Setting up a trade account with Meyer
In order to process your orders we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity. We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. CRAs will share your information with other organisations. The identities of the CRAs, and the ways in which they use and share personal information, are explained in more detail on the Experian website here.
What type of personal information does Meyer collect?
Where you choose to provide personal information to us, we may collect the following personal information from you:
details of your visits to the Site, which may include traffic data and location data;
the reason for your contact, which may be an enquiry or a request;
information that you provide when you contact us (including by phone and/or email), which may include your name, email address, website address and any additional information you choose to provide within the content of your comment, request or enquiry to us;
information necessary for legal or regulatory compliance; and/or
if you publicly post about us, or communicate directly with us, on a social media website, we may collect and process the data contained in such posts or in your public profile for the purpose of addressing any customer service requests you may have.
This information will be collected primarily from you as information voluntarily provided to us, but we may also collect it where lawful to do so from (and combine it with information from) public sources, third party service providers or individuals who you have indicated have agreed for you to provide their personal information, government, tax or law enforcement agencies and other third parties.
How does Meyer use your personal information?
We may use your personal information for the purposes of:
providing our product(s) to you;
marketing our product(s) to you;
undertaking customer service surveys to ensure we continually improve our service(s) to you;
helping us review, develop and improve the product(s) (and service(s)) we offer, for example through research, analysis and planning;
notifying you about changes to our product(s) (and service(s)) and to otherwise communicate with you for example to respond to queries from you;
processing and retaining personal data relating to your credit/debit card and order details to enable the fulfilment of your order and to deal with any queries or refunds of payment;
using cookies and traffic data as set out in our cookies policy (see above);
maintaining records for tax and in respect of managing and defending any claims; and
as otherwise legally permitted and/or legally required from time to time.
Does Meyer share personal information with third parties?
Your personal information may also be shared with the Meyer Group. It may also be made available to third parties (within or outside the Meyer Group) providing relevant services under contract to Meyer, such as marketing agencies, econometrics agencies, customer service companies, card payment processors, advisers, auditors and compliance managers, providers of call centres and IT hosting and IT maintenance providers. It includes use of Payment Gateways, Direct Marketing Software, On-site Personalisation Software, Social Media Platforms, Customer Relationship Management Systems and Content Management Systems. These companies may use information about you to perform their services on our behalf.
We may disclose specific information upon lawful request by government authorities, law enforcement and regulatory authorities where required or permitted by law and for tax or other purposes. Personal information may also be released to external parties in response to legal processes, and when required to comply with laws, or to enforce our agreements, corporate policies, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Meyer, our employees, agents, customers, and others, as well as to parties to whom you authorise Meyer to release your personal information.
The Site includes links to third party websites and some of your personal information from your browsing session may be transferred to such third party websites (please see our Cookies Policy for more information).
We will not sell your personal information to any third party other than as part of any restructuring or sale of Meyer.
Where will your personal information be processed?
As part of the processing operations carried out by us (or on our behalf) above, your personal information may be transferred to, and stored and otherwise processed in, one or more countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) including in utilising online software/services where their servers may be hosted abroad, for example direct marketing software.
For transfers of your personal data to third parties outside of the EEA, we take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with the requirements of the UK data protection law.
What safeguards are in place to protect your personal information?
We use a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Nevertheless, whilst we take efforts to safeguard your personal information which are consistent with relevant laws, the nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee absolutely the security of any personal information you disclose online.
Access to your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information held by or on behalf of Meyer about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Under UK law, a request for access to your personal information needs to be in writing and accompanied by the statutory fee (£10). Please address requests to the Data Protection Officer (at the address above).
Retention
We will keep your details on record until we have completely dealt with your request, enquiry or application and then for a reasonable period afterwards, in accordance with data protection and other applicable legislation.
Meyer may keep your details on record for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out above and will then endeavour to securely delete your details in accordance with data protection and other applicable legislation. However, please note that we may turn your personal information into anonymous data so that you cannot be identified from it for the purposes of statistical analysis, traffic / website usage analysis and other administrative purposes.
Changes to this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. We may change this Policy from time to time by updating this page in order to reflect changes in the law and/or our privacy practices. The date at the top of this Policy will be updated accordingly.
We encourage you to check the date of this Policy when you visit the Site for any updates or changes. We will notify you of any modified versions of this Policy that might materially affect the way we use or disclose your personal information.
By using our Site, submitting your personal information to us and/or registering an account, you consent to the use of your personal information as described in this Policy (as amended from time to time).
This Policy only extends to the Site and does not, therefore, extend to your use of, provision of data to and collection of data on any website not connected to us to which you may link by using the hypertext links within this website.
[ 23 May 2017, Version 2 ]
HomeAbout Meyer
Meyer GlobalMeyer UKMeyer EMEAOur Mission and ValuesOur History Back
Our Brands
HestanRuffoniAnolonCirculonMeyer CookwarePrestigeJoe Wicks Back
NewsCommunity
In Kind DirectLiverpool John Moores University Back
CareersContact Us