http://www.huffmanwelding.com/privacy-policy
Huffman Welding & Machine, Inc. © 2015 Privacy Policy
HOME
COMPANY
SERVICES
CAREERS
OUR TEAM
CONTACT US
HOME
COMPANY
About Us
Community
Services Catalog
Industrial Sales catalog
Our Equipment
Farm Store Division
OUR TEAM
SERVICES
OUR SERVICES
MACHINING
WELDING AND FABRICATION
SHEET METAL
LASER AND METAL CUTTING
PROCESS EQUIPMENT
EQUIPMENT REPAIR AND REBUILD
STRUCTURAL/ MISC. METALS
PAINTING AND COATING
ENGINEERING SERVICES
CONTROLS INTEGRATION
INSTALLATION AND SITE SUPPORT
INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY
MANUFACTURING
CONTACT US
CONTACT INFO
OUR TEAM
CAREERS
PRIVACY POLICYHuffman Welding & Machine Inc. recognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: https://huffmanwelding.com. The Site is operated by Huffman Welding & Machine.If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our site coordinator at jhuffman@huffmanwelding.com or by postal mail to: Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.6224 Avenue O    Fort Madison, IA52627 Identifying Information. In general, you can visit our site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an order, offer services that require registration, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you. Generally, Huffman Welding and Machine Inc. requests identifying information when you: Place an order.Request a SPECIAL SERVICERequest information or files from technical support or customer service. In these instances, Huffman Welding & Machine Inc. will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time. What Huffman Welding & Machine Inc. Will Do With Your Information. If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.  and will only be used by Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.  to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service. What Others May Do With Your Information. Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.  does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.  may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.  (such as DATABASE MAINTENANCE, FURTHER EXAMPLES), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for Huffman Welding & Machine Inc. . In addition, Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.  may also share aggregate information about its customers and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share that our users are x percent PCs users and y percent Macintosh users. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.  Third Party LinksHuffman Welding & Machine Inc.  does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave huffmanwelding.com.  Huffman Welding & Machine Inc. cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.Changes to this PolicyHuffman Welding & Machine Inc. may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information. Contacting Us. If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the practices of our web site, you can write to: Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.6224 Avenue OFort Madison, IA52627 Credit Card SecurityWe know customers are concerned about credit card security. We use one of the worlds largest funds transfer agencies - PayPal. If you choose to use a PayPal account, your personal credit card information will not be given to Huffman Welding & Machine Inc.