https://www.tritexndt.com/privacy-policy-tritex-ndt
Privacy Policy
Tritex NDT Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.tritexndt.com (“our site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of our site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our site immediately.
Definitions And Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account” –  means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of our site.
“Cookie” – means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our site when you visit certain parts of our site and/or when you use certain features of our Site. Details of the Cookies used by our site are set out in Part 15, below.
Information About Us
Our site is owned and operated by Tritex NDT a limited company registered in England under company number 05685071
Registered address: 17 Bartlemy Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 6LD, United Kingdom.
Main trading address: Tritex NDT Ltd, Unit 10, Mellstock Business Park, Higher Bockhampton, Dorchester, DT2 8QJ, United Kingdom.
Data Protection Officer: Mr Jon Sharland
Email address: Sales@tritexndt.com
Telephone number: +44 (0) 1305 257160
Postal Address: Tritex NDT Ltd, Unit 10, Mellstock Business Park, Higher Bockhampton, Dorchester, DT2 8QJ, United Kingdom.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of our Site. Our site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
What Is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 16.
The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 16 to find out more.
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 16 to find out more.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 16.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
What Data We Collect
Depending upon your use of our site, we may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data (please also see Part 15 on our use of Cookies and similar technologies).
Name
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Business name
Information about your preferences and interests
IP address
Web browser type and version
Operating system
A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on our site, and the site you exit to
How We Use Your Personal Data
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for the following purposes:
Providing and managing your Account
Supplying our products and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email or post that you have requested.
Analysing your use of our site and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve our site and your user experience.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone or post with information, news and offers on our products or services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Data
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary to provide the services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information we will retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How And Where We Store Your Personal Data
We will only store your personal data in the UK. This means that it will be fully protected under the GDPR.
We may transfer your personal data to agents or distributors within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. This means that your personal data will be fully protected under the GDPR or to equivalent standards by law.
We may transfer some or all of your personal data in countries that are not part of the EEA. These are known as “third countries” and may not have data protection laws that are as strong as those in the UK and/or the EEA. This means that we will take additional steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR as follows:
We will only share your data within carefully selected companies within your country, who have been set up as agents or distributors, in order that they can provide the best local service to you. We will only pass on your details where you have requested further information from us through either our website, telephone or post, for the purpose of keeping you informed.
Where we transfer your data to a third party based in the US, this may be protected if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield. This requires that third party to provide data protection to standards similar to those in Europe.
The security of your personal data is essential to us, and to protect your data, it is stored on secure password protected servers and/or within locked metal filing cabinets.
Sharing Your Personal Data
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for marketing purposes, unless we gain your prior permission, for example: acting as a reference or when using a testimonial that you have supplied.
We may share your personal data with other companies, such as agents or distributors, with whom we work for the purpose of having a local company within your country deal with your request. We may sometimes contract with these third parties to supply certain products or services. These may include payment processing, delivery, sales and marketing. In some cases, those third parties may require access to some or all of your personal data that we hold.
If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law, as described above in Part 9.
If any personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, we will take suitable steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR, as explained above in Part 9.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
How You Can Control Your Personal Data
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via our site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails and at the point of providing your details.)
Can You Withhold Information?
You may access certain areas of our site without providing any personal data at all. You may restrict our use of Cookies when first entering our site. For more information, see Part 15.
How You Can Access Your Personal Data
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 16.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will aim to respond to your subject access request within 2 weeks and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
Information About Children
Our site and products are not suitable for children under the age of 18 years, so if you are under 18 we ask that you do not use our site or give us your personal information.
How We Use Cookies
Our site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of our site and to provide and improve our products and services. In addition, our site uses analytics services provided by Google, which also use Cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how people use our site.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access our site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
How We Can Be Contacted
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details: (for the attention of Mr Jon Sharland):
Email address: Sales@tritexndt.com
Telephone number: +44 (0) 1305 257160
Postal Address: Tritex NDT Ltd, Unit 10, Mellstock Business Park, Higher Bockhampton, Dorchester, DT2 8QJ, United Kingdom.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection. Any changes will be immediately posted on our site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of our site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Last Amended: 21 May 2018
Share