http://www.acu-market.com/Privacypolicy
Now Free Shipping When Buying $100 Plus of Herbs
1. 866.440.7703
Toggle navigation
Acupuncture Supplies (current)
Acupuncture Needles
•DBC
•Energy Flo
•Mac
•Peace
•Seirin
•Shunli
•SMC
Moxa Products
Needles - Specialty
Tacks, Seeds & Magnets
Software
Cupping Sets
Electro Therapy
Lamps TDP
Educational Products
•Books
•Charts
•Models
Herbs (current)
Herbal Formulas by Brand
•Bio Essence
•Biopharma Scientific
•Blue Poppy
•Emerald Health Bioceuticals
•Evergreen
•Garden of Life Herbals
•Health Concerns
•Herbal Times
•Kan Herbs
•KPC
•Mahima
•Pacific Biologic
•Pacific Herbs
•Rebel Herbs
•Spring Wind
•Sun Ten
•Treasure of the East
•Urban Herbs
Herbs, Bulk (Raw)
Herbal Tea
Herbal Formulas
Herbal Accessories
Hemp Extracts
Greens
Extract Powders
Homeopathic (current)
Homeopathic by Brand
•Boiron
•CompliMed
•Guna
•Hevert
•MTP
•Ohm Pharma
•UNDA
•Viatrexx
Natural Medicine
Injectable Solutions Rx
Vitamins (current)
Vitamins By Brand
•Bio Essence
•CompliMed
•Douglas Labs
•Gaia Herbs
•Garden of Life
•Genestra
•LifeSeasons
•Nordic Naturals
•Original Medicine
•Protocol for Life Balance
•Pure Encapsulations
Nutritional Supplements
Vitamins & Minerals
EXAM ROOM (current)
Bio Hazard - Sharps
Clinic Supplies
Diagnostic
Garments
Gloves & Masks
Infection Control
Injection Needles & Syringes
Instruments
OTC Medications
Paper Goods
Patient Care
Sundry Goods
Treatment Tables
Wound Care
Skin Care
Massage (current)
Massage Products
Massage Topicals
Music & Sound Healing
Topical (current)
Balms
Creams
Essential Oils
Gels
Liniments
Oils
Ointments
Plasters
Skin Care
Soaps & Shampoos
Sprays
Tinctures
Specials (current)
Flu Season
Monthly Specials
New Products
ANIMAL HEALTH (current)
Vet - Herbal
Vet - Homeopathic
Vet - Vitamins and Supplements
Log In
Support
Login
My Cart
(0)
Fast & Free Shipping
on Orders Over $250
Shopping Cart
•0 items
Your shopping cart is currently empty. This is the topic Named: emptycarttext. You edit this in the ADMIN site.
Discounts:
Subtotal:
My Items •0 items
Your wish list is currently empty.
Subtotal:
$0.00
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Acu-Market has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy & the protection of your information. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.acu-market.com
PRIVACY & SECURITY
At Acu-Market, privacy of individual visitor data is of primary importance. We work diligently to protect confidentiality, restrict transfer of personal data, incorporate technical safeguards and appropriate security policies, and identify privacy implications in new services. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us:
Medical Technology Products, Inc. d/b/a Acu-Market
7211 Haverhill Business Parkway
Riviera Beach, FL 33407
Phone: (561) 842-2154
Email: sales@acu-market.com
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information that we may collect when you are on the web site, and when you use our site services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
At Acu-Market, your privacy and the protection of your data is our main concern. Collecting the information, how the information is used, with whom the information is shared. The kind of security procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Acu-market control, How to correct any inaccuracies in the information. If you feel that our company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, please contact us.
The information collected and used. Acu-Market is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way that varies from what is disclosed in this statement. Acu-Market collects information from our users at several different areas on our site. You may receive information regarding new features, services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. Registration is required in order to use this website, and a user must create an account prior to completing any purchase. Users are required to provide their name, email address, zip code, phone number and a password of 5-16 characters in length. This information is necessary in order for us to contact users about services on our site for which they have expressed interest and so that you may later login to our site to check your order status and account history. Acu-Market order forms request data from users including: Contact information such as name and shipping address; financial information such as credit card number, expiration date, billing address, and billing phone number. This information is used for billing purposes to verify that the customer and to fill customers' orders. If we encounter difficulty when processing an order, this contact information is used to contact the user. This information is collected from a secure web page and encrypted for our customers' protection. It is not sold to anyone else under any circumstances. We may disclose this information to your credit card issuing bank if a fraudulent order is being investigated or disputed by you.
COOKIES
Cookies are data stored on the end-user's hard drive with information that relates directly to the end-user's visit to our web site. Any information placed in the cookie is accessible only to Acu-Market, and will not be sold or shared with anyone else under any circumstances. We use a cookie to store a unique session identifier, which allows us to maintain shopping cart and web site selections from one page request to the next, and maintain session information from one visit to the next. By setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in more than once, thereby saving time while visiting our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still browse our site. However, the user experience will be greatly curtailed. In addition, the user will be unable to log in or make a purchase. Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance users' experience and display products that relate directly to individual user preferences. Some of our business partners and/or advertisers may also use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies
LOG FILES
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement and gather demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses may be used in fraudulent charge investigations and in other ways necessary to provide this service.
SHARING
We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We value your privacy at Acu-Market, and will never release any account information to anyone outside of the necessary core groups that help our business function unless our customers give us the authority to do so.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
LINKS
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Acu-Market is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
E-MAIL
If a user wishes to subscribe to our emails we ask for contact information such as name and email address. If at any time you should wish to unsubscribe, please send an email to sales@acu-market.com with your request and the e-mail address you used to create your account.
SECURITY
Your account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. We use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions in certain areas such as our shopping-cart and account pages.
We also do everything in our power to protect user data offline. All sensitive information is restricted in our offices.
All employees are kept up to date on our security and privacy practices. The servers with personally identifiable information are stored in a locked and secure environment. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can contact us.
CORRECTING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can add new information and update credit cards on your account page of our site.
CONTACTING THE WEB SITE
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: sales@acu-market.com or call (561) 842-2154.
sign up free
sign up free
Sign Up for Special Offers
subscribe
Wait...
Acumarket
home
About us
Contact us
traulevium
Information
Needle Size Chart
Order Form PDF
Help & FAQs
Disclaimer
My Items
My Order History
Customer service
Shipping Information
Return Policy
Security Privacy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
visit our Blog
Stay Connected
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
T:561.842.2154
7211 HAVERHILL BUSINESS PARKWAY RIVIERA BEACH, FL 33407
© 2001-2020. Medical Technology Products, Inc. All rights reserved
Sign Up for Special Offers
subscribe
Wait...
Loading...