https://www.firstpeoples.com/website-policy
Website Policy
Our Online Privacy Practices
Keeping financial and personal information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting the information of members and visitors who use our website. We value your trust and handle all personal information with care.
As with information we collect through our other means, we use the information you provide online to respond to your needs, service your accounts, and provide you information about other services.
E-mail Security
E-mail is not a secure method of contact. You should NEVER provide information that is sensitive or confidential through unsecured e-mail. We ask that you take care when contacting us via e-mail and that you do not use e-mail to send sensitive information such as your member number, social security number, or PIN to us. If you have questions concerning your account which would require providing this type of sensitive information, you should contact the Credit Union by telephone or use the secure mail feature available inside FP@Home® Online Account Access.
Cookies
A cookie is small piece of information that a website stores directly on the computer you are using. Cookies can contain a variety of information, from a simple count of how often you visit a website to information which allows customization of a website for your use. First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union uses cookies to gather data about the usage of our website and to ensure that you have access to your account information.Anytime a cookie is used, personal information is encrypted for our use only and is protected from third party access (a cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that sets the cookie).
Linking to Other Sites
First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union’s website contains links to third party sites. These links are provided for convenience purposes and are not operated by First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union. You will be leaving the First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union’s website upon visiting these links. Upon clicking on these links, you will be notified that you are leaving the First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union website.
The information and content provided on these third party websites is not underwritten nor guaranteed by First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union. First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union is not responsible for the content of the linked website and cannot guarantee the relevance, timeliness, or accuracy of the materials provided by other agencies or organizations.  First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union does not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction.
Privacy and security policies of non-First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union’s websites may differ from those practiced by First Peoples Community Federal Credit Union. We do not control any of these sites and are not responsible for the privacy or security in these sites. While we hope these organizations join us in respecting your privacy, we offer these links only as a convenience to our members. If you choose to link to one of these sites, we strongly suggest that you review their privacy statement, especially prior to entering any non-public information.
In This Section
Phone:301-784-3000800-655-8335
MCC Hours:Mon - Fri: 7:00 am - 6:00 pmSaturday: 8:00 am - 1:00 pm
Payments:P.O. Box 5524Cresaptown, MD 21505-5524
General Mail/Accounting:P.O. Box 5149Cresaptown, MD 21505-5149
Email First Peoples
Branch & ATM Locations