https://www.diagnostechs.com/site-policies
Site PoliciesHome
Site Policies
Copyright
© DiagnosTechs, Inc. All rights reserved. Documents published by DiagnosTechs, Inc. on the World Wide Web may not be copied other than for non-commercial individual reference with all copyright or other proprietary notices retained, and thereafter may not be recopied, reproduced or otherwise redistributed. DiagnosTechs, Inc. will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on diagnostechs.com, but DiagnosTechs, Inc. makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. All users agree that all access and use of diagnsotechs.com and the content thereof is at their own risk. Neither DiagnosTechs, Inc. nor any party involved in creating, producing or delivering diagnostechs.com shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to, use of or inability to use diagnostechs.com, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof.
Trademarks
All product names, whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol, are trademarks of DiagnosTechs, Inc., its affiliates, related companies or its licensors or joint venture partners. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, the law of slander and libel, the law of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Further, please be advised that DiagnosTechs, Inc. actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Privacy Policy
DiagnosTechs, Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our on-line visitors. To this end, we are committed to using our best efforts to respect the privacy of our on-line visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about you with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The following is the way we handle information learned about you from your visit to our website.
Collective Data
Some DiagnosTechs, Inc. websites deposit certain bits of information called “cookies” in a visitor’s computer. Cookies are sent back only to the web site that deposited them when a visitor returns to that site. Cookies can tell us how and when pages in a website are visited and by how many people. This technology does not collect personal identifiable information; the information collected is in an aggregate, non-identifiable form. With the information we can learn through this technology, we hope to improve our sites.
Personally Identifiable Information
DiagnosTechs, Inc. collects personally identifiable information, such as names, addresses, E-mail addresses and the like, only when voluntarily provided by a website visitor. We will notify you as to the uses we intend to make of that information.
Links to other sites
As a resource to our visitors, DiagnosTechs, Inc. provides links to other websites. We try to carefully choose websites which we believe are useful and meet our high standards. However, because websites can change so quickly, we can’t guarantee the standards of every website link we provide or be responsible for the content of non-DiagnosTechs sites.
Children
We do not specifically collect information about children.
Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be communicated promptly on this page.