http://www.greateromaha.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
In General
Greater Omaha (GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com) owns and operates these Websites.  This document governs your relationship with GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com (“Websites”). Access to and use of these Websites and the products and services available through these Websites (collectively, the “Services”) are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the “Terms of Service”). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by Greater Omaha from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Access to these Websites is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason these Websites are unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of these Websites.
These Websites may contain links to other websites (the “Linked Sites”), which are not operated by GreaterOmaha.com or MyFreshSteaks.com. We have no control over the Linked Sites and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use, conditions and service contained within each such site.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy, which sets out how we will use your information, can be found at http://www.www.greateromaha.com/privacy-policy. By using these Websites, you consent to the processing described therein and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Prohibitions
You must not misuse these Websites. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offense; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person’s proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as “spam”; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through these Websites. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offense and GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of these Websites or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content (including photographic images) made available to you on or through these Websites remains the property of Greater Omaha or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on these Websites nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price.
Dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal or package delivery delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.
In order to contract with GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com retain the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by email and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be GreaterOmaha.com or MyFreshSteaks.com or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party GreaterOmaha.com is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The availability and cost of products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
(a) Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order: this email will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us will not be formed until we send you confirmation by e-mail that the goods which you ordered have been dispatched to you. Only those goods listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
(b) Pricing and Availability
While we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on these Websites are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the ‘Total Cost’.
(c) Payment
Upon receiving your order we carry out a standard authorization check on your payment card to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil the transaction. Your card will be debited upon authorization being received. The monies received upon the debiting of your card shall be treated as a deposit against the value of the goods you wish to purchase. Once the goods have been dispatched and you have been sent a confirmation email the monies paid as a deposit shall be used as consideration for the value of goods you have purchased as listed in the confirmation email.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on these Websites is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law GreaterOmaha.com, MyFreshSteaks.com and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of these Websites or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. These Websites must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of these Websites other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Disclaimer as to ownership of trade marks, images of personalities and third party copyright
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trademarks and content, services and/or locations featured on these Websites are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with GreaterOmaha.com or MyFreshSteaks.com and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trademarks/names featured on these Websites are owned by the respective trade mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to GreaterOmaha.com or MyFreshSteaks.com.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use these Websites or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
GreaterOmaha.com and MyFreshSteaks.com shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of these Websites.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service or Conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected and all other clauses remaining shall be in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
We offer a complaints handling procedure which we will use to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments. If such disputes are not resolved by mutual agreement, you agree that any dispute or difference arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Service and Conditions by any party or affected person shall be referred to and be finally resolved by a single arbitrator to be agreed upon by the parties, or failing agreement within fourteen days after either party has given to the other a written request to concur in the appointment of an arbitrator, by an arbitrator to be appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in Douglas County, Nebraska, which arbitrator shall act under rules that are mutually agreed upon by the parties, or failing agreement on such rules within fourteen days after either party has offered such rules, under rules selected by a court of competent jurisdiction in Douglas County, Nebraska with such rules being deemed to be incorporated by this reference into these Terms of Service and Conditions.
Waiver
If you breach these Terms of Service and Conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service and Conditions constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and GreaterOmaha.com or MyFreshSteaks.com. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service and Conditions will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of GreaterOmaha.com or MyFreshSteaks.com.
Contact Information
Greater Omaha Packing Co., Inc.
3001 “L” Street
Omaha, Nebraska 68107
Phone: 402.731.1700
Toll Free: 800.747.5400
Sign up for our newsletter
From time to time, we’ll drop you a note on some of our latest news, share recipe ideas and advance notice of exclusive, limited time special offers. We promise not to fill your mailbox with endless promotions (who has time for that?) Sign up today and be part of the in crowd.
Email
Sign Up