http://www.thamesandhudson.com/page/privacy-policy
Useful Links
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Cancellation
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms & Conditions of Use
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Thames & Hudson Ltd Defined Benefit Pension Scheme
Our Privacy Policy
Thames & Hudson is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Our Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which we use the personal information we collect about you and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard that information and your privacy.
By submitting personal information you consent to the use of that information as set out in Our Privacy Policy. If we change Our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page so that you may be aware of them.
The information we collect and how we use it
During your interaction with us whether via this website or via our social media you will come across certain activities for which we request certain personal information. These activities are outlined below. We will not use your information for any purpose other than as stated.
When you purchase goods from our website the personal information you give us such as your name, delivery address, billing address, email address, telephone number, credit or debit card number and authorization number are collected in order to process and fulfil your order and, if necessary, to process a return. By providing such personal information, you are giving consent to T&H and its fulfilment partners to use it for this purpose. Please see the section below on Magento and HHC for further information on this.
When you browse our on-line store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
If you subscribe to any of our newsletters we will ask you for your name and email address in order to provide you with the service you are requesting. You will be able to opt out of your subscription at any time. Please see Opting out below.
We may use your name and email address to tell you about our books and products, any special offers, author signings, and other events or features of our website which we think may be of interest to you if you opt-in to this service including personalizing our communications to you.
We collect personal information about you if you enter any competitions run by or in association with us although these will be subject to additional terms and conditions.
Sometimes we may ask you for your suggestions and opinions and provide you with a link for emailing us your response. We will only use the email address we receive from you for the purpose of responding to your suggestions and opinions.
We also collect certain information about you through the use of cookies and other automated means such as Google Analytics. Please see Our Cookies Policy for further information on this.
Opting out
If you wish to stop receiving some or all of the information that we currently send, you may amend or remove your preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of your emails and following the instructions provided or use this link. If you have any queries about how to use the mailing preference system please contact us at: contact-us@thameshudson.co.uk
Once you opt out we will delete all personal information we hold on you, but this will not impact your ability to place orders.
Magento
Our store is built on Magento (online e-commerce platform).
Your data is stored through Magento’s data storage, databases and the general Magento application. Our store and the data within it is on a secure server behind a firewall provided by Amazon Cloud located in Eire. Amazon also provides a back-up secure server also located in Eire.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Although no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) requirements. Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
We use Sage Pay to process the financial fulfillment of any order you place for goods and this transaction is subject to their own terms and conditions.
Littlehampton Book Services (LBS)
Orders through this website are fulfilled by Littlehampton Books Services (LBS) of Faraday Close, Worthing, West Sussex BN13 3RB.
To fulfil your order LBS require the following personal information: your name, delivery address, billing address, email address and contact telephone number. They will hold and process that information, including passing such elements on to third parties or an agent acting on their behalf, as is necessary to fulfil your order. The information will be held for any future orders you may place. They will require that any third party or agent must process your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you confirm that you are the age of majority in your country of residence. For the UK, this is 18 years of age.
We encourage parents and guardians to get involved with their children’s online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. Although this website includes children’s books and products, it is not directed to children and contains material not suitable for their viewing or use.
You should be aware that if your children voluntarily disclose personal information about themselves and we are not aware of their age, such personal information will be processed and used in accordance with Our Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns in this respect please contact us at contact-us@thameshudson.co.uk
Disclosure
We do not sell personal information about our customers to any third parties or disclose it to any third party other than LBS, but we reserve the right to release personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate or to enforce Our Terms and Conditions of Use of This Website or to protect our rights, property or safety or that of our customers, our fulfilment partners or other third parties.
Your Rights and Responsibilities
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to have any errors corrected. It is your responsibility to ensure that we have correct contact information. This will enable us to provide you with the best service and experience possible.
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you or have any questions about Our Privacy Policy or how it is being exercised please email us at contact-us@thameshudson.co.uk. If you are not satisfied with the response you receive, you may wish to contact the Information Commissioner at www.ico.org.uk
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on 28 February 2017.