https://www.macneilwash.com/terms-and-conditions/
MacNeil > Terms & Conditions
This Agreement is made between the Seller (“Seller”) and the Buyer (“Buyer”) identified on the cover page accompanying this Agreement. This Agreement shall not be binding unless and until the order is accepted by Seller and the various manufacturers from whom the non-MacNeil products will be purchased for resale to Buyer.
GENERAL. This Agreement (along with any associated written specification, quotation and/or supplemental terms and conditions provided by Seller) exclusively will govern the sale or licensing by Seller of all goods and services (including without limitation, equipment, chemistry, hardware, firmware and software products, installation, integration, training, programming, maintenance, engineering, parts, repair and remanufacturing services – hereinafter, “Products”) furnished to Buyer hereunder, and represents the entire agreement between Buyer and Seller with respect thereto. No addition or modification to these terms and conditions will be binding on Seller unless agreed to in writing signed by an authorized representative at Seller’s headquarters. Seller objects to and rejects other terms and conditions that may be proposed by Buyer or that appear on or are referenced in Buyer’s purchase order or requisition that are in addition to or otherwise not consistent with the terms and conditions set forth or referenced herein.
PRICE. Buyer agrees to purchase the Products identified on the Sales Contract and Supplements hereto for the prices indicated. Prices and other information shown in any Seller publication (including product catalogs and brochures) are subject to CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE and are not to be construed as a definite quotation or offer to sell by Seller. Such publications are not offers to sell and are maintained only as a source of general information, and any prices shown therein are subject to confirmation with a specific quotation. Specific quotations expire thirty (30) days from the date of quotation, unless otherwise stipulated in the Sales Contract, and are valid only when signed by an officer of Seller at its corporate headquarters. All prices are quoted exclusive of all freight delivery charges and all city, state and federal taxes and excises, direct or indirect, including without limitation, taxes on manufacture, sales, receipts, gross income, occupation, consumption, use and similar taxes. Wherever applicable, any tax or taxes will be added to the invoice as a separate charge to be paid by Buyer. Prices do not reflect any other fees for items including, but not limited to, inspections, licenses, permits, testing (UL or ETL, for example) union labor supervision, and insurance. Any and all such fees are the responsibility of Buyer. Time and material services will be provided in accordance with Seller’s published service rates (including applicable overtime and travel expenses) in effect as of the date such services are provided, unless otherwise confirmed by Seller’s written quotation or order acknowledgment. Billable service time includes travel time to and from the job site and all time Seller’s representatives are available for work and waiting (whether on or off the job site) to perform the services. Price discrepancies must be submitted for review and approval in writing no more than 30 days from the invoice date. Those received after 30 days will not be considered for review. Seller will provide written notification of the final credit adjustment or denial.
PAYMENT TERMS. Unless otherwise set forth in writing hereto, a 30% deposit is required upon execution of this Agreement, and Buyer shall, prior to shipment, pay the cash balance for the Products sold to Buyer under this Agreement. Seller reserves the rights not to ship the Products until payment in full is received and/or to ship the Products under reservation for payment against documents of title. Prices on the Sales Contract and other Supplements shall remain in effect for ninety (90) days after an order is accepted by Seller. Thereafter, any price increases for the Products sold by Seller from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to shipment shall be added to the total purchase price unless otherwise agreed.
PAYMENT SEQUENCE. i) Wholesale Customers: 30% deposit required to place order and balance due 28 days prior to agreed-upon delivery date. ii) Retail Customers Equipment Only: $10,000 deposit to lock in pricing (90 days unless otherwise agreed) and to begin development of site/project specific drawings, 30% required to place order, and balance due 28 calendar days prior to agreed upon delivery date. iii) Retail Customers Equipment and Installation: $10,000 deposit to lock in pricing (90 days unless otherwise agreed) and to begin development of site/project specific drawings, 30% deposit of total contract to place order, balance of total contract less $10,000 holdback due 28 days prior to agreed upon delivery date, $10,000 holdback of total contract due upon substantial completion of installation prior to site turnover to Buyer at which time installation warranty begins. Any unpaid amounts shall accrue interest at the lesser rate of 1.5% per month or the maximum allowed by law. Buyer shall reimburse Seller for any collection agency or attorneys’ fees related to Buyer’s failure to pay amounts when due.
DELIVERY DATES. Production slots are secured with a minimum of 30% order deposit and complete order information and drawing approval when applicable. Standard lead time is 8 – 12 weeks from factory Order Acknowledgement. Delivery dates must be locked in or changed 28 calendar days prior to delivery date specified on Order Acknowledgement as follows: a) Lock-in original delivery date with receipt of balance due or progress payment as the case may be 28 calendar days prior to agreed upon delivery date; b) Release agreed upon delivery date by failing to Pay Balance due 28 calendar days prior to agreed upon delivery date on Order Acknowledgement and move to next available production slot in the production queue.  Just in time delivery of equipment rarely coincides with construction schedules. SELLER advises BUYER to be prepared to accept delivery of equipment early or late in the construction process at the site and secure it at their own expense. A change order and additional cost will be associated with mobilizing and downloading early.
TAXES AND OTHER RIGHTS. Buyer shall be responsible for remitting to Seller, along with the purchase price, all sales tax or use tax (or any tax in lieu of such taxes) arising from this sale or Buyer’s purchase, ownership or use of the Products. Buyer indemnifies Seller from any action or collection arising from Buyer not paying sales tax or use tax (or any tax in lieu of such taxes) arising from this sale or Buyer’s purchase.
DELIVERY TERMS. Delivery terms are Ex Works (EXW) OEM factory (per current Incoterms) or as otherwise agreed to as evidenced by Seller’s order acknowledgment. Seller disclaims all liability for late delivery. Shipping will be prepaid and added to the invoice.
TITLE AND SECURITY INTERESTS. In all cases, title transfers to Buyer upon the earlier of Seller’s delivery to Buyer or receipt by the first carrier for transport to Buyer, except; 1) title to all intellectual property rights associated with the Products remains with Seller or its suppliers and licensors; and 2) title to the Products shipped on credit with “Balance due upon receipt of invoice” shall remain with the Seller until all payments are made. In the event title is determined to have transferred to Buyer prior to all payments being made, Buyer hereby grants Seller a security interest in the Products and agrees to execute all instruments in connection therewith. The Products shall at all times be deemed personal property, even after attachment or connection to realty. The Buyer shall keep the Products in good working condition, and physical appearance, and all Products free of liens. The Products shall not be removed from the Buyer’s premises without the written consent of the Seller. Until the purchase price is fully paid, the Buyer shall maintain comprehensive insurance on the Products for its full new retail value. Moreover, if Buyer does not make final, and full payment within 30 days of the substantial completion of the project, Buyer grants Seller the right, unannounced, to enter the property and remove any of the equipment Seller sold/installed without any liability for damage caused thereby to Buyer’s property. If Buyer subsequently pays Seller, Seller will charge Buyer, and Buyer will pay in advance, the cost to reinstall the equipment. In addition, Seller reserves all its legal rights to collect any outstanding balance.
INSPECTION AND RISK OF LOSS. Buyer agrees to inspect all Products upon arrival. Buyer hereby assumes the risk of loss from any hazards occurring after delivery by Seller to a carrier for shipment to Buyer and agrees to assert all claims for damages or losses in traffic directly against such carrier. Claims for shortages must be made to Seller at its home office within ten (10) days after start up of Products, but in no event later than three (3) months after the date of original shipment. Buyer agrees to provide Seller a reasonable opportunity for inspection after receipt of any claim.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTIES AS TO PRODUCTS SOLD HEREUNDER EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT. SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT PRODUCTS SOLD UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE MERCHANTABLE OR THAT SUCH PRODUCTS WILL BE FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SELLER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS FOLLOWS:
(a). Equipment and Hardware: Seller makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to any equipment, parts, components or hardware Products provided hereunder and only the manufacturer’s warranty shall apply. Buyer must consult the applicable manufacturer’s warranty for details. All Products subject to such manufacturer’s warranty must be returned to the manufacturer for inspection and are subject to approval from the applicable manufacturer. Seller will administer the manufacturers’ warranty for Buyer but all warranty claims rejected by the manufacturer, and any corresponding costs, are the Buyer’s responsibility.
(b). Software and Firmware: Seller makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, that the operation of the software or firmware Products will be uninterrupted or error free, or that the functions contained therein will meet or satisfy Buyer’s intended use or requirements. For the Products provided hereunder, only the manufacturer’s warranty shall apply. Customer must consult the applicable manufacturer’s warranty for specific details. Seller will administer the manufacturers’ warranty for Buyer but all warranty claims rejected by the manufacturer, and any corresponding costs, are the Buyer’s responsibility.
(c). Services: Seller warrants that Services performed by Seller will be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of substantial completion of the scope of work. Seller warrants that Products comprised solely of services (e.g., installation, training, on-site repair, engineering and custom application programming services) will be performed by appropriately skilled personnel employed or retained by Seller and will only be performed during normal business hours. Worked performed outside of normal business hours will be billed per normal overtime or holiday rates.
d). Remedies: 1) Remedies under the above warranties for hardware, software and firmware will be limited, in accordance with the manufacturer’s warranty. 2) Remedies under the above warranty for services performed will be limited to 90 days, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing, for Buyer requested on-site warranty service (consisting of time, travel and expenses related to such services) excluding nuisance calls. In the event of repair or replacement, this limited warranty is noncumulative. The foregoing will be the exclusive remedies for any breach of warranty or breach of contract arising there from.
(e). General: Warranty satisfaction is available only if (a) Seller is provided prompt written notice of the warranty claim and (b) Seller’s examination confirms that any alleged defect has not been caused by misuse; neglect; improper installation, operation, maintenance, repair, alteration or modification by other than Seller; accident; or unusual deterioration or degradation of the Products or parts thereof due to physical environment, acidic or alkaline chemicals, or electrical or electromagnetic noise environment and (c) Buyer is the original purchaser.
(f).THE ABOVE WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, OR PERFORMANCE OR APPLICATION WARRANTIES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SELLER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE, MATERIALS, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, DATA, CONTRACT, GOODWILL OR THE LIKE (WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT IN NATURE) OR FOR ANY OTHER FORM OF INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. SELLER’S MAXIMUM CUMULATIVE LIABILITY RELATIVE TO ALL OTHER CLAIMS AND LIABILITIES, INCLUDING OBLIGATIONS UNDER ANY INDEMNITY, WHETHER OR NOT INSURED, WILL NOT EXCEED THE COST OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY SELLER. FOR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE AND FIRMWARE WHICH GIVE RISE TO ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY, BUYER AGREES TO SEEK REDRESS WITH THE MANUFACTURER OF THE HARDWARE, SOFTWARE OR FIRMWARE EXCLUSIVELY. SELLER DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY RELATIVE TO GRATUITOUS INFORMATION OR ASSISTANCE PROVIDED BY, BUT NOT REQUIRED OF SELLER HEREUNDER. ANY ACTION AGAINST SELLER MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN EIGHTEEN (18) MONTHS AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. THESE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF ANY OTHER CONTRARY PROVISION HEREOF AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY) OR OTHERWISE. EACH PROVISION HEREOF WHICH PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY OR CONDITION OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ANY OTHER PROVISION AND IS TO BE ENFORCED AS SUCH.
SPECIFICATIONS, PLANS, WEIGHTS AND DIMENSIONS. Seller makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to any Product Specifications (including without limitation, performance data, engineering data, drawings, weights or dimensions – hereinafter, “Technical Data”) provided hereunder. Published or advertised Technical Data regarding the Products are estimates or approximations only and are not warranted.
CHANGES AND SUBSTITUTIONS. Buyer-requested order changes, including those affecting the identity, scope and delivery of the Products, must be documented in writing and are subject to Seller’s prior approval and adjustments in price, scheduling and other affected terms and conditions.
RETURNS. All returns of Products will be pursuant to Seller’s instructions. Non-warranty returns of unused and resalable Products for credit will be subject to Seller’s return policies in effect at the time, including applicable restocking charges and other conditions of return. Products returned under warranty must be properly packed and shipped to Seller-specified locations. Shipping containers must be clearly marked per Seller’s instructions and shipped freight prepaid by Buyer.
ORDER CANCELLATION. Cancellation by Buyer prior to shipment is permitted only by written notice and upon payment to Seller of reasonable cancellation and restocking charges as set in Seller’s discretion, including reimbursement for direct costs. Cancellation charges associated with orders for custom Products or Products specifically manufactured to Buyer’s specification may equal the actual selling price of the Products. Seller has the right to cancel an order for cause at any time by written notice, and Seller will be entitled to cancellation and restocking charges as identified above. No termination by Buyer for cause will be effective unless and until Seller has failed to correct such alleged cause within forty five (45) days after receipt of Buyer’s written notice specifying such cause.
FORCE MAJEURE. Seller will not be liable for any loss, damage or delay arising out of its failure (or that of its subcontractors) to perform hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, acts of God, acts or omissions of Buyer, acts of civil or military authority, fires, strikes, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, war, riots, acts of terrorism, delays in transportation, or transportation embargoes. In the event of such delay, Seller’s performance date(s) will be extended for such length of time as may be reasonably necessary to compensate for the delay.
DISPUTES. The parties will attempt in good faith promptly to resolve any dispute arising hereunder by negotiations between representatives of the parties who have authority to settle the dispute. If unsuccessful, the parties further will attempt in good faith to settle the dispute by non-binding third-party mediation in Polk County, Iowa under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association or as otherwise agreed by the parties, with mediator fees and expenses apportioned equally to each side. Any dispute not so resolved by negotiation or mediation may then be submitted to a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with the terms hereof. These procedures are the exclusive procedures for the resolution of all such disputes between the parties.
INDEMNIFICATION. Buyer agrees at all times to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Seller, manufacturers of equipment, and their affiliates, agents, and employees, from and against all loss, cost, damage, expense, construction delays, claims, demands, suits and causes of action whatsoever, including costs of defense and any attorneys’ fees, alleged or asserted by any person, firm or corporation for, on account of, or in connection with, the installation, condition, maintenance, use, or operation of the Products sold in conjunction with this Agreement. Purchaser may not settle any claims in a manner that interferes with Seller’s rights without Seller’s advance written permission, such permission not to be unreasonably withheld
GOVERNING LAW AND FORUM. The validity, construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Iowa without regard to any conflict of law principles that would require the application of the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. Each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa for the purposes of any action arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby, or, if such action may not be brought in such court for jurisdictional reasons, in the Iowa District Court for Polk County. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue in such courts including that such venue is an inconvenient forum.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. The relationship of Seller and Buyer established by this Agreement is that of independent contractors, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to (i) give either party the power to direct and control the day-to-day activities of the other, (ii) constitute the parties as partners, joint ventures, co-owners or otherwise as participants in a joint or common undertaking.
ASSIGNMENT. The agreement evidenced hereby may not be assigned by either party without the written consent of the other (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld). However, consent will not be required for internal transfers and assignments as between Seller and its parent company, subsidiaries or Affiliates.
NCS Parts Terms and Conditions
Prices
All parts prices are subject to change without notice. Orders will be invoiced at the prevailing prices at the date of shipment. We cannot be held responsible for any errors that may be inadvertently included in this website or online.
Parts Telephone Orders
Please have the following information ready when you call:
Your NCS Customer Number
Your Business Name
Your Billing and Shipping Address
Purchase Order Number (if applicable)
SKU Numbers
Quantities Desired
Shipping Information
All internet, mail and phone parts orders are processed for shipment immediately on receipt of order. All parts order freight promotions, including flat-rate freight, are eligible to a single ship-to address per order within the continental United States only.
Custom/Special Orders
All custom/special parts orders placed with NCS will require full payment when the order is placed and have a lead time of a minimum of 2 weeks following acceptance of the order and price. In addition, custom/special orders are non-cancellable and non-returnable.
Payment Terms
All parts charges are to be paid for at the time of purchase unless the account has been granted credit terms by NCS. Our minimum order is $50. Orders less than our minimum will be subject to additional handling charges. NCS accepts American Express, Discover, MasterCard, and Visa cards.
Credit Terms & Policy
Charges to the customer’s account will only be accepted if all of the following conditions exist:
Approved application for Credit Terms is on file.
The customer’s account is in good standing.
The amount of the purchase does not exceed the customer’s credit line. Valid credit card must be on file.
Terms
All invoices are payable ten (15) days net from the date of invoice.
Invoices not paid within thirty (30) days from the date of invoice are considered past due and the account is no longer in good standing.
Invoices not paid within thirty (30) days of invoice date will be assessed a 1% service charge on the unpaid balance (annual percentage rate 12%).
Accounts over (60) days past due will be charged to the credit card on file.
All debts deemed uncollectible by our Credit Department will be turned over to a collection agency and the customer will be responsible for all charges incurred.
American Express, Discover, Master Card and Visa are accepted.
Custom Order items may require pre-payment.
Parts Warranty
All parts products sold by NCS carry the manufacturer’s warranties and these warranties are the sole responsibility of the manufacturer. NCS also offers a 90 days parts warranty guarantee from the date of shipment. The customer will be responsible for transportation, labor costs, and all other incidental expenses in connection with the warranty repair or replacement.
Parts Return Policy
To return parts products, YOU MUST FIRST email RMA@ryko.com and request a Return Merchandise Authorization Number (RMA). Please provide the following information:
Sku Number and Qty seeking to return
Reason for the requested return
Date the order was received
upon receipt of your RMA number you may be instructed to return some items, if drop shipped directly to the manufacturer. If no special instruction is provided, please return your part(s) to the following address:
National Carwash Solutions
1500 SE 37th Street PO box 38
Grimes Iowa, 50111
Include the RMA number on the outside of the package and be sure to obtain a tracking number from your shipping company.
Return items must be shipped prepaid.
We suggest you ship the products to us in their original packaging, and ensure proper shipment. Please understand that NCS cannot be responsible for loss or damage during return shipment to NCS.
Items must be returned within thirty (30) days of receipt of order and must be in as-new condition, complete with all manuals, parts and accessories as sold originally
Items ordered incorrectly are subject to a re-stocking charge of up to 20%.
All return orders must include the RMA# on the package for proper processing.
Returns without a valid RMA# will not be processed and will be returned to the shipper. No returns will be accepted freight-collect.
Shortages, lost, or damaged goods must be reported within seven (7) days. The original packaging must be held for claim evaluation by the shipping company.
Privacy Policy
NCS. and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, and brands (collectively “We”) value our customers and are committed to protecting personal information about them and their companies. This notice (“Privacy Policy”) describes what information we collect about you, how we use it, with whom we may share it, how we collect it, and what choices you have regarding it. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of the Terms of Use www.ncsparts.com of each NCS website, or any replacement site, the “Site” or “Sites”). Please review and become familiar with the terms and conditions of both this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY NCS SITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND CONSENT TO THE PRIVACY PRACTICES, AND TO THE USES AND DISCLOSURES OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR COMPANY, THAT ARE DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEIR TERMS. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, as we may update it from time to time, as further described below.
Information We Collect: Our web servers collect general data pertaining to each Site visitor, including the IP address, tracking codes, the domain name, the web page, the length of time spent and the pages accessed while visiting this Site. This information is collected to, among other things, aggregate information from online and offline sources, facilitate system administration, improve the content of the Site, customize and improve the user experience for Site visitors and customers, and improve customer service generally. We also collect personally identifiable and transactional information provided by companies and Site visitors that purchase products from that Site. This information includes contact information, shipping information, credit cardholder name, and card number/expiration date. We may also retain the content of the communications that are sent to our customer service representatives. This information helps us to respond to inquiries regarding this Site.
Use of Information Collected: We use the information that is collected from Site visitors and customers to, among other things, better serve customers, improve the content of this Site, and customize the shopping experience for Site visitors and customers. We may also use the information collected to notify Site visitors of changes to this Site, to notify Site visitors of new products, and for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose. We may share your information as follows: Among our various subsidiaries, divisions, parent organizations, and brands.
Advertising and Remarketing: NCS uses third-party remarketing tracking cookies (see: “Cookies and Other Technology Information), including the Google AdWords tracking cookie, to track your interaction(s) with our site and to continue to show ads to you across the internet on the Google Display Network. You can opt out of this third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Page: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Security Policy
Website Security: Site security is a priority. We periodically review and update the security methods intended to protect information transmitted via this Site, including measures intended to secure and protect all personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Our Site uses industry-standard encryption technology. However, we cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of electronically stored sensitive personal data via email or by conspicuous posting on the Site as soon as possible to the extent consistent with (a) the legitimate needs of law enforcement, and (b) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
Account Security: We are dedicated to ensuring that your account remains secure. Here are several actions you can take to help protect your account:
Keep Your User ID and Password Secure: We ask for your password when you log-in to our site. We will never ask for your password in any unsolicited communication.
To enhance your online safety, follow these recommendations to keep your personal information private:
Don’t reveal your password to anyone.
Change your password periodically.
Protect Your Account from Online Fraud:
The Internet is not immune to fraud. Criminals will use spoof e-mails, phony web sites, and other deceptive practices to try to obtain your personal information; this is known as phishing.
Spoof emails are phony emails that appear to have originated from a legitimate company. These phony emails ask you to go to a spoof web site and provide your personal account information. To bait you, often these deceptive emails may allude to an urgent matter concerning your account. In many cases, there is no easy way to determine that you are on a phony web site because the URL may contain the name of the company it is spoofing.
Security Tips:
Delete suspicious emails without opening them. If you do open a suspicious email, never click on a link or open an attachment contained in the suspicious email.
Do not provide your sensitive information by email or phone.
When entering private information, confirm your security by looking for a closed lock at the bottom of the Web page. Click on the lock icon to verify that the security certificate has been issued to our Site.
If you believe that there is a problem with your account, please contact customer service. To report a suspicious email that uses our name, immediately forward it to NCSparts.com or call NCS Parts at 1-800-283-7956
Cookies and Other Technology Information: A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a web site to give you a unique ID. We use Cookies and other technologies to track new visitors to this Site and recognize past customers so that we may present more personalized content. Cookies used by this Site do not contain any personally identifiable information. We cannot identify a customer unless that information is provided voluntarily. NOTE: If you configure your computer to block cookies, you may not be able to access certain Site functionality.
Unsubscribing from E-Mail Marketing: Each Site visitor can unsubscribe from receiving e-mail containing promotional offers from us simply by using the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of every email promotion.
Links: This Site contains links to other sites that are not owned, maintained, operated, or endorsed by or for NCS and not subject to the same Privacy and other Policies. We are not responsible for the content of those sites or the use of any information collected from you by those sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply any recommendation or sponsorship of such sites and we disclaim any liability for links: (i) from another website to this Site, and (ii) to another website from this Site. You should read the other site’s privacy policies to understand how personal information collected about you is used and protected.
Policy Updates: From time to time we may change our privacy policies because of changes in the relevant and applicable legal or regulatory requirements, changes in our business or business practices, or in our attempts to better serve our customers. Notice of any material changes in the manner in which we handle personally identifiable information under this policy will be provided on the Site with an updated revision date. Please check the Site periodically for updates. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted on the Site. By continuing to use the Site after we post any changes, you agree to the terms of the updated policy.
Content Disclaimer: The content of this website, including downloadable assets and other digital marketing materials, are for informational purposes only and does not constitute any legal, financial, or tax advice. Investments carry significant risk. You are expected to seek the advice of your own counsel and other professional advisors, especially with respect to any legal, regulatory, tax and accounting matters.
Questions: If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us by sending an email to: NCSparts.com