http://www.knowledgebeginnings.com/non-discrimination-policy.aspx
Find a Center
Programs
Teachers
Centers
Our Promise
Legal Information
Table of Contents
KinderCare Education Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice for Mobile App Users
Non-Discrimination Policy
Terms of Use
California Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
KinderCare Education Privacy Notice
Last Updated January 1, 2020
KinderCare aims to protect your privacy online the way we protect your family in person, with care and caution. We understand the need to protect and safeguard your sensitive information, and we maintain strict standards and procedures designed to prevent misuse of that information. This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) constitutes an agreement between you and KinderCare Education LLC, KinderCare® Learning Centers, CCLC®, Champions®, Knowledge Beginnings®, The Grove School®, Cambridge Schools™, Rainbow Childcare Center, or any other entity over which KinderCare Education LLC has control (collectively, “KinderCare,” “us,” “our,” or “we”) and is part of KinderCare’s Terms of Use.
This Privacy Notice explains the categories of information that we collect, how we use that information, and how it applies when you access or use our websites, mobile applications, and services, both online and offline (collectively, the “Site”). Your privacy is important, and we encourage you to read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand how we collect and use your information.
Consent. By accessing this Site, registering with KinderCare, creating a user profile on our Site, or submitting information to KinderCare, you consent to this Privacy Notice and the collection and use of information as described herein. We will take reasonable steps to notify you and confirm that you agree at different stages of collecting your information. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you may not be able to access or benefit from certain portions of this Site.
Personal Information. As used in this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device, such as:
identifiers (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address)
sensitive Personal Information (e.g., state identification number, insurance information, financial information)
protected classification information (e.g., race, citizenship, marital status, medical condition, sex, veteran or military status)
biometric information (e.g., biological characteristics, behavioral, fingerprints)
internet or other similar activity (e.g., browsing history)
employment-related information
Nonpublic educational information, including information protected under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
commercial information (e.g., products or services purchased, commercial tendencies)
Personal Information does not include (a) publicly available information; (b) aggregate information, meaning data we collect about your use of the Website or about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities or other Personal Information has been removed; or (c) deidentified information that cannot be easily linked back to the individual.
Lawful Basis. We will only collect your Personal Information (a) when applicable, with your consent; or (b) if we have a legitimate interest in doing so. We only collect Personal Information about children with consent from a parent or guardian, as discussed in more detail below.
How We Collect Your Personal Information. We collect Personal Information directly from you, from third parties, and automatically from your use of the Site. The types of Personal Information we collect about you and the manner of collection depends on how you interact with KinderCare, including the services, offers, and portions of our Site that you use. More specifically, we collect Personal Information:
When you communicate with us, with consent. We collect Personal Information directly from you with your consent when you contact KinderCare online, in person, or via telephone or mail, participate in one of our surveys, take a tour, or submit an inquiry at one of our locations, including:
Identifiers. We collect contact information, including your name, phone number, email address and marital status in order to communicate with you about our services, share schedules, menus, and other news, and to personalize those communications to you and your child.
User Generated Material. Some features of our Site permit you to post comments, photos, or other content, subject to our Terms of Use . It is your decision whether to use these features, and any Personal Information or other content you post is provided by you voluntarily.
When you register with KinderCare, with consent. When you fill out a KinderCare form, submit an enrollment agreement, or register to use the Family Connection parent portal, we will collect Personal Information about you and your child directly from you with your consent, including:
Identifiers; Employment-Related Information. We collect contact information and other identifiers, including emergency contact and release information for your child, your driver’s license and other state identification numbers, as well as your current employment information.
Subsidy Status. We may collect Personal Information about you or your child via state subsidy forms to determine eligibility for a state subsidy or discount program. We do not collect financial information in this manner.
Payment Information. KinderCare provides the option of paying for certain KinderCare services via the payment feature on Family Connection through a PCI-compliant payment processing Service Provider. However, KinderCare does not collect or maintain any Payment Information. To make online payments, you or someone you authorize to make payments on your account may use Family Connection to provide bank, credit card, or other payment-related information ("Payment Information”) to our payment processing Service Provider. Your Payment Information is only used for billing purposes and to provide services.
About your child directly from you, with consent. KinderCare must collect certain Personal Information about your child in order to provide you with the childcare services you request, including:
Identifiers. We collect your child’s name, age and date of birth, gender.
Biometrics. We collect certain limited biometric information about your child, including their height, weight, eye color, ethnicity, and distinguishing marks.
Health Information. We collect health information related to your child’s care needs including allergies, medications, medical care provider, and immunization history, to the extent this information is volunteered by a parent/guardian. We collect this information to ensure that your child receives safe and appropriate care.
KinderCare only collects Personal Information about children with consent from the child’s parent or guardian. Please note that some of the Personal Information we collect about children is essential to providing a safe and healthy environment for the children in our care. As such, if you refuse to provide us with certain Personal Information about your child, or later withdraw your consent for KinderCare to use certain Personal Information about your child, KinderCare may not be able to provide you with childcare services.
From your use of the HiMama Mobile App, with consent. KinderCare offers its families a mobile application (the “Mobile App”) powered by Hi Mama, Inc. (“HiMama”). If you choose to download and use the Mobile App, we may collect the following Personal Information:
Identifiers. We collect your name, email address and other identifiers to save your profile.
Photos and Videos. Childcare center staff may upload and share photos and videos of enrolled children, with limitations.
User Generated Material. You have the option to upload photos and videos and to post comments via the Mobile App.
Internet or Similar Network Activity. We collect information about your activity on Mobile App via the cookies that enable the Mobile App’s features.
For more information about the mobile application, please see KinderCare’s Privacy Notice for Mobile App Users . Please note that the mobile application is not owned by KinderCare and, as such, is governed by HiMama’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
From third parties, with a legitimate interest. Depending on your circumstances, KinderCare may receive Personal Information about you from certain third parties. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of making our services available to a broad array of customers. For example, we may receive Personal Information from:
Your Employer. If you are offered KinderCare services through your employer, we may receive employment-related information on your eligibility to use the services as well as identifiers like your contact information.
Government Agencies. If you are eligible for a childcare subsidy, we may receive Personal Information from government agencies related to your eligibility or reporting information.
Marketing Companies. From time to time we may work with marketing companies that provide us with contact information for individuals who have consented to receive marketing materials. You have the right to opt out of these communications at any time.
Automatically from your use of the Site, with a legitimate interest. We use website analytics and other technologies to collect internet or other similar network activity, including Personal Information and anonymous data, from your use of the Site. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of maintaining and improving the Site and our services. The information we collect in this manner may include:
Log Files. We use log files to automatically collect certain Personal Information including your Internet Protocol address, as well as anonymous technical information including data about your computer or other device, the type of browser or operating system your device uses, the programs, services, and version of software you use, and the address of any linking websites when you request a web page while visiting the Site.
Cookies. Like most commercial websites, we use cookies to track use of our Site. Please read our Cookie Notice
for more information about how we use cookies.
We may combine this information with the Personal Information you provide to us or merge it into aggregate information about Site visitors and traffic to analyze preferences, trends, and statistics.
How We Use Your Personal Information. We use your Personal Information for the purposes described at the time of collection and for other purposes with your consent and as permitted by law. Depending on your interactions with KinderCare, we may use your Personal Information:
To provide you with KinderCare services. We use your Personal Information to provide you with the KinderCare services you have requested. As part of providing such services, we may use this Personal Information to:
confirm your registration or enable you to use Family Connection and other Site features.
effectively communicate with you.
ensure that your child is receiving safe and appropriate care.
administer first aid and other medical care as necessary.
comply with licensing regulations and other legal requirements.
fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your information or provide your consent.
Text messages. By providing us with your wireless phone number, you consent to KinderCare sending you informational text messages related to your childcare services. You can unsubscribe from text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges. KinderCare does not send marketing communications by text message or engage in telemarketing activities.
For our direct marketing efforts. We may also use your Personal Information to communicate with you about our services that may be of interest to you in order to achieve our legitimate interest of direct marketing. As part of our direct marketing efforts, we may:
respond to inquiries we receive from you.
send you promotional messages, advertising, surveys, and other information that may be of interest to you.
provide you with other information from and about KinderCare or a business or organization with which we are associated.
Our direct marketing activities are based on your stated preferences or our profiling of your characteristics and preferences based on your interactions with the Site and information obtained from third parties. KinderCare will only contact you in ways compatible with your communication choices.
To create and maintain a trusted and safe childcare environment. KinderCare has a legitimate interest in creating and maintaining a trusted and safe childcare environment for its customers, their children, and KinderCare employees. To that end, KinderCare may use your Personal Information to:
detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity.
conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
comply with KinderCare’s legal obligations and licensing requirements.
protect your privacy, enforce this Privacy Notice, and KinderCare’s other policies.
if we believe it is necessary, identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to KinderCare, or to others.
To maintain and improve the security and functionality of the Site. We may process the Personal Information we collect automatically from your use of the Site to achieve our legitimate interest of maintaining and improving the security and functionality of the Site. We use this Personal Information to:
personalize your user experience on the Site.
ensure that our web pages appear and function properly.
determine which website referred you to our Site.
improve the Site, programs, products, services, and content.
improve the performance of our advertising on other websites.
send you service or support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications.
For other purposes as permitted by law. In addition to the specific uses and purposes described above, we might use information that we collect about you, including Personal Information, to:
notify you about changes to the Site.
protect our rights and property.
comply with a law, regulation, legal process or court order.
fulfill any other purpose with your consent.
This Site Is Not For Children. This Site is designed for use by adults, not children. KinderCare does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16 who may visit our Site, and we do not want to include any Personal Information about children in our databases without first obtaining parental consent. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features, register on the Site, or provide any Personal Information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or username you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 16 without verified parent or guardian consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, or if you become aware of any unauthorized submission of information to KinderCare, including children’s information, please contact KinderCare at privacy@kindercare.com or toll free at 1-833-KCE-PRIV (1-833-523-7748).
Security. KinderCare employs commercially appropriate and reasonable safeguards both online and offline to maintain the security, confidentiality, and integrity of Personal Information that we collect about you. KinderCare maintains internal policies to govern the collection, processing and handling of data, and restricts access to data to those employees who require such access to perform their job functions. We educate our employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy through standard operating procedures.
Data Security. We use encryption to protect information online, and the servers that store your Personal Information are housed in a secure environment. We update and test our technology to improve the protection of our information about you and to assure the integrity of that information. Even so, no security measure is 100% perfect. We cannot guarantee the security of your information and do not assume any responsibility for the unauthorized use or access to your information under our control.
When you to register with us, you will have an account name and password, and we will issue a unique account number to you. You will also register a sign-in/out code in connection with the enrollment of your child at our affiliated childcare centers. We will never ask you for your password. The safety and security of your Personal Information also depends on you, and you are responsible for keeping your password confidential. Also, remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit.
Disclosure. Vendors that provide us with various services (collectively, “Service Providers”) may have access to your Personal Information while they are performing their contractual obligations. We prohibit our Service Providers from selling or disclosing the Personal Information we provide, and we require all Service Providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
KinderCare does not sell Personal Information to third parties. However, from time to time, we may disclose Personal Information to third parties, in particular childcare center regulators or medical providers, for our bona fide business purposes. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information to third parties:
if we have your consent to share the information.
in an anonymized, deidentified or aggregated state.
to detect, prevent, or address fraud, security, or technical issues.
if we are required by federal, state, or local law to disclose the information or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities.
to exercise or defend our legal claims.
in the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of our assets—any Personal Information you provide us may be a part of the assets transferred.
KinderCare reserves the right to disclose aggregated information about our Site visitors and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
Behavioral Advertising. We allow some Service Providers to assist us with behavioral advertising by collecting and analyzing certain information when you visit our Site (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject clicked or scrolled over). These Service Providers typically use a cookie or third-party web beacon to collect this information.
Controlling Your Personal Information.
KinderCare provides you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information. In accordance with applicable law, your options to control your Personal Information may include:
correcting, updating, and deleting the Personal Information in your account.
changing the services in which you have enrolled.
changing your preferences for how and what about we communicate with you.
choosing whether to receive marketing communications from us, including promotions, surveys, and information about products and services that may be of interest to you.
how the cookies
we use interact with your browser.
resetting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest-based ads.
requesting access to the Personal Information we hold about you and requesting that we amend or delete it.
At any time, you may exercise any of these controls and choices, express concerns, lodge a complaint, or obtain additional information about the use of your Personal Information by contacting KinderCare at privacy@kindercare.com or toll free at 1-833-KCE-PRIV (1-833-523-7748).
You may also click the designated link at the bottom of any email you receive from KinderCare to be removed from future email updates. We may take up to five days to fulfill any requests to remove or update your contact information. Please note that, even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may need to contact you to address questions or issues specific to the services you have requested.
Notice to California Residents. Please read our California Privacy Notice
to learn more about the privacy rights available to California residents.
Do Not Track Signals. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers.
When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time KinderCare’s Site and applications do not respond to a Do Not Track signal in the HTTP header from your browser. For information about Do Not Track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
Social Networking. If you access our Site from social networking websites (e.g., Facebook or Twitter), or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with us with a social networking website, we may also receive Personal Information about you from such social networking website.
Our receipt of your Personal Information via a social networking website is governed by the terms of use and privacy policy of that website. We may retain this information with the information we collect from you directly.
Our Site may include buttons that link to social network websites. Your use of these social networks is entirely optional and subject to the privacy policy and terms of use of the social networking website you choose to use.
Third Party Websites. This Privacy Notice applies only to information collected by KinderCare. We may provide from our Site links to third-party websites as a service to our Site visitors, but we have no ability to control, and we are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of third-party websites. When you click on links that take you to external websites, you will be subject to their privacy notices and practices and not ours. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy notices of such websites before providing them with any information.
Terms of Use. KinderCare’s Terms of Use govern all matters not set forth in this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with our Terms of Use.
Changes to this Notice. KinderCare reserves the right to modify this Privacy Notice at any time by updating this posting without notice. All changes are effective immediately when posted and apply to all access to and use of the Site. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
For More Information. Please let us know if you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Notice or if you wish to exercise any of your rights over your Personal Information. You can contact us at privacy@kindercare.com or toll free at 1-833-KCE-PRIV (1-833-523-7748).
Back to top
Privacy Notice for Mobile App Users
KinderCare offers its families a mobile application, powered by Hi Mama Inc. (“HiMama”) (the “Mobile App”).
This Privacy Notice for Mobile App Users (“Notice for Mobile App Users”) is part of and incorporates KinderCare’s Privacy Notice and Terms of Use and applies to information collected when you use the Mobile App, create an account or register with the Mobile App, or submit your information through the Mobile App.
Please note that the Mobile App is not owned by KinderCare and, as such, is governed by HiMama’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Consent. By downloading the Mobile App, registering or creating a user profile on the Mobile App, or submitting information via the Mobile App, you acknowledge this Privacy Notice for Mobile App Users and HiMama’s Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection and use of information as described therein. If you do not agree with these policies and practices, you should not download the Mobile App. The Mobile App functions are only accessible to you if you register or create a user profile.
Data Collected. The Mobile App collects data from you and about you and your child as described in HiMama’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Childcare Information. The Mobile App collects and maintains information about your child’s educational experience from childcare center staff including daily reports, attendance, photos, and other information.
Information Collected from You. The Mobile App collects and maintains certain personal information (such as your name and email address) in order to save your profile, associated accounts, photos, and comments associated with it. The Mobile App uses cookies to enable these and any other login based features. You can block or delete the cookies, but this may affect your Mobile App user experience. The Mobile App also collects and maintains personal information from you depending on your use of the Mobile App, such as pictures or comments you upload in order to take advantage of certain Mobile App features, but your decision to utilize these features and provide such data is voluntary.
Anonymous Data. The Mobile App collects anonymous data from every Mobile App user to monitor traffic and fix bugs. This information may include web requests, the data sent in response to such requests, the Internet Protocol address, the browser type, the browser language, and a time stamp for the request.
You may view, change and remove your data associated with your profile. Should you choose to modify or delete your account, please contact KinderCare Family Support toll free at 888-525-2780 or via email at care@kindercare.com. You can also modify your notification preferences by clicking the appropriate link included in the footer of email notifications generated through the Mobile App.
Use of the Data. The Mobile App will use your data as described in HiMama’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. In general, the Mobile App uses your personal information to provide you with the Mobile App’s services, to communicate with you by email, phone, or other means about the Mobile App and KinderCare’s services, and to send you marketing communications.
Emails. As a Mobile App user, you may receive promotional emails relating to KinderCare, HiMama, or third parties that may interest you.
Text Messages. When you register or create a user profile on the Mobile App, HiMama will ask for your wireless number to allow KinderCare to send you informational text messages related to your childcare services. You can unsubscribe from text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Photos, Videos and Comments. One of the Mobile App’s features is the ability for childcare center staff to upload and share photos and videos of enrolled children, and the ability for parents and guardians to upload photos and videos and to post comments via the Mobile App. When childcare center staff use the photo or video feature, the Mobile App uses a tagging functionality to prompt the staff member to identify each child in the photo or video, whether alone or in a group setting, and allows the staff member to share the photo or video with the parents and guardians of identified children, as well as others the parent or guardian authorizes to receive updates via the Mobile App. If you register or create a user profile on the Mobile App, childcare center staff may take photos or videos of your child and share those photos or videos via the Mobile App, email or text message. If you prefer that photos or videos of your child not be shared with other Mobile App users, then you can request that childcare center staff only take photos or videos of your child, and do so singly and not in groups, and also only share those images with you. In this case, if childcare center staff identify your child (via tagging functionality) as appearing in a group photo or video, the Mobile App will alert the staff member to not share the photo or video with other Mobile App users. If this is your preference, please contact KinderCare Family Support toll free at 888-525-2780 or via email at care@kindercare.com, or email your KCE childcare Center Director. If you do not consent to your child appearing in any photos or videos and/or withdraw photo and video consent altogether, you should delete your Mobile App user account and inform your Center Director that you do not want your child to appear in individual or group photos or videos.
Sharing Your Data. Data collected by the Mobile App, including your personal information, will only be shared as described in this Mobile App Privacy Notice and the HiMama Privacy Policy. In general, this means your personal information may be shared as appropriate to carry out your request, to enforce the HiMama’s Privacy Policy or Terms of Service or a provision of KinderCare’s Privacy Notice or Terms of Use, to address fraud or security issues, or as otherwise legally permissible. Like many commercial apps, the Mobile App may use third-party analytics services to collect anonymous usage information for the purpose of product improvement.
Using the Mobile App. To use the Mobile App, you must have a compatible mobile telephone or handheld device, Internet access (if required by the Mobile App), and the necessary minimum specifications (“Software Requirements”) to use the Mobile App.
The Software Requirements for Apple iOS devices and Android OS devices can be found on the relevant App Store page.
The Mobile App software may be upgraded from time to time to add support for new functions and services.
The Mobile App may request certain privacy permissions from time to time including, but not limited to, access to your device camera or choosing images from your device or access to your device microphone and associated features.
You acknowledge that the terms of agreement with your respective mobile network provider will continue to apply when using the Mobile App. Data and messaging charges may apply to your use of the Mobile App or any text messaging or photo sharing features you use via the Mobile App. You may also incur third-party charges.
You accept responsibility for any such charges that arise.
If you are not the bill payer for the mobile telephone or handheld device being used to access the Mobile App, you will be assumed to have received permission from the bill payer for using the Mobile App.
The Mobile App is currently made available to you for your personal (noncommercial) use and may be amended or withdrawn, or the Mobile App or services may incur a charge, at any time and for any reason.
Children Under 16. The Mobile App is not intended for use by children under 16 years of age. KinderCare does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 who may download or use the Mobile App, and does not want to include any such information in our customer databases without first obtaining parental consent. If you are under 16, do not use the Mobile App or provide any information, make purchases, or use interactive features via the Mobile App.
Any personal information entered by a child under 16 without verification of parental consent will be deleted if discovered.
Your Rights. You have the right to submit a complaint or object to the Mobile App’s collection and use of your information at any time, or to require the review, transmission, change, or deletion of your personal information. You may also have the right to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information collected via the Mobile App to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You can exercise these rights, express concerns, or obtain additional information about the use of your personal information by e-mail at support@HiMama.com or toll free at (800) 905-1876 or by contacting KinderCare Family Support at 1-888-525-2780 or via email at care@kindercare.com.
Back to top
Non-Discrimination Policy
At KinderCare Education, we believe every child is a unique individual with varying needs, and we welcome the diversity that brings to our centers. All children deserve to be full members of their communities, to have the opportunity to learn and grow, and to experience a sense of belonging. Talk with the Center Director about your child’s strengths and ways your child may need additional support before you enroll. If you have information or documentation about your child’s needs, just let us know.
Having it helps us provide the best possible care. Together, we will do our best to find positive solutions that support your child’s safety, happiness, and health.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the enrollment or care of your child, please contact your Center Director or Customer Care at (888) 525-2780.
For more information, or to request modifications, the Inclusion Services team can be reached through your Center or Site Director or through our Family Support Team. Our Family Support Team can be reached during Monday-Friday 6:00 AM – 5:00 PM PST at 888-525-2780.
Individualized Diabetes Care Plan
USDA Nondiscrimination (English)
This institution is prohibited from discriminating on the basis of race, color, national origin, disability, age, sex and in some cases religion or political beliefs. The U.S. Department of Agriculture also prohibits discrimination based on race, color, national origin, sex, religious creed, disability, age, political beliefs or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA. Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g. Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.), should contact the Agency (State or local) where they applied for benefits.
Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.
Additionally, program information may be made available in languages other than English.
To file a program complaint of discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, (AD-3027), found online at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, and at any USDA office, or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992.
Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:
(1) mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights 1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, D.C. 20250-9410
(2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or
(3) email: program.intake@usda.gov.
For any other information dealing with Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) issues, persons should either contact the USDA SNAP Hotline Number at (800) 221-5689, which is also in Spanish or call the State Information/Hotline Numbers (click the link for a listing of hotline numbers by State); found online at: http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/contact_info/hotlines.htm. To file a complaint of discrimination regarding a program receiving Federal financial assistance through the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), write: HHS Director, Office for Civil Rights, Room 515-F, 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201 or call (202) 619-0403 (voice) or (800) 537-7697 (TTY).
This institution is an equal opportunity provider.
USDA Nondiscrimination (Spanish)
De conformidad con la Ley Federal de Derechos Civiles y los reglamentos y políticas de derechos civiles del Departamento de Agricultura de los EE. UU. (USDA, por sus siglas en inglés), se prohíbe que el USDA, sus agencias, oficinas, empleados e instituciones que participan o administran programas del USDA discriminen sobre la base de raza, color, nacionalidad, sexo, discapacidad, edad, o en represalia o venganza por actividades previas de derechos civiles en algún programa o actividad realizados o financiados por el USDA.
Las personas con discapacidades que necesiten medios alternativos para la comunicación de la información del programa (por ejemplo, sistema Braille, letras grandes, cintas de audio, lenguaje de señas americano, etc.), deben ponerse en contacto con la agencia (estatal o local) en la que solicitaron los beneficios. Las personas sordas, con dificultades de audición o discapacidades del habla pueden comunicarse con el USDA por medio del Federal Relay Service [Servicio Federal de Retransmisión] al (800) 877-8339. Además, la información del programa se puede proporcionar en otros idiomas.
Para presentar una denuncia de discriminación, complete el Formulario de Denuncia de Discriminación del Programa del USDA, (AD-3027) que está disponible en línea en: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html y en cualquier oficina del USDA, o bien escriba una carta dirigida al USDA e incluya en la carta toda la información solicitada en el formulario. Para solicitar una copia del formulario de denuncia, llame al (866) 632-9992. Haga llegar su formulario lleno o carta al USDA por:
(1) correo: U.S. Department of Agriculture
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, D.C. 20250-9410
(2) fax: (202) 690-7442; o
(3) correo electrónico: program.intake@usda.gov.
Esta institución es un proveedor que ofrece igualdad de oportunidades.
Back to top
Terms of Use
The below Terms of Use (“Terms”) are a binding contract between you and KinderCare Education LLC and its affiliates, corporate parent(s), and subsidiaries, including but not limited to KinderCare® Learning Centers, CCLC®, Champions®, Knowledge Beginnings®, The Grove School®, Cambridge Schools™, Rainbow Child Care Center, and any other entity over which KinderCare Education LLC has control (collectively, “KinderCare,” “us,” “our,” or “we”).
These Terms, together with our Privacy Notice , govern your use of our our websites, mobile applications, and services (collectively, the “Site”). Any terms we use in these Terms of Use without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Privacy Notice. Please note that additional, separate terms may apply to our services and programs.
THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND AN ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT GOVERNS ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND KINDERCARE.
Acceptance. To access, browse, or use our Site, you must agree to be unconditionally bound by these Terms. You can accept the Terms by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms where this option is made available to you in any agreement, electronic form, or the user interface for any service we offer, or by actually using the Site. These Terms will remain in effect while you use the Site. If you do not agree and accept these Terms, you may not use the Site, and you should immediately cease all usage of this Site. You must be of legal age and capacity to form a binding contract in order to accept the Terms. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these Terms or the Site, please contact us at privacy@kindercare.com or toll free at 1-833-KCE-PRIV (1-833-523-7748).
Consent to Do Business Online. By accessing our Site, registering with KinderCare, or typing your name into any of our electronic forms and indicating your acceptance or submission of information by clicking a box, you consent to (a) KinderCare communicating with you electronically; (b) receiving all applications, notices, disclosures and authorizations (collectively, “Records”) from us electronically; and (c) entering into agreements and transactions using electronic Records and signatures. Please note that federal law treats electronic signatures as having the same legal force and effect as if they were signed on paper by hand, and online contracts have the same legal force as signing an equivalent paper contract in ink. We will use electronic documents for all communications, agreements, disclosures, authorizations and other documents necessary to provide you with the Site. You must have a computer or other web-enabled device, connection to the internet, an active email account, and the ability to receive and read PDF files (such as Adobe® Acrobat® Reader) to conduct business with us electronically. You agree to be responsible for keeping your own Records. You may print or download Records from the Site and keep them for your own reference. If you require assistance with your Records or if you wish to receive records in paper format or to withdraw your consent to receiving electronic records from us, please contact us at privacy@kindercare.com. Agreements and transactions executed prior to this request will remain valid and enforceable.
Registration. The Site offers features that allow you to register for KinderCare’s programs and services. For example, you may use our Site to enroll your child in one of our childcare programs, set up an account or sign up for electronic payments on our Family Connection
parent portal.
If you register with us online, you will receive an email from KinderCare confirming that you have completed the registration process. If you do not receive an email from us within a reasonable time period after you register, please contact us at 1-877-778-2090. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you are responsible for all matters relating to your account and password.
Communications from KinderCare. We may use your contact information to communicate with you about your use of our Site. For example, we may send you service announcements or administrative communications by email, phone, mail, or other means. We may send you marketing communications by email or mail. You understand that you receive these communications as part of your use of the Site. As part of our policy to provide you total privacy, we also provide you the option to opt out from receiving marketing communications from KinderCare. However, you will not be able to opt out from receiving service announcements and administrative messages.
Texting Consent. By providing us with your wireless phone number, you consent to KinderCare sending you informational text messages related to the products, services, or information you have requested from us. You can unsubscribe from text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Mobile Applications. KinderCare offers its families a mobile application powered by HiMama, Inc. (“HiMama”). The mobile application is currently made available to you free of charge for your personal (noncommercial) use. Please note that the mobile application is not owned by KinderCare and, as such, is governed by HiMama’s Privacy Policy
and Terms of Service . For more information about the mobile application, please see KinderCare’s Privacy Notice for Mobile App Users .
Site Contents and Ownership. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, the information contained on this Site, including but not limited to all images, illustrations, designs, photographs, video clips, text, icons, designs, written information, and other materials that appear on the Site are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed (collectively, the “Contents”) by KinderCare and its affiliates, or are the property of their respective owners and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws and conventions.
The names and logos for KinderCare Education LLC, KinderCare® Learning Centers, CCLC®, Champions®, Knowledge Beginnings®, The Grove School®, Cambridge Schools™, Rainbow Child Care Center, and any other entity over which KinderCare Education LLC has control are registered marks of KinderCare Education LLC.
Some of the marks on our Site are registered trademarks or service marks owned by us or by our affiliates in the United States and other countries. Various other trademarks and service marks used on our Site are the property of their respective owners, and we use them with their consent. KinderCare and the other licensors of the marks on our Site reserve all rights with respect to all Contents.
The absence of a name or logo on the Site does not constitute a waiver of any intellectual property rights established in any of our Contents. The collection and compilation of the Contents are separately protected and copyrighted works owned exclusively by KinderCare.
Reports. KinderCare may, from time to time, deidentify the Personal Information (“Deidentified Information”) that we collect about you and combine it with others’ Deidentified Information in order to generate reports and studies. KinderCare uses these reports and studies for internal purposes only. Any such reports or studies are the sole and exclusive property of KinderCare. You hereby assign any rights you may have to such reports, studies, and your Deidentified Information contained therein to KinderCare in perpetuity throughout the world for any and all present or future uses in any and all languages and for no compensation. All Deidentified Information will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary. KinderCare shall be under no obligation of any kind with respect to such Deidentified Information and shall be free to reproduce, make derivative works from, use, disclose, and distribute the Reports to others without limitation. Additionally, KinderCare may use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in generating reports or studies for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, or marketing products incorporating such information.
Your Use of the Site. As a user of the Site, you have a revocable, nontransferable, nonexclusive license to access the Site, view information contained on the Site, and interact with the Site solely for your own personal use. You may not use the Site for any commercial purpose (other than for transacting business with KinderCare) or for any unlawful or wrongful purpose. You agree not to rent, retransmit, disclose, publish, sell, assign, lease, sublicense, market or transfer the Site or any portion of it (including the Content) or use it in any manner not expressly authorized by these Terms of Use. You further agree not to copy, reverse engineer, translate, port, modify or make derivative works of any portion of the Site. Tampering with the Site, conducting fraudulent activities on the Site and all other illegal activities are prohibited and may subject a user to legal action.
By using the Site and its features, you represent and warrant that (a) any information you submit to us is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of that information; and (c) your use of our Site and its features does not violate any applicable law, rule or regulation. Any information that you provide to us will also be subject to our Privacy Notice.
KinderCare may grant third parties the right to “link” to the Site if the third party makes its request in writing.
All third parties that have been granted rights to “link” to the Site must use the URL linking mechanism supplied by KinderCare. Any alteration, change, modification, adjustment or revision to a “link” must be approved by KinderCare in writing prior to implementation.
User Generated Material. If and to the extent that the Site accepts user generated material, Site visitors may have the opportunity to publish, transmit, submit or otherwise post comments, photos, or other materials on the Site (“User Generated Material”) that may be accessible and viewable by the public or other Site visitors. With respect to any User Generated Material posted by you, you represent that (i) you created and own the rights to the content, or you have the owner’s express permission to post such content; and (ii) the content does not infringe any other person’s or entity’s rights (including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks or privacy rights) or violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations, these Terms, or any of our other posted policies. Additionally, User Generated Material must not:
contain any material that is false, defamatory, libelous, obscene, harassing, threatening, discriminatory, bigoted, hateful, violent, vulgar, profane, pornographic or otherwise offensive, inappropriate, damaging, unlawful, disruptive or harmful;
violate KinderCare’s or any other person’s or entity’s legal rights, contain any material that could give rise to civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations, or otherwise promote, advocate or assist any illegal activity or unlawful act;
create or threaten harm to any person or loss or damage to property;
include others’ Personal Information, such as their address, phone number, email address, social security number, financial information, or any other information that may be used to track, contact, or impersonate that individual;
infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, contract, or other intellectual property or other proprietary rights of KinderCare or any other person;
seek to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for Personal Information or otherwise;
misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization, including KinderCare;
seek to collect others’ email addresses, usernames, or passwords by any means for any purpose;
seek to transmit chain letters, bulk or junk email, whether automated or not, or to interfere with, disrupt or create an undue burden on KinderCare or the networks or services connected to the Site, or to install or attempt to install or promote spyware, malware or other computer code on our computers or equipment or the computers or equipment of third parties;
relate to commercial activities such as contests, sweepstakes, or other sales promotions, barter, advertising or offers of sale or purchase of goods and services; or
be otherwise objectionable or nonfamily-friendly as determined by KinderCare at our sole discretion.
Please choose carefully the information that you post on the Site and that you give to other users. We discourage you from publicly posting information that identifies you or allows strangers to find you or to steal your identity. You are solely responsible for your User Generated Material and the consequences of posting it online. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through the Site, and, to the extent that the law permits, you release us from any claims or liability related to any User Generated Material posted on the Site and from any claims related to the conduct of any other users.
We may refuse, alter, or remove User Generated Material without notice for any reason at our sole discretion, including our belief that the User Generated Material may violate these Terms or is otherwise objectionable. We do not endorse any User Generated Material, and the User Generated Material posted does not reflect our opinions, views or advice. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any User Generated Material that you or any other user or third party posts or sends on or through the Site, nor do we assume any liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party.
We reserve the right but have no obligation to monitor, review, screen, post, remove, reject, modify or store User Generated Material at any time and for any reason without notice. We also reserve the right to take any action regarding disputes between you and any other user and shall have no liability for your interactions or any disputes with other users or for any user’s action or inaction. You are solely responsible for your conduct on the Site and your interactions with other users.
Restrictions to Your Use of the Site. Accessing the Site does not authorize you to use any Contents in any manner other than specifically authorized by these Terms.
You do not have permission to copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post electronically or mechanically, transmit, record, mirror, photocopy, or reproduce any of the Contents without the prior written permission of KinderCare or the applicable owner. You may only display, download, and print in hard copy format the Contents for the purposes of using the Site as an internal or personal business resource.
No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with any of the Contents. You may not use our Contents for any purpose not expressly stated in these Terms of Use, including in any way that might confuse or that disparages us. Rights or a license to use any of our marks may only be granted in a formal written license agreement signed by one of our duly authorized officers. No other person or agent is authorized to grant any rights or to authorize the use of any of our marks. Any such attempted grant or related promise or guidance is invalid. The permissions described herein will terminate automatically if you breach any of these Terms of Use.
Any other use of the Contents on this Site including reproduction for purposes other than as noted above, and including any reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication may violate copyright or trademark laws, and, without the prior written permission of KinderCare, is strictly prohibited.
Site Security. You are strictly prohibited from violating or trying to violate the security features of the Site, such as by:
accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account that you are not authorized to access.
attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures unless we expressly authorize that you do so in writing.
attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, such as by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing” or “crashing.”
sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting.
You hereby agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or try to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site. You further agree not to use or try to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Site other than the search engine and search agents that we make available on this Site and other than the generally available third-party web browsers.
If you violate our system or network security, you may face civil or criminal liability. We will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations. We may involve or cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
Links to Other Websites. Links to websites from the Site are provided solely for your convenience. KinderCare is not responsible for the content of any other websites, nor do we make any representations about the content or accuracy of material on any other websites. Inclusion of any linked website on our Site does not imply KinderCare’s approval or endorsement of the website. If you click through to another website, you do so at your own risk. Please be aware that when you click on links that take you to external websites, you will be subject to their privacy policies and practices and not ours. We strongly encourage you to read their privacy notices. Any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any hyperlink thereto, should be directed to the website’s owner or operator.
Disclaimer of Warranty. KINDERCARE IS PROVIDING THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT ON AN “AS IS” BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT AS TO THE SITE OR ITS OPERATION OR CONTENT.
ALTHOUGH WE BELIEVE THE CONTENT TO BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, AND CURRENT, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE ON THE SERVICES IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT. KINDERCARE CANNOT GUARANTEE OUR SITE’S AVAILABILITY AND DO NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF OUR SITE.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR FREE OR VIRUS FREE. YOU USE OUR SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
USE OF ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH, RESULTING FROM USE OF OUR SITE, FROM THE CONDUCT OF ANY USERS (WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE), OR OTHERWISE. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER, SOFTWARE, MODEM, TELEPHONE OR OTHER PROPERTY RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) OUR SITE. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO ACCESS INFORMATION THROUGH THE SITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM KINDERCARE, ITS OFFICERS, ITS EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL KINDERCARE OR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON RELATED TO OR ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, DATA, PROFITS OR GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ANY ACTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTIONS, ALL ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, COPYING, OR DISPLAY OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE.
THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CLAIMS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, DEFAMATION, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATION, PRODUCTS LIABILITY, VIOLATIONS OF LAW (INCLUDING REGULATIONS), NEGLIGENCE, AND OTHER TORTS, AS WELL AS THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS.
Without limiting the foregoing provisions or the provisions of our Privacy Notice or any other agreement between you and KinderCare, the limit on total cumulative liability owed by KinderCare to you or any person for any claims arising form or relating to the Site shall be limited to a maximum of the amount you have paid KinderCare for our services in the last 12 months.
Indemnification. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD US, OUR SUBSIDIARIES AND OUR AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES HARMLESS FROM ANY LOSS, LIABILITY, COST, EXPENSE, CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR DEMAND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES, DUE OR RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF (I) YOUR USE OF OUR SITE IN VIOLATION OF OUR TERMS, (II) YOUR BREACH OF OUR TERMS, OR (III) ANY BREACH OF YOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN OUR TERMS.
Privacy Notice. You acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Notice. You may review our Privacy Notice at any time by visiting our Site and clicking on the Privacy Notice link on each Site.
Terms of Use Revisions. KinderCare reserves the right to revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting without prior notice. If we revise these Terms of Use, we will notify you the next time you visit our website via a pop-up notification. You agree that in the event any portion of these Terms of Use are found to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect and the otherwise unenforceable portion shall be amended so as to be enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law. You agree to be bound by any such revisions. You are advised to periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use.
Assignment. You may not assign, delegate, or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Site accounts in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without prior written consent from KinderCare. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent.
Governing Law. KinderCare controls and operates this Site from its offices within the United States. Claims relating to, including the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Oregon. If you choose to access this Site from another location, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Dispute Resolution. Our Terms will be construed, and their performance enforced, under the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to conflicts of law principles. Any dispute relating to our Terms or the Site shall be litigated only in a court having jurisdiction and venue in Multnomah County, Oregon, for state court causes of action and in the District of Oregon for federal court causes of action.
By using our Site, each user expressly consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. We may assign our Terms, in whole or in part, to an affiliated entity or to a third party without notice to our users. Any dispute or claim relating to or arising out of the Terms must be submitted to nonbinding mediation prior to the commencement of arbitration, litigation, or any other proceeding before a trier of fact. The parties agree to act in good faith in any such mediation and to identify a mutually acceptable mediator. If a mediator cannot be agreed upon by the parties, each party shall designate a mediator, and those mediators shall select a third mediator who shall act as the neutral mediator to assist the parties in attempting to reach a resolution. All parties to the mediation shall share equally in its costs.
Class Action Waiver. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT AGAINST KINDERCARE RELATED TO ANY CLAIM, DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY, AND, WHERE APPLICABLE, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO OPT OUT OF ANY CLASS PROCEEDING AGAINST KINDERCARE OTHERWISE COMMENCED.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in effect.
Back to top
California Privacy Notice
This California Privacy Notice supplements the information contained in KinderCare’s Privacy Notice
and applies solely to Site visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“Consumers”). We adopted this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Please note that certain exemptions and limitations apply to your rights and KinderCare’s obligations under the CCPA. These rights and requirements may not apply in certain situations depending on your relationship with KinderCare, our other legal obligations, or as otherwise provided in the CCPA.
Personal Information We Collect. KinderCare collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or device (“Personal Information”). The specific pieces of Personal Information we collect from a given consumer depends on how that consumer interacts with KinderCare. As a general matter, KinderCare has collected the following categories of Personal Information from Consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, state identification number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, signature, address, telephone number, state identification number, insurance policy number, education, employment information, financial information, medical or health insurance information.
Note that some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, citizenship, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), veteran or military status.
YES
D. Commercial information
Records of products or services purchased or considered, other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information
Behavioral information, biological characteristics, fingerprints, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES
F. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information
Current or past job history or contact information.
YES
J. Nonpublic education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Pt 99))
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
YES
K. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Personal Information does not include (i) deidentified or aggregated Consumer information, (ii) publicly available information from government records, or (iii) information protected by certain federal privacy laws and subject to an exclusion under the CCPA.
Sources for the Personal Information We Collect. We collect the Personal Information described above from the following sources:
Directly from you. The Personal Information we collect directly from you depends on your interactions with KinderCare, such as when you communicate with us, register to use the Family Connection parent portal, enroll your child in our services, fill out a form, or submit an inquiry to KinderCare.
Indirectly from you. We collect certain Personal Information automatically from your use of the Site or the HiMama mobile application.
Third parties. As described in more detail below.
Use of Personal Information. Depending on your interactions with KinderCare, we may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect about you for one or more of the following business purposes:
to provide you with our services, which includes, but is not limited to, confirming your registration to use Family Connection and other Site features, communicating with you, ensuring that your child is receiving safe and appropriate care, and complying with licensing regulations and other legal requirements.
for our direct marketing efforts, including when we send you marketing communications about our services that may be of interest to you, respond to your inquiries, and send you promotional messages, advertising, surveys, and other information that may be of interest to you.
to create and maintain a trusted and safe childcare environment (e.g., to detect and prevent fraud, abuse, or security incidents, conduct security investigations and risk assessments, enforce our policies, or comply with our legal obligations and licensing requirements).
to maintain and improve the security and functionality of the Site by processing the Personal Information we collect automatically from your use of the Site. We use this information to personalize your user experience; ensure that our web pages appear and function properly; improve the Site, programs, products, services, advertising, and content; and perform other functions.
for other purposes as permitted by law, such as notifying you about changes to the Site; protecting our rights and property; complying with a law, regulation, legal process or court order; or fulfilling any other purpose with your consent.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you.
Disclosing Personal Information. KinderCare may disclose Personal Information for a bona fide business purpose to the following categories of Third Parties:
childcare center regulators.
medical providers.
law enforcement, regulatory and other governmental agencies.
service providers or third parties.
parent entities, affiliates and subsidiaries.
cookie
information recipients, subject to their respective privacy notices.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, KinderCare has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
identifiers.
California Customer Records Personal Information categories.
protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
commercial information.
biometric information.
internet or other similar network activity.
professional or employment related information.
No Sale of Personal Information. KinderCare has not sold Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months. If KinderCare ever chooses to sell Personal Information, you would have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information.
Your Rights and Choices. The CCPA provides Consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. The following paragraphs describe your CCPA rights and explain how to exercise those rights. Each of these rights is subject to our receipt of your verifiable consumer request (see Submit a Consumer Privacy Request).
Right to Disclosure. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months, such as:
the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you.
the categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you.
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
the categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
if we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing (i) sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
KinderCare is only required to respond to two disclosure requests within a 12-month period.
Right to Access. You have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). If you submit a right to access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested pieces of Personal Information in a portable and readily usable format. Please note that KinderCare is prohibited by law from disclosing copies of certain pieces of Personal Information (e.g., government identification numbers, financial account information, and passwords or security questions and answers) because the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our business systems, or your account. KinderCare is only required by law to respond to two access requests within a 12-month period.
Right to Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the Personal Information is necessary for KinderCare or our Service Providers to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
comply with a legal obligation.
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Submit a Consumer Privacy Request. To exercise any of the above rights, please submit a verifiable consumer privacy request to KinderCare:
using our online Consumer Privacy Request.
by email at privacy@kindercare.com.
toll free at 1-833-KCE-PRIV (1-833-523-7748).
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information unless we can verify your identity and your authority to make the request and confirm that the Personal Information relates to you. A verifiable consumer privacy request must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
You do not have to register with KinderCare to make a verifiable consumer privacy request. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer privacy request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
KinderCare’s Response. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of receipt. If we require more time, we will notify you in writing of the reason and extension period. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of the verifiable consumer request. If we cannot comply with part or all of your request, we will explain the reasons in our response.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer privacy request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Authorized Agent. You may make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. Otherwise, only you, or a person you have designated in writing as your authorized agent or who is registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf, or to whom you have provided power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465 (“Authorized Agent”) may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. If you wish to have an Authorized Agent make a verifiable consumer request on your behalf, they will need to provide us with sufficient written proof that you have designated them as your Authorized Agent, and we will still require you to provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information.
Nondiscrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not do any of the following as a result of your having exercised your right under the CCPA:
deny you goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 entitles California residents to ask us for a notice that identifies the categories of Personal Information we share with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and provides contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and you would like to request a copy of this Privacy Notice, please contact us at privacy@kindercare.com with the subject line “Request for California Privacy Information.”
Changes to this California Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to amend this California Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this notice, we will post the updated notice on our website and update the effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information. If you have any questions or comments about this California Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Information, or your choices and rights regarding such use, or if you wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us:
using our online Consumer Privacy Request.
by email at privacy@kindercare.com.
toll free at 1-833-KCE-PRIV (1-833-523-7748).
Back to top
Cookie Notice
This Cookie Notice is an agreement between you and KinderCare Education LLC, KinderCare® Learning Centers, CCLC®, Champions®, Knowledge Beginnings®, The Grove School®, Cambridge Schools™, Rainbow Childcare Center, or any other entity over which KinderCare Education LLC has control (collectively, “KinderCare”, “us”, “our,” or “we”) and, as part of the KinderCare Terms of Use
and Privacy Notice , specifically explains how KinderCare deploys cookies, as well as the options you have to control them.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. Cookies are used to recognize your device and to store your preferences. Some cookies store your preferences for a single visit, while others store your preferences for multiple repeat visits. Cookies may be set by the website that you are visiting or by third parties to serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the Site.
Where We Place Cookies
We set cookies on KinderCare.com, DiscoverChampions.com, KC-Education.com, KnowledgeBeginnings.com, groveschool.com, cambridgepreschools.com and other websites we own or operate. We may also place cookies in the emails we send to our customers or Site users to track when the email is opened.
Types of Cookies
The table below explains the types of cookies we use on our Site and why we use them.
Category
Cookies
Purpose
Strictly Necessary cookies ensure that the website works as intended. KinderCare uses these cookies to authenticate website users and assist with logins, store session information, and are necessary to process online payments
__RequestVerificationToken
Anti-forgery cookie designed to stop unauthorized posting of content to a website (Microsoft).
_dc_gtm_UA-564853-1
Loads scripts and code into a page (Google Tag Manager).
Functionality cookies to monitor and enhance your browsing experience. These cookies help us to identify errors and other issues users may face when using the Site and provides insight into Site performance. For example, we use an identification and login cookies to identify website users, keep users logged into their sessions, and we use tracking cookies to track users as they explore the website.
test_cookie
Determines if a user’s browser supports cookies (DoubleClick).
SC_EXPVIEW
Anonymously stores whether the Sitecore Experience View Mode is enabled (SiteCore).
PREF
Stores user preferences for YouTube Videos embedded in websites; expires after 8 months (YouTube).
lang
Stores language preferences to serve content in a user’s stored language (Twitter).
LPVID; LPSID-14673713; LPSessionID
Enables website owners to add online chat functionality to communicate directly with visitors; expires after 2 years (LivePerson).
ASP.NET_SessionId
Maintains an anonymized user session by the server (Microsoft).
_hjid
Measures how users interact with the website; expires after 11 months (Hotjar).
__ssid
Enabled embedded videos from Vimeo; expires after 1 year (Vimeo).
X-Mapping-binhkodc
Routes data and page requests to the correct server where a site is hosted on multiple servers (Riverbed).
__unam
Keep users logged in and track their sessions (Pardot).
dtSa
Provides intermediate storage for page-spanning actions (Dynatrace).
dtCookie
Tracks a visit across multiple requests (Dyntrace).
LOGIN_INFO
Enables embedded videos (YouTube).
PREF
Enables embedded videos (YouTube).
YSC
Enables embedded videos (YouTube).
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Stores users’ YouTube preferences (YouTube).
NSC_wt_ipsjapow1_9001
Persistent cookie ensures that user connections route to the same service in a given application (NetScaler).
Analytics cookies collect and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors. KinderCare uses a variety of cookies to help us understand how users engage with our website.
_gid
Tracks the performance of Google Advertising via anonymized data about user interaction with advertisements; expires after 24 hours (Google Analytics).
_gat
Tracks user activity and runs statistics (Google Analytics).
_ga
Tracks user activity and runs statistics; expires after 2 years (Google Analytics).
_gcl_au
Analyzes user interactions with website; expires after 2 months (Google Analytics).
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE
Analyzes user behavior and website performance by collecting user interactions with the website and technical information, and associates the users IP address with a geographic location using a unique, anonymous ID. If a user fills out a form on the website, the user profile becomes associated with the form data; expires after 10 years (SiteCore).
dtCookie
Tracks a visit across multiple requests (Dyntrace).
MUIDB
Collects data about user visits on multiple websites to analyze the efficiency advertisements; expires after 1 year ((Universal Event Tracking (Bing UET)).
GPS
Registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical location (YouTube).
_hjIncludedInSample
Detects whether a given user is included in the sample used to generate Heatmaps, Funnels, Recordings, etc. (Hotjar).
_vwo_ds; _vwo_uuid; _vwo_uuid_v2
Measures website performance; expires between 2 months and 9 years (Visual Website Optimizer).
_vis_opt_s
Detects new versus returning website users; expires after 3 months (Visual Website Optimizer).
Analytics_Campaign
Contains records representing campaigns and their settings (Kentico).
Advertising cookies can be used to personalize and measure the effectiveness of advertising on the website and other sites. For example, KinderCare may serve you a personalized advertisement based on the pages you visit on our website.
test_cookie
Determines if a user’s browser supports cookies (DoubleClick).
Various Facebook cookies that may change from time to time including, for example, fr or_fbp
Tracks performance of Facebook advertising and user behavior across websites to personalize, measure and improve advertisements (Facebook).
personalization_id
Integrates social media sharing features and tracks and stores information about users’ website use to provide targeted advertisements (Twitter).
Tuuid; IUUID
Identifies potential B2B contacts with interest in KinderCare@Work services (Demandbase).
ouuid; ouuid_lu
Collects information from partially completed electronic forms for use in email advertising campaigns (Ve Interactive).
tuuid; tuuid_lu
Stores a unique ID to track advertisements viewed by individual users and determining how often users will see a given banner (BidSwitch).
ud; EE
Stores information about users' visit to provide customized targeted advertisements (exelator.com).
IDE
Stores information about users’ interaction with the website to present users with relevant advertisements (Google Doubleclick).
MUID
Synchronizes user IDs across Microsoft domains to enable user tracking (Microsoft).
TDCPM; TDID
Stores a unique ID to identify a returning user’s device to deliver targeted advertising (CloudFare).
ONPLFTRH; mako_uid
Collects data about a user’s visit to the website to create a user profile to provide targeted advertising and marketing (ps.eyeota.net).
_cc_cc; _cc_aud; _cc_id
Collects anonymous statistical information about website visitors to segment audiences based on the location, demographic, and interests and to provide relevant content and targeted advertisements (crwdcntrl.net).
c
Advertising platform cookie (Rubicon Project).
bku; bkdc; bkpa
Stores anonymized and aggregated data about users' website use to build a profile to provide targeted and relevant marketing and advertising; expires after 5 months (Bluekai).
pxcelPage_c010
Enables the user to share pages and links through a number of popular social networking services and email using the ShareThis sharing service (ShareThis).
UserMatchHistory
Tracks visitors on multiple websites to present relevant advertisement based on their preferences; expires after 1 month (LinkedIn).
Security cookies help identify and prevent potential security risks.
SIDCC
Secures user data from unauthorized access (Google).
rxVisitor
Persistent cookie is used for security analysis to detect unusual patterns of activity to better understand the nature of the activity and potential as a threat to the website (Dyntrace).
Back to top
Site Map | Privacy Policy | Legal Information
© 2020 KinderCare Education
Contact Us | Join Our Team | About Knowledge Beginnings