http://www.bookkeepinghelp.com/privacy-policy.asp
BookkeepingHelp.com provides information that you can use right now.
Small business professionals who are ready to work with you.
THE "REAL PEOPLE" BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Accounting, Bookkeeping & Tax Services
in the U.S. and Canada
Privacy
BookkeepingHelp.com employs the following privacy policy
What we know about our site visitors:  As a site visitor, other than what kind of computer
you have, and which browser or ISP you're using, we know practically nothing about you. We have
no way of knowing any vital information about you - not even your name. We collect general information
for statistical purposes to perform analyses of user behavior in order to measure customer interest
in the various areas of our site.
We may enable "cookies." A "cookie" is a file placed on your personal computer's hard drive by
a Web site that allows it to monitor your use of the site. Cookies can't do anything malicious,
and they cannot send us any personal information about you.
You are not required to give us personal information to visit our site. We collect no personally
identifiable information unless specifically provided by you.
Advertiser sites linked on BookkeepingHelp.com may have different privacy practices and we encourage
you to read their privacy policies.
Sending email through this site:  We provide email addresses for advertisers on this site for the purpose of initiating contact with these advertisers.
Email addresses (@bookkeepinghelp.com) are the property of BookkeepingHelp.com, Inc and
its companies, and not the property of its advertisers / members.
We maintain certain SPAM and other mail filters.  Email sent through this website
may be flagged or forwarded by software, and may be viewed by BookkeepingHelp.com employees and/or
its contractors and vendors.  As such, it is advised that personal information be limited
when sending email through this site. Specifically, we discourage users from
providing private information, such as social security numbers, financial records, and other information
that may be confidential or privileged (such as an attorney-client privilege).
Personal information you provide will be used only in connection with BookkeepingHelp.com services,
its advertisers, as required by law for legal investigation, or for such other purposes described
at the point of collection.
SEARCH THE DIRECTORY
|
LIST YOUR BUSINESS
visitor policy
|
privacy
|
membership terms
|
testimonials
|
contact us
|
resources
Marietta, GA 30064
1-800-284-4662
© Copyright 2001 -
BookkeepingHelp.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved