https://www.a3bs.com/privacy-policy
×
Log in
Register
Log in
×
Quick Shop
Add more fields
add to cart
Add more fields
add to cart
x
products
Acupuncture supplies Anatomical Charts Anatomical Models Biology Supplies Chemistry Complete Anatomy Earth Science Geek Gifts Health Education Medical Simulators Physics Therapy and Fitness Veterinary
Acupuncture accessories Acupuncture Books Acupuncture Carts Acupuncture Charts and Models Acupuncture Furniture Cupping Glasses Kinesiology Tape Laser Acupuncture Devices Moxibustion VINCO® Acupuncture Needles
Acupuncture Addiction Brain and Nervous system Cancers Cardiovascular System Cell Genetics Chart accessories Circulatory System Digestive System Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) Emergency and CPR Endocrine Glands Fitness Gynaecology Immune System  Metabolic System Muscle Ophthalmology Parasitic, Viral or Bacterial Infection Pregnancy and Childbirth Respiratory System Skeletal System Skin Speech Organs Teeth The Lymphatic System Urinary System
Anatomy Sets Brain Models Breast Models Dental Models Digestive System Models Ear Models Eye Models Genital and Pelvis Models Head Models Human Heart Models Human Skeleton Models Human Skull Models Human Spine Models Human Torso Models Joint Models Lung Models Microanatomy Models
Muscle Models Nervous System Models Pregnancy Models Skin Models Urology Models Vertebra Models
Anthropology Biology Software Botany Cellular Biology Dissection Sets and Instrumentation Embedded Specimens Fossils Genetics Instrumentation and Lab Material Kits and Experiments Microscope and Microvideo Products Microscope Slides LIEDER Reproduction and Development Science Activity Sets Science Learning Systems Zoology
Atomic models Chemistry Experiments and Chemistry Kits Crystal models DNA-Models Instrumentation Molecular Models Molecular orbitals Molecule Building Sets pH-Value Determination Physical chemistry
Anthropological Findings Geo Equipment Geography Geology Geophysics Mineralogy and Petrography Paleontology
3B MEDart™
Apparel and Jewelry Astronomy Gifts Best Selling Geek Gifts Books, Cards and Stationery Chemistry Gifts Clocks and Watches Computer Geeks Desktop Items Dinosaurs Famous Scientists Forensic Science Gadgets and Gizmos Gift cards Green and Eco Friendly Halloween Bones and Gifts Mathematics and Engineering Medical Mugs and Kitchen Novelties Physics Gifts Posters and Prints Robots! Sci-Fi and Film Shop By Personality Spa and Therapy Stocking Stuffers What's New
Arthritis and Osteoporosis Education Asthma and Allergies Education Condom Trainers Diabetic Teaching Tools Drug and Alcohol Education Food Replicas Heart Health and Fitness Education Men's Health Education Nutrition Education Obesity and Eating Disorders Education Parenting Education Pregnancy and Childbirth Education Sex Education Sun Safety Education Tobacco Education Women's Health Education
Advanced Life Support (ALS) Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS) Airway Management Basic Life Support (BLS) Clinical Skills Trainers Emergency Rescue Gynecology Nursing Skills and Patient Care Obstetrics Orthopedic Workshop Bones Patient Monitor Simulators Simulated Medications Simulation Kits Surgery TCCC Training Manikins Transesophageal Echocardiography (TEE) Virtual Dissection Table Virtual Reality Simulators
Physics and Engineering Experiments Student Experiments Computer Assisted Experimentation Mechanics Waves and Sound Energy and the Environment Heat and Thermodynamics Light and Optics Electricity and Magnetism Atomic and Nuclear Instrumentation Lab Material Historic Experiments Devices with safety transformers Teltron® Tubes
Aids for Daily Living Analgesics Chiropractic Adjusting Tools Electrotherapy Modalities Exercise and Rehabilitation Fitness Equipment Home Traction Devices Home-Training - Home Fitness Hot and Cold Therapy Kinesiology Taping Massage Measurement and Diagnostic Equipment Mobility Aids Orthopedics Personal Protective Equipment Pilates Equipment Positioning Material Therapy Books Therapy Software Treatment Furniture
Animal-specific specialization Disciplinary specialization Instrumentation and Lab Material
Acupuncture supplies
Acupuncture accessories Acupuncture Books Acupuncture Carts Acupuncture Charts and Models Acupuncture Furniture Cupping Glasses Kinesiology Tape Laser Acupuncture Devices Moxibustion VINCO® Acupuncture Needles
Anatomical Charts
Acupuncture Addiction Brain and Nervous system Cancers Cardiovascular System Cell Genetics Chart accessories Circulatory System Digestive System Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT) Emergency and CPR Endocrine Glands Fitness Gynaecology Immune System  Metabolic System Muscle Ophthalmology Parasitic, Viral or Bacterial Infection Pregnancy and Childbirth Respiratory System Skeletal System Skin Speech Organs Teeth The Lymphatic System Urinary System
Anatomical Models
Anatomy Sets Brain Models Breast Models Dental Models Digestive System Models Ear Models Eye Models Genital and Pelvis Models Head Models Human Heart Models Human Skeleton Models Human Skull Models Human Spine Models Human Torso Models Joint Models Lung Models Microanatomy Models
Muscle Models Nervous System Models Pregnancy Models Skin Models Urology Models Vertebra Models
Biology Supplies
Anthropology Biology Software Botany Cellular Biology Dissection Sets and Instrumentation Embedded Specimens Fossils Genetics Instrumentation and Lab Material Kits and Experiments Microscope and Microvideo Products Microscope Slides LIEDER Reproduction and Development Science Activity Sets Science Learning Systems Zoology
Chemistry
Atomic models Chemistry Experiments and Chemistry Kits Crystal models DNA-Models Instrumentation Molecular Models Molecular orbitals Molecule Building Sets pH-Value Determination Physical chemistry
Complete Anatomy
Earth Science
Anthropological Findings Geo Equipment Geography Geology Geophysics Mineralogy and Petrography Paleontology
Geek Gifts
3B MEDart™
Apparel and Jewelry Astronomy Gifts Best Selling Geek Gifts Books, Cards and Stationery Chemistry Gifts Clocks and Watches Computer Geeks Desktop Items Dinosaurs Famous Scientists Forensic Science Gadgets and Gizmos Gift cards Green and Eco Friendly Halloween Bones and Gifts Mathematics and Engineering Medical Mugs and Kitchen Novelties Physics Gifts Posters and Prints Robots! Sci-Fi and Film Shop By Personality Spa and Therapy Stocking Stuffers What's New
Health Education
Arthritis and Osteoporosis Education Asthma and Allergies Education Condom Trainers Diabetic Teaching Tools Drug and Alcohol Education Food Replicas Heart Health and Fitness Education Men's Health Education Nutrition Education Obesity and Eating Disorders Education Parenting Education Pregnancy and Childbirth Education Sex Education Sun Safety Education Tobacco Education Women's Health Education
Medical Simulators
Advanced Life Support (ALS) Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS) Airway Management Basic Life Support (BLS) Clinical Skills Trainers Emergency Rescue Gynecology Nursing Skills and Patient Care Obstetrics Orthopedic Workshop Bones Patient Monitor Simulators Simulated Medications Simulation Kits Surgery TCCC Training Manikins Transesophageal Echocardiography (TEE) Virtual Dissection Table Virtual Reality Simulators
Physics
Physics and Engineering Experiments Student Experiments Computer Assisted Experimentation Mechanics Waves and Sound Energy and the Environment Heat and Thermodynamics Light and Optics Electricity and Magnetism Atomic and Nuclear Instrumentation Lab Material Historic Experiments Devices with safety transformers Teltron® Tubes
Therapy and Fitness
Aids for Daily Living Analgesics Chiropractic Adjusting Tools Electrotherapy Modalities Exercise and Rehabilitation Fitness Equipment Home Traction Devices Home-Training - Home Fitness Hot and Cold Therapy Kinesiology Taping Massage Measurement and Diagnostic Equipment Mobility Aids Orthopedics Personal Protective Equipment Pilates Equipment Positioning Material Therapy Books Therapy Software Treatment Furniture
Veterinary
Animal-specific specialization Disciplinary specialization Instrumentation and Lab Material
quick order
e-mail sign-up
my account
Login
Create Account
Order History
Settings
Subscription Orders
3B Scientific News
1-888-326-6335
Home
Policies
Privacy policy
Policies & Guarantees
Privacy policy
Quality
Environmental Statement
This is the web site of American 3B Scientific
Our postal address is:
2189 Flintstone Drive, Suite O
Tucker, Georgia 30084 USA
We can be reached via email at: info@a3bs.com
or by telephone at 770-492-9111.
This statement represents our policy as of August 1, 2005. These policies may be updated from time to time and changes to the policy can be found here on our website. Our data security practice is in accordance with the German Data Protection Act (BDSG). Our top priority is to protect your personal data. The points below explain what this means in detail.
1. Personal Data Security
3B Scientific takes technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against unintended or illegitimate deletion, change or loss, as well as to protect against unauthorized transfer or access. We use a safe SSL-connection to protect your data. Key length: RSA 2048 Bit/128 Bit. The encryption of the user data depends on browser functionality and is done by maximal AES 256 Bit or Triple-DES 168 Bit. All data between client and server will be encrypted.
We use personal data to process your inquiries, orders, or to provide you with access to certain information or offers. Granting your permission allows us to process your personal data in order to respond more efficiently to your demands, to inform you about special offers or to carry out online surveys. It is therefore understood that we will respect your wishes if you do not wish to provide us with your personal data for customer service, market research or promotional purposes. If you do not wish to receive e-mailings or mailings from us in the future, you may contact us via telephone, through the US Post or send an email to unsubscribe@a3bs.com to request removal from our mailing list.
We assure you that your personal data will not be provided to a third party, except to affiliates within the 3B Scientific group.
2. Purpose of use
The 3B Scientific Online Shop gathers, uses and processes the personal data you provide exclusively for the purpose communicated herein and hereafter. Furthermore, your data can be collected,used, and processed
for further purposes in direct connection to the original purpose of the collection, use, and process of the data.
if it is necessary to prepare, negotiate, and fulfill a contract with you
if it is necessary due to legal commitments or official or judicial regulations
if it is necessary for justification, or in order to protect legal claims or in defense against legal actions
if it serves to prevent abuses or other illegal activities, i.e. intended attacks against the 3B Scientific Online Shop-System, which target data security.
3. Non-Personal Data
We only use this information in order to measure the user friendliness of our website and its efficiency, as well as to improve its content. When you visit our web site, excluding the registration process, general information will occasionally be tracked automatically, e.g. Internet browser and operating system used; domain name of the website you are coming from, number of visits, average time of use and pages accessed.
4. Cookies
"Cookies" are files which store and retrieve certain information on your computer. When you visit our website, it is possible that we will place a cookie on your computer that maintains information so you are automatically recognized the next time you visit our website. Cookies allow us to adapt our website to your interests, or to save your password so that you do not need to re-enter it every time. Cookies guarantee the 3B Scientific Online Shop functionalities.
The 3B Scientific applications automatically maintain cookies on your computer and saves and delete the cookies depending on the effectiveness (1–7 days). We use the following 2 cookies in our online shop:
cfid
cftoken
The user is registered for a session by means of these two cookies. When you end your session, the cookies expire as well. All information which we save for this session (country, language, shopping cart, customer ID) matures after the expiration of the session, or at the latest, after 6 hours.There are other cookies solely used for registered distributors, which make a presetting of the language and country on the basis of country of origin.
DealerID (login of the distributor)
CartID (shopping cart of the distributor)
If you do not want us to recognize your computer by means of cookies, please adjust your Internet browser settings, so that your computer deletes all cookies from your hard-drive, blocks all cookies or warns you before cookies are saved.
5. Communication or beneficiary data
In case you have telecommunication services access to communication data on our website (e.g. Internet-Protocol-Address) or respective beneficiary data, i.e. data regarding the start and duration, as well as information in reference to your telecommunication services, is automatically tracked by technical means. This might possibly allow a conclusion to be drawn about personal data. It is therefore understood that your communication or beneficiary data is collected, processed and used according to strict legal data security regulations.
6. Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of 3B Scientific or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of 3B Scientific and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
7. License and Site Access
3B Scientific grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of 3B Scientific. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of 3B Scientific. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of 3B Scientific and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing 3B Scientifics’ name or trademarks without the express written consent of 3B Scientific. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by 3B Scientific. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of 3B Scientific so long as the link does not portray 3B Scientific, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any 3B Scientific logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
8. Links to other websites
The 3B Scientific Web site may contain links to other websites. Although we make our selection of possible or desired links according to the interests of our customers, 3B Scientific cannot be held responsible for their content and compliance to data security regulations.
9. Comments
The 3B Scientific online shop will respond to all appropriate inquiries for access and alteration, addition or deletion of personal data. If you have any questions or comments regarding data security guidelines, please do not hesitate to contact our data security representative at 3B Scientific.
Manuel Muhl | Marketing Coordinator
2189 Flintstone Dr, Suite O | Tucker, GA 30084 | USA
Tel: +1.678.405.5606
Fax: +1.678.405.5726
Email: manuel.muhl@a3bs.com