https://www.businessval.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Our Services
Find An Appraiser
Latest News
Appraisal Resources
Current News
Conference Registration Form
Membership
Contact Us
Who we are:
Our website addresses are: www.businessval.com, www.americanbusinessappraisers.com, www.americanbusinessappraisers.net, and www.americanbusinessappraisers.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it?
We collect contact information on those that fill out any forms on our website. This data is collected so that we can communicate with you as per your request. We do not sell or give out any of the data we collect to third-parties and only use this data for direct communication with our clients, members, and viewers.
Media, Comments & Cookies:
We do not allow media uploads, comments, or use cookies on our website.
Contact Forms:
When you fill out a form on our website the information you have provided may be:
stored in a web-based data files for our organizational usage.
emailed to our board members using standard unsecure email software and our web server.
emailed back to the address in an insecure fashion entered in the form showing you what you filled out.
stored locally on a computer owned by our board members and our web support service providers.
backed up on either local hardrives or on a cloud based backup system.
Embedded content from other websites:
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from existing images on the website.
Membership Data:
We are a professional appraisal network comprised of many firms throughout the United States.  These firms have provided their corporate information to use as official members of our organization.  This data is collected from our members and presented to the public on our website and stored in our corporate files internally.  The individual members are responsible for the data they have provided and is displayed on our website, and any information that is collected through their own websites and resources.
What rights you have over your data?
If you have entered data in a form on this site or you are listed/linked up on our site, you can request that we remove and erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data?
Your data is sent to our board members for evaluation. All contact information submitted to us is collected and saved by our board and may be used/saved in a standard Email Software Address Book, uploaded onto Email Services like MailChimp or Constant Contact, and/or kept in our corporate database and files. Information from our website is also periodically sent to our social media using an electronic feed service. Contact information provided to us will not be sold to anyone. If you wish to be removed from our lists, please contact us using the information below and we will promptly remove you.
How we protect your data and our website?
Our primary website data is protected by our web hosting company on a Linux CentOS 7 Apache server.
Our primary website is protected by a 256-bit Encryption, SHA-2 Security Certificate verified by RapidSSL.
Our primary website data including any submitted content is backed up in a multi-tiered cloud based system and backup hardrives done by our web provider services.
Contact information:
AmBus Appraisers, LLC dba American Business Appraisers National Network (ABA)
Contact Representative: Marsha Conrad
Email Contact: mc@abavalue.com
Phone Contact: 623-935-2112
Home
About Us
Our Services
Find An Appraiser
Latest News
Appraisal Resources
Current News
Conference Registration Form
Membership
Contact Us
Copyright©2018-2020. All Rights Reserved.
The content of this business appraisers network focusing on the national business appraisal industry is exclusively owned by the AmBus Appraisers, LLC dba the American Business Appraisers National Network (ABA).
We specialize in business appraisal and valuation, machinery and equipment appraisal, business analysis, estate and tax activities, mergers and acquisitions, marital dissolution, legal agreements, shareholder disputes, and many other services related to the appraisal industry. Information is provided as a courtesy. Nothing presented on this website should be construed, interpreted, or perceived as legal, tax, financial or other professional advice. Consult your own appropriate professional advisors as necessary. Legal Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
Business Appraisal Network Website Design by Reliable Web Designs.