http://www.archventure.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 13, 2018.
Our Policy
Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) of ARCH Venture Partners (the “Company”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). This Site is operated by the Company and has been created to provide information about our company and to provide (the “Company Services”) to our Site visitors (“you”, “your”). This Privacy Policy sets forth the Company’s policy with respect to information including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information that is collected from Site visitors.
Information We Collect
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with the Company through the Site, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, is not used to specifically identify you. This Site may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, geolocation of visitors, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
Sharing with Third Parties
We may share non-personally identifiable Site usage information (including aggregate data) with others, for their own use, in a form that does not include your name or contact information. The third parties that support our website analytics tools may be able to access and use your Site usage information.
Social Media
We may maintain presence on several social media platforms, such as Twitter and LinkedIn, and we may also incorporate some third party social media features onto the Site. We may also include tools on the Site that allow you to share and/or publicly post content or information from the Site to your profile on a third party social media platform. Third party social media platforms have their own privacy policies which explain how they will use, protect and share your information, including any information you share on those platforms from the Site, and we encourage you to read them.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately.
On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they may allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s features.
Exclusions
This Privacy Policy is limited to data collected through the Site. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to the Company through any other means. All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and the Company shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
Children
The Company does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on this Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to the Company through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Web Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. This Site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by the Company (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that the Company endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Security
The Company takes reasonable steps to protect the Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. E-mail sent to the Company may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to the Company via the Internet.
Other Terms and Conditions: Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the Terms of Use.
Changes to the Company’s Privacy Policy
The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for the Company to make changes to this Privacy Policy. The Company reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Contacting the Company
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about the Company’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Site. Contact information can be found here.