http://www.rookphoto.co.uk/privacy-policy
You are here: Home > Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Rook Photo uses and protects any information that you give Rook Photo when you use this website.
Rook Photo is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Screen and Music Travel may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st September 2013.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
• name• contact information including email address• demographic information such as postcode.• specific information about your website including root file access details
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• Internal record keeping. • We may use the information to improve our products and services. • We will only contact you using the details you provide for reasons directly relating to your purchase of services. • We will never use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We will only pass on your personal information if we are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us with your request.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Latest Blogs
A level Walk
Video!!
Fisheye fun
Blackdown hills
Abbotsbury
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
We use cookies on this website Accept to find out how to delete cookies Read More.Privacy & Cookies Policy