https://www.t-pren.com/terms/
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using this website (the “Service”) operated by Matthew Hebden Ltd (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Matthew Hebden Ltd.
Matthew Hebden Ltd has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Matthew Hebden Ltd shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Matthew Hebden Ltd and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Matthew Hebden Ltd, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorised access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Matthew Hebden Ltd its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of these terms, under no circumstances will Matthew Hebden Ltd ever be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or exemplary loss or damage arising from, connected with, or relating to your use of the Service, these Terms, the subject matter of these Terms, the termination of these Terms or otherwise, including but not limited to personal injury, loss of data, business, markets, savings, income, profits, use, production, reputation or goodwill, anticipated or otherwise, or economic loss, under any theory of liability (whether in contract, tort, strict liability or any other theory or law or equity), regardless of any negligence or other fault or wrongdoing (including without limitation gross negligence and fundamental breach) by Matthew Hebden Ltd or any person for whom Matthew Hebden Ltd is responsible, and even if Matthew Hebden Ltd has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage being incurred.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the service.
Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy. You agree that they constitute part of these terms. You should read our Privacy Policy before you use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us using the website form or at (sales@matthewhebden.co.uk).
Changes to the Terms and Conditions
We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. We advise you to review this page periodically for changes. Any changes made are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
This document was last updated on 2nd January 2019.
Contact Us
Contact us directly using the following details, or use the enquiry form below.
Roger SmithE-Mail: sales@t-pren.comAddress: 54 Blacka Moor Road, Sheffield S17 3GJTel : +44 (0) 114 236 8122
Web Site
Name
Company
Email Address
Telephone
Comments / Questions
recaptcha
Stockists
England & Wales
Matthew Hebden
54 Blacka Moor Road,SheffieldS17 3GJ
Tel. +44 (0) 114 236 8122
British Lead Mills (For Lead)
Peartree Lane,Welwyn Garden City,Herts.AL7 3UB
Tel. +44 (0) 1707 324595Fax. +44 (0) 1707 328941
Scotland
Dunedin Builders Merchants
Units 14-18,Dunedin Street,EdinburghEH7 4JG
Tel.+44 (0) 131 5572345Fax.+44 (0) 131 5572341