https://www.icfluid.com/policies
About
Products
Manufacturers
Request a Quote
Blog
How to Buy
Contact
Search
Search
About
Products
Manufacturers
Request a Quote
Blog
How to Buy
Contact
call +1.877.icfluid
+1.877.423.5843
Policies
Home/Policies
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the IC Fluid Power, Inc. website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Business Name
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing a request only to complete that request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. Specifically, the e-mail addresses are not put on any mailing list.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser or manufacturers that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above. If we do so in the future, we will provide you an opportunity to OPT-IN (that is you will NOT be included unless you actively request to be included).
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To The Privacy of Children
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-877-ICFLUID or send us an email at us@icfluid.com.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok