http://www.realcaliforniacheese.com/privacy-policy
Look for the seal.
Español
Our Food
Our Dairy
Recipes
Cheese
Nutrition
Snacking
Better Breakfast
California's Best
Hispanic-Style Dairy
Our Story
Our Cows
Our Farms
Our Community
Sustainability
About Us
Find & Buy
Foodservice
Real California Milk
Foodservice
Our Food
Our Food
Our Dairy
Cheese
Nutrition
Snacking
Better Breakfast
California's Best
Hispanic-Style Dairy
Recipes
Our Story
Our Story
Our Farms
Our cows
Our community
Sustainability
About Us
For Our Partners
For Our Partners
Industry Resources
Foodservice
Press Room
Find & Buy
Contact Us
Our Commercials
Print Coupons
facebook
twitter
pinterest
instagram
youtube
Privacy
Policy
CALIFORNIA MILK ADVISORY BOARD – PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: Jan 1, 2020
The California Milk Producers Advisory Board, commonly referred to as California Milk Advisory Board
(“CMAB”, “us”, “our” or “we”) has developed this Privacy Policy to explain who we are, how we collect,
use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use personal information in the usual course of
business, including through our website https://www.realcaliforniamilk.com (and
any of its sub-domains)
or any other site which includes a link to this Privacy Policy (the “Site”), as well as in connection
with any of our events or marketing activities (“Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to your use of
the Site (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise) or
any other means or applications in which you connect with us and your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy is subject to our Terms of Use. Each time that you
access, register and/or use the
Site or our Services you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of
Use, and this Privacy Policy, where permitted by law.
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to
make it easier for you to review those parts of this Privacy Policy which apply to you, we have divided
the policy into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
2. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
5. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
6. NEVADA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS
7. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
8. HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
9. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
10. INTERNATIONAL USERS
11. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
12. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
13. CONTACT US
1. WHO WE ARE
The California Milk Producers Advisory Board, commonly referred to as California Milk Advisory Board
(CMAB), is a California government entity operating under the supervision and authority of the
California Department of Food and Agriculture. The CMAB operates pursuant to the Marketing Order for
Research, Education, and Promotion of Milk and Dairy Products in California. As a government entity of
the State of California, the CMAB does not operate for profit and funds its advertising, promotion and
research activities pertaining to California milk and dairy products from California dairy farms.
2. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you provide to us. We collect the personal information that you provide to us
when you
provide us with contact information or use the Site or Services, when you send us an email or
communicate with us in any way or participate in any of our promotions.
Location Information. We may collect information about your general location. using different
types
of technologies, including GPS and Wi-Fi. We also collect IP addresses and device identifiers that
may provide location information.
Information We Collect Automatically Through Cookies and Similar Technologies. We use
tracking tools
like browser cookies and web beacons to automatically collect information about how you interact
with our Site and Services and other websites over time and across devices. Our vendors and partners
also collect information this way. For more information on cookies and similar tracking technology
and how they are used, and how you can opt out of such use, please refer to our Cookie Notice.
Information Imported from Social Networks. When you choose to interact with us through social
media
your interactions with social media platforms (“Social Networks”) typically allows the Social
Networks to collect information such as “Likes”, profile information gathered from the Social
Networks, or the fact that you viewed or interacted with our Services. Social Networks may collect
information about you through digital cookies they place on your device and other tracking
mechanisms even when you are not directly interacting with their applications. Please review the
Social Networks’ privacy policies and choices for sharing information of any Social Network
connected to our Services.
Information We Collect From Other Sources. In order to enhance our ability to provide
relevant
marketing, offers and services to you, we obtain information about you from other sources, such as
public databases, and joint marketing partners, and fraud detection companies.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect or receive (alone or in combination):
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, to respond to any inquiry, feedback, to send
you information about products from a product location search, to send you our newsletters, or
notify you about your status in any of our contests or promotions.
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding our Services or Site,
and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To send you marketing communications in compliance with applicable laws and in accordance with your
preferences, that we believe may be of interest to you.
To personalize your experience on our Site by presenting content and offers tailored to you and your
interests, including by creating custom audiences on social media sites.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention,
developing new marketing campaigns, enhancing, improving or modifying our Site and Services,
identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating
and expanding our activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your
country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and
government authorities; (d) to enforce our Terms of Use; (e) to protect our operations or those of
any of our marketing partners; (f) to protect our rights, or the privacy, safety or property or you
or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available legal remedies or limit the damages that we may
sustain.
For other reasons that we describe to you at the time of collection.
4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients and for the
following reasons:
Service providers. In order to provide our Services to you, it is necessary for us to
disclose your
information to service providers who perform certain functions of our Services on our behalf.
Examples include cloud hosting providers (to provide data storage and processing services) and
communications providers (to process new queries and to manage our emails).
Marketing Partners. We selectively share our postal mailing address list and email list with
marketing partners so that they may provide you with information about product or service offerings
which may be of interest to you. See Section 5 for how to opt out of our sharing of your information
for these purposes.
Targeted Advertising. We will share your information collected about your visits over time
and
across our Services and multiple devices and other websites with our advertising partners in order
to serve targeted advertising to you. For more information on targeted advertising and how to manage
your preferences please refer to our Cookie Notice
Compliance with laws. We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in
order to
comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other
legal process (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements).
Vital interests and legal rights. We may disclose information where we believe it is
necessary to
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, to verify the authenticity of any
transaction, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person,
violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in legal proceedings.
Business transfers. We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during
negotiations
of, any merger, sale of assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our organization to
another entity, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the
purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Consent. We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the
disclosure, as permitted by law.
5. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Access to Information. You can access, correct, update, delete, and deactivate personal
information
you have provided to us by emailing us at privacy@realcaliforniamilk.com,
calling customer service
at (209) 883-MILK (6455) or writing to us at CMAB, 2316 Orchard Parkway, Suite 200, Tracy, CA 95377.
Opting-Out of Marketing Emails. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by
clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing us at privacy@realcaliforniamilk.com,
calling customer service at (209) 883-MILK (6455) or writing to us at CMAB, 2316 Orchard Parkway,
Suite 200, Tracy, CA 95377. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still
communicate with you regarding such things as security updates, responses to service requests, or
other administrative or non-marketing purposes.
Turning Off Tracking Technologies. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a
persistent or session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your
browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn
the correct way to modify your cookies. It is important to remember that many of our Services may
not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Please refer to our Cookie
Notice for more
information.
Browser “Do Not Track” Signals. Some third-party browsers provide “do not track” machine
readable
signals for websites, which are automatically applied by default. These features are not all
uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on our
Site may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
Interest Based Ads. Please refer to our Cookie Notice for opt
out information.
Control Tools on Your Mobile Devices. There may be controls on your mobile devices to control
your privacy settings.
Consent. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then
depending on the jurisdiction where you reside and applicable law you can withdraw your consent at
any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted
prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in
reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
6. NEVADA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS
A Notice to Nevada Residents: Under Nevada law, if you are a resident of Nevada, you may apply limits to
the sale of certain personal information to third parties for resale or licensing purposes. You are
entitled to register your preference for limits on such sales in the future by sending an email
to NevadaPrivacyRequest@realcaliforniamilk.com,
with the subject line, “Nevada Do Not Sell Request”
along with your first and last name, zip code, and whether you are a former or current member of any of
our Services so that we can match your information to your account.
7. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This Privacy Policy only applies to our Site and Services. Any access to and use of any linked websites,
apps or services is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies
of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
8. HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards against unauthorized
access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. However, no
data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
9. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain your personal information to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to
maintain records of fraud, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations), or in
accordance with our standard business practices.
10. INTERNATIONAL USERS
The Site and Services are provided and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Site or
Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to,
stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those other entities with whom we share your
personal information, in the United States and other locations. These countries may have data protection
laws that are different to the laws of your country. By using the Site or Services, you consent to the
collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information, where
permitted by law.
11. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Site and Services are intended for a general audience and are not directed or intended for anyone
under 18 years of age. You must be 18 years of age to use the Site or Services. We do not knowingly
collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If we obtain actual knowledge that any
information we collect has been provided by an individual under the age of 18, we will promptly delete
that information.
12. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
CMAB will review and update this Privacy Policy periodically and will note the date of its most recent
update above. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently
posting a notice on our Site, but we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to be
informed of how CMAB is using your information.
13. CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices email
us at privacy@realcaliforniamilk.com, call customer service at (209) 883-MILK (6455) or write to us at
CMAB, 2316 Orchard Parkway, Suite 200, Tracy, CA 95377.
When contacting us, please include your full name, address, phone number, and email address, and
indicate the specific nature of your request or inquiry.
©2020 California Milk Advisory Board.
Visit us on:
facebook
twitter
pinterest
instagram
youtube
Industry Resources
Foodservice
Press Room
Find & Buy
Contact Us
Our Commercials
Print Coupon
Our Farms
Our Cows
Our Community
Sustainability
About us
Our Dairy
Recipes
Cheese
Nutrition
© 2020 California Milk Advisory Board, an instrumentality
of the CA
Dept. of Food and Ag. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
© 2020 California Milk Advisory Board, an instrumentality
of the CA
Dept. of Food and Ag. All rights reserved.
close