https://www.tlcelectronics.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TLC Electronics, Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information TLC Electronics CollectsIf you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “contact” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only the policy of TLC Electronics Inc.’s website and not sites that user’s access via links from our site. TLC Electronics Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
CookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationTLC Electronics Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that TLC Electronics Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of TLC Electronics Inc. and is effective as of January 5, 2017. This statement does not create an agreement between TLC Electronics Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:TLC Electronics inc.18 Long Lake Road St.Paul, MN 55115
Phone: 651-488-2933Fax: 651-488-3246Email: customerservice@tlcelectronics.comhttp://www.tlcelectronics.com
We're Ready To
Build A Custom Cable For You
If you're looking for a wire or cable assembly, we can help. Complete the form below and we'll let you know how we can deliver the right solution.
Get A Quote
Close
Home
What We Do
Design & Engineering
Quick Response Manufacturing
First Article & Prototypes
Supply Chain Management
What You Get
Wire & Cable Assemblies
Electromechanical Subassembly
Small Gauge Expertise
Box Build Assembly
Who We Serve
Medical
Agriculture
Industrial
Other Industries
Products
Shop By Product
Wire & Cable Management
Interconnect
Terminals
Audio Products
Relays & Switches
View All
Shop By Manufacturer
JST
HellermannTyton
EEMB
World Products, Inc
CONEC
View All
About Us
Careers
TLC Videos
Get A Quote
Engineering Resources
Customer Service
Track Shipments
My Account
Login
Register