http://www.transcriptiongear.com/terms-of-use/
Questions? Call toll-free: 888-834-2392 // Live Tech Support 8AM-5PM M-F ET   Support Knowledge Base
Home
/
Terms of Use Agreement
TranscriptionGear.Com Terms of Use Agreement
Last Update / Review - January 3, 2010
We respect your privacy and the security of your personal information. Please read our Online Privacy Policy. Our Terms and Policies are intended to make our web sites safe and fun for everybody. We invite you to bring to our attention any content on our web sites you believe to be inaccurate, inappropriate or in violation of these rules. Please email us at orders@transcriptiongear.com.
Use common sense when you use our or anybody else's web sites. The content that appears on our sites is for informational purposes only. Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time. Some of the content you find on our sites was not created, edited, or posted by us (for example, discussion group postings). Before you act on information you've found on or through our site, confirm any facts that are important to your decision. We encourage you to exercise a healthy skepticism and good judgment.
Acceptance of Terms of Use:
Our web sites are provided free of charge to you under this Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement"). For certain services, however, such as contests, sweepstakes, or other offerings, you may need to register. If registration is required, additional terms will be placed on the site that explain the special terms that apply with respect to those services. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not register for those offerings or enter the site. You can find our Terms of Use Agreement at any time via a link found on the left-hand margin of any of our site's pages. Review these terms periodically to determine whether a change has been made. If you do not agree to any changes made in the Terms of Use Agreement, please arrange to terminate your registration with the site immediately by (1) notifying us of your unwillingness to accept the changes to the Terms of Use Agreement at orders@transcriptiongear.com and (2) discontinuing your use of the Site. Your continued use of a site signifies your acceptance of any changes in the Terms of Use Agreement.
Rules for Submissions and Messages:
Responsibility for what is posted in the discussion groups or other public forums lies with each user--you alone are responsible for the content of your messages, and the consequences of any such messages. You agree not to use the sites in any way to send or submit materials:
that are false, inaccurate or misleading or fraudulent;
that violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
that infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
that are defamatory, libelous, threatening or harassing;
that are obscene or contain any kind of pornography;
that contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information;
that might create liability for us or might cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our Internet service providers or other suppliers;
that interfere with the ability of others to enjoy our site;
that impersonate any other person or entity, whether actual or fictitious, including impersonating an employee of TranscriptionGear.Com; or
that link to or include descriptions of goods or services that: (i) are prohibited under this Agreement; or (ii) you do not have a right to link to or include.
TranscriptionGear.Com is most often a passive conduit for the information users submit. We cannot and do not review every submission a user may make. We neither endorse nor guarantee the accuracy or propriety of any submission. We do, however, reserve the right but do not assume the obligation to restrict or prohibit your use of our sites if we believe you are violating any of the terms of the Terms of Use Agreement and to remove, edit, or relocate any submission as we see fit whether for legal or other reasons. In order to encourage users to feel free to share their e-mail addresses in public posting areas, you may not use any other user's information, personal or otherwise, for any commercial purpose, chain letters, junk mail, "spamming," bulk communications, or developing lists. Any such use by you shall be deemed to be a violation of this Terms of Use Agreement. Your use of the sites is limited to personal, not commercial purposes. Your commercial exploitation of the sites is strictly prohibited unless written permission is obtained from TranscriptionGear.com.
Rights: You acknowledge that:
We permit access to content that is protected by copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual and proprietary rights ("Rights") and;
Except as expressly provided otherwise, the Terms of Use Agreement and applicable copyright, trademark and other laws govern your use of such content.
You are free to display and print for your personal, non-commercial use information you receive through our sites. You may not reproduce, distribute, or otherwise use any of the materials without the prior written consent of the Rights holder. The burden of determining whether any content on our sites is or is not protected by Rights rests with you. You are free to encourage others to access the information themselves on our sites. We welcome links to our service. You are free to establish a hypertext link to our sites so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by us or make use of the TranscriptionGear.Com logo without written consent of TranscriptionGear.com.
You acknowledge that we acquire all Rights to use any posted materials as described below so that we do not violate any Rights you may have in materials you post. By submitting content to or through our sites, you grant us the non-exclusive right to reproduce, modify and distribute it as we see fit in any medium and for any purpose in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You also permit any other user to access, display, and print such content for personal use.
You vouch that any material you submit does not violate, plagiarize or infringe upon the right of any third party, including copyright, trademark or proprietary rights. If non-original content is included in your posting, you must obtain permission from the content owner and attribute it. If you do post non-original material to this site TranscriptionGear.Com shall by virtue of the above statement assume that permission to use the material has been granted and therefore assumes no responsibility for the material(s) posted by the user.
The statements and rules outlined above constitute the whole of the Terms of Use Agreement. TranscriptionGear.com reserves the right to change any part or all of this Terms of Use Agreement without prior notice. Please be sure to check this Agreement any time you have an issue with the rules or operation of the TranscriptionGear.Com site.
We accept these payment types:
Help
Knowledge Base
Gear Downloads
RMA Request
Support Request
Remote Assistance
Website Help
Customer Feedback
Shop
GearFTP Service
idigital Call-in Dictation
Suggest a Product
Manage My idigital
Sitemap
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Meet Your Sales Rep
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Fraud Policy
Terms of Use
Sales & Return Policy
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Our Blog
Pinterest
instagram
YouTube
Help Us to Keep Magento Healthy - Report All Bugs (ver. 1.9.3.10)
© 2019 TranscriptionGear.Com, All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.
High-performing, cost-effective front-end speech recognition to power your EHR!
×
Login
Register
Forgot Password?