https://www.annwebcom.co.uk/contact-us/privacy/
Privacy Policy, Cookies and Web Site Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
AnnWebCom are committed to protecting your privacy and we comply with the Data Protection laws applicable to the UK.
Unless otherwise advised, only AnnWebCom will have access to the information you submit.
Your details will not be passed or sold to other companies for marketing or mailing purposes.
We do use the information we collect about you to process your requests and to provide you a more personalised internet experience.
We monitor web site traffic patterns and usage to help us determine which aspects are of most importance to you and to develop the web site design and its layout.
We may also use the information we collect, occasionally, to tell you about our progress and changes to the AnnWebCom web site. If you would rather not receive this information, please indicate your wishes when submitting on-line forms or you may send an email to nothanks@annwebcom.co.uk.
If you do not want to receive further editions of our email newsletters, please use the “unsubscribe” link at the foot of one of the newsletters you have received.  If you have multiple subscribed email addresses and, therefore, receive multiple copies you will need to do this for each subscribed email address.
Cookies
Session Cookies
This web site sets session cookies, essential for the operation of the web site which are used to ‘remember’ user specific information only during the time that a user is using the web site. These cookies are deleted when you close your browser. No personally identifiable information is stored once these cookies are deleted. Some persistent cookies may be set during a session but personally identifiable information is stored with these cookies.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
For more information on the use of Google cookies visit www.google.com/policies.
AddThis
We allow visitors to our website to bookmark and share content via a number of bookmarking and social media sites like Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter through a service called AddThis. Visitors can choose to use this service and, when this is used, AddThis assign a cookie to the visitors’ web browser.
For more details visit the AddThis support page at www.addthis.com/privacy.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies do lots of different jobs,like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve your web site experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
You can find more information about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org or www.youronlinechoices.eu
Cookies are defined in four categories:
Category 1: strictly necessary cookies
Category 2: performance cookies
Category 3: functionality cookies
Category 4: targeting cookies or advertising cookies
Category 1 – Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Category 2 – Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to help us to improve how our website is found and works.
By using our website and online services,you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Category 3 – Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our website and on-line services, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Category 4 – targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Our site does not use this type of cookie.
However, we do have links to other web sites. Once you access another site through a link that we have provided, it is the responsibility of that site to provide information as to how they use cookies on the respective site.
Web Site Disclaimer
AnnWebCom makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the information and materials provided.
AnnWebCom, its officers, employees, affiliates, representatives or agents shall not be held liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this Internet Site, or from your reliance on any information provided at this Internet Site.
We are not lawyers so the information on this web site and any advice we give is given in good faith but if you are in any doubt you should consult a specialist law firm.
AnnWebCom reserves the right to make changes to the information in this internet site, or to the services described therein without notice.
Other web sites and links
AnnWebCom are not responsible for the content of any other website, including any website through which you may have gained access to our website or to which you may gain access from our website. We do not accept any liability in connection with any such sites or links.
Please help us to provide an up to date service by reporting broken links – click here to report a bad link, thank you.
Latest
Beware Phishing Scams
Mobile Friendly Websites
New web site for Gerald Simonds Healthcare Ltd.
Setting up e-mail on an iPad/iPhone and other mobile devices
Setting up an e-mail account in Outlook
Categories
Advisories
News
Follow
Tweet #annwebcom