https://www.meyergroup.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Thank you for visiting Meyer Group Ltd (“Meyer”). This privacy policy applies to all UK Meyer websites, including Meyergroup.co.uk, Prestige.co.uk, Circulon.uk.com, Anolon.co.uk, and Hestan.uk.com, collectively known as “Meyer Sites” or “Sites” in this policy.
Meyer believes that you have the right to know what information is being collected about you when you visit our Sites, and what is done with that information. The terms of this policy will govern the use of any information collected while the policy is in place.
This policy applies only to the online collection of information – different policies and practices exist with regard to the offline collection and use of information by Meyer, in particular with respect to information tendered and collected in connection with product warranty registrations. Additionally, this privacy policy only applies to the Meyer Sites listed above. Other Meyer Sites, or sites which are linked to or from this site, may have different privacy policies. Meyer is not responsible for the privacy policies, or lack thereof, of sites accessed through links from our Sites.
Please review the privacy notices on these sites for details. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy and encourage you to revisit this page. Should Meyer change its privacy policy, we will update this document.
What are Cookies?
A “cookie” is a data file created by a Web server that is stored on a user’s computer either temporarily for that session only or permanently on the hard disk (persistent cookie). Cookies have multiple purposes. Our use of cookies is fully compliant with all United Kingdom data protection and data privacy regulations. We ask your consent for most cookies, so please review the categories of cookies that are used on the Site:
How do our Sites use Cookies?
Meyer Group uses Cookies for the essential function of our Sites, to identify you, track your preferences, and for collecting your information. We also use Cookies to control access to certain content on our Sites, protect the Sites, and to process any request that you make of us. For many of our cookies, our Site uses Cookies only with your consent. Upon opening our Sites, a prompt will allow you to opted in or opted out certain cookies. However, cookies that are necessary for operation of our Sites or cookies that collect purely anonymous information cannot be opted out.
Google Analytics Cookies
Meyer has no control over how Google uses the data they collect via cookies. You may reject or delete Google Analytics cookies by downloading and installing the ‘Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on’. As mentioned above, when someone visits the Site, we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the Site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our Site.
Analytical & Performance Cookies
Cookie Name
Provider
Type
Expiry
Description
_ga
Meyergroup.co.uk
HTTP
2 years
Used to distinguish users.
_gat
Meyergroup.co.uk
HTTP
1 minute
Used to throttle request rate.
_gat_gtag
Meyergroup.co.uk
HTTP
Session
Used to throttle request rate.
_gid
Meyergroup.co.uk
HTTP
24 hours
Used to distinguish users.
HomeAbout Meyer
Meyer GlobalMeyer UKMeyer EMEAOur Mission and ValuesOur History Back
Our Brands
HestanRuffoniAnolonCirculonMeyer CookwarePrestigeJoe Wicks Back
NewsCommunity
In Kind DirectLiverpool John Moores University Back
CareersContact Us