http://www.portfoliorecovery.com/prapay/help/us-consumer-privacy
Rev December 17, 2019
FACTS
WHAT DOES PRA DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal
information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit
some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to
tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal
information. Please read this notice carefully to
understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share
depend on the product or service you have with us. This
information can include:
Social Security number or other government-issued identification numbers;
Income and employment information;
Account balances and transaction history;
Payment history and credit history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal
information to run their everyday business. In the section
below, we list the reasons financial companies can share
their customers' personal information; the reasons PRA
chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PRA share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s); respond to court orders and legal
investigations or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—
such as information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—
such as information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call us at 1-833-332-5865.
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
You are receiving this notice from Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC ("PRA").
What we do
How does PRA protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized
access and use, we use security measures that comply with
federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and
secured files and buildings.
How does PRA collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Provide account information or give us your contact information;
Pay your bills;
Use your debit card;
Give us your income information;
Provide employment information
We also collect your personal information from others, such
as credit bureaus, prior owners of your account, our
affiliates or subsidiaries, government agencies, or other
companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional
rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights
under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can
be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a PRA name, such as
PRA Group, Inc. and PRA Receivables Management, LLC.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They
can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
PRA does not share with nonaffiliates so they can
market to you
Joint marketing
A formal
agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that
together market financial products or services to you.
PRA does not jointly market
Other important information
California Residents
- In accordance with the California Financial Information
Privacy Act, we will not share information we collect about
California residents with nonaffiliates except as permitted
by law, such as with the consent of the customer or to
service the customer's accounts. We also will limit the
sharing of information about you with our affiliates to the
extent required by applicable California law.
Vermont Residents
- In accordance with Vermont law, we will not share
information we collect about Vermont residents with
nonaffiliates except as permitted by law, such as with the
consent of the customer or to service the customer's
accounts. We will not share creditworthiness information
about Vermont residents among PRA's affiliates except with
the authorization or consent of the Vermont resident.
Modal Title
Template to be used for all modals.
Close
OK
Modal Title
Close
OK
Template to be used for campaign modals.
Live Chat