http://www.warlordcycles.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - War Lord Cycles
search
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Warlord Cycles’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.warlordcycles.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
about us
random posts
A Guide to Choosing Wedding Cakes
SOME OF THE THINGS THAT MIGHT PUT YOUR ROOF IN A B...
The Important Functions of Septic Tanks
How to Organize the Warehouse of Your Business?
Check for these Signs if your Tree is Sick Tree or...
Reasons to Install Pole Barn Insulation
recent comments
Recent Posts
How to Organize the Warehouse of Your Business?
A Guide to Choosing Wedding Cakes
The Important Functions of Septic Tanks
Reasons to Install Pole Barn Insulation
Major Advantages of Asphalt Paving Driveways
Categories
Asphalt Paving Driveways
Columbia Roofing Services
Insulation
Septic Services
tree disease
Uncategorized
Wedding Cake
War Lord CyclesHow to Organize the Warehouse of Your Business?A Guide to Choosing Wedding CakesThe Important Functions of Septic TanksReasons to Install Pole Barn Insulation Major Advantages of Asphalt Paving Driveways Check for these Signs if your Tree is Sick Tree or Possibly Dying?SOME OF THE THINGS THAT MIGHT PUT YOUR ROOF IN A BAD CONDITION
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress