https://www.camvaceng.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Call CVE
Email CVE
Privacy Policy
Home›Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Aquasium Technology Limited Website Privacy Notice
This is the privacy notice of Aquasium Technology Limited, trading as Cambridge Vacuum Engineering. In this document, “we”, “our”, or “us” refer to Aquasium Technology Limited, trading as Cambridge Vacuum Engineering.   We are the data controller in respect of your personal data and responsible for your personal data in accordance with this privacy notice.
Introduction
This privacy notice aims to inform you about how we collect and process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information. It tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information. Our policy is not just an exercise in complying with the law, but a continuation of our respect for you and your personal information.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.
Our policy complies with the Data Protection Act 2018 (Act) accordingly incorporating the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regard to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at http://www.knowyourprivacyrights.org
We have a data protection officer (DPO) and if you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please do contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy notice.
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website.
Data we process
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you. We have collated these into groups as follows:
Your identity includes information such as first name, last name, title, date of birth, and other identifiers that you may have provided at some time.
Your contact information includes information such as Contact address, email address, telephone numbers and any other information you have given to us for the purpose of communication or meeting.
Technical data includes your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Marketing data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us; communication preferences; responses and actions in relation to your use of our services.
We may aggregate anonymous data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Anonymous data is data that does not identify you as an individual. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal information in law because it does not reveal your identity.
For example, we may aggregate profile data to assess interest in a product or service.
However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal information so that it can identify you in any way, we treat the combined data as personal information and it will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
The bases on which we process information about you
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Visit http://www.knowyourprivacyrights.org to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant or lawful then we shall immediately stop processing your data.
If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.
Information we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our business, including our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.
If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time to time pass your name and contact information to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful.
We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us via our website contact page.   However, if you do so, you may not be able to use our website or our services further.
Specific uses of information you provide to us
Complaints regarding content on our website
If you complain about any of the content on our website, we shall investigate your complaint.
If we feel it is justified or if we believe the law requires us to do so, we shall remove the content while we investigate.
Free speech is a fundamental right, so we have to make a judgment as to whose right will be obstructed: yours, or that of the person who posted the content that offends you.
If we think your complaint is vexatious or without any basis, we shall not correspond with you about it.
Communicating with us
When you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business.
We keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a high quality service.
Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us.
We use that information to resolve your complaint.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
Affiliate and business partner information
This is information given to us by you in your capacity as an affiliate of us or as a business partner.
The information is not used for any other purpose.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship.
We expect any affiliate or partner to agree to reciprocate this policy.
Other purposes for which we will use your personal data
We use your personal data in the following ways:
personal data that you provide to us is used to:
provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us
provide you with marketing information in accordance with your marketing preferences (see below)
manage and administer our business
review and improve our goods and services
personal data about your use of our website is used to:
administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
to improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our website, when you choose to do so
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure
How we use your personal data for marketing
We will add your details to our marketing database if:
you make an enquiry about our goods or services
you buy our goods or services
you have told a third party that you would like them to pass us your contact details so that we can send you updates about our goods and services
you have registered an account on our website and have indicated during the sign up process that you are happy to receive marketing communications
We may send you marketing communications by email, telephone, automated calls, text message or post.
You can ask us to only send you marketing communications by particular methods (for example, you may be happy to receive emails from us but not telephone calls), about specific subjects or you may ask us not to send you any marketing communications at all.
We may ask you to indicate your marketing preferences when you first register an account on our website.  You can check and update your current marketing preferences at any time by contacting us.
We may use a third party agency for targeted marketing campaigns, where the use of personal data for marketing purposes is authorised as set out in this paragraph.  Otherwise we will never share your personal data with third parties for marketing purposes.
Use of information we collect through automated systems when you visit our website
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you visit any website. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalised experience and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.
Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose. It also should allow you to prevent or limit their use.
Our website uses cookies. They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.
When you first visit our website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we shall not use them for your visit except to record that you have not consented to their use for any other purpose.
If you choose not to use cookies or you prevent their use through your browser settings, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our website.
We use cookies in the following ways:
to track how you use our website
to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our website
to keep you signed in our site
to record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete them
to record the conversation thread during a live chat with our support team
We provide more information about the cookies we use in our cookie policy.
Personal identifiers from your browsing activity
Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are recorded.
We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address. We also record information about the software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution.
We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you.
If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our website.
Our use of re-marketing
Re-marketing involves placing a cookie on your computer when you browse our website in order to be able to serve to you an advert for our products or services when you visit some other website.
We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time. If so, then if you have consented to our use of cookies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other websites.
Disclosure and sharing of your information
Information we obtain from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal information from third parties whose services we use.
No such information is personally identifiable to you.
Data may be processed outside the European Union
Our websites are hosted in the UK.
We may also use outsourced services in countries outside the European Union from time to time in other aspects of our business.
Accordingly data obtained within the UK or any other country could be processed outside the European Union.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
Subject to paragraphs 2 – 5 (inclusive) below, we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries (https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en).
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en).
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield (https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/eu-us-privacy-shield_en).
We will only transfer your personal data to countries in respect of which there is no adequacy decision referred to in paragraph 1 or in respect of transfers to the US, where the provider is not a part of the Privacy Shield under paragraph 3, if we, or our processor, has provided appropriate safeguards in relation to the transfer, and enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies are available. If you would like to know what the relevant safeguards are, please contact us.
Where there is no adequacy decision referred to in paragraph 1 or safeguards referred to in paragraph 4, or, in respect of transfers to the US, the provider is not a part of the Privacy Shield under paragraph 3, we will only transfer your personal data if:
you have explicitly consented to the proposed transfer, and have been informed of the risks of such transfer due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards;
the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between us or due to pre-contractual measures taken at your request;
the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in your interests between us and a third party; or
we are otherwise in compliance with applicable law.
Third-Party Websites
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.  Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.  We do not control those third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Control over your own information
Your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes.
Access to your personal information
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you should contact us to make that request.
After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.
Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you should contact us to make your request.
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
Verification of your information
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Use of site by children
We do not sell products or provide services for purchase by children, nor do we market to children.
How you can complain
If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if you have any complaint then you should tell us.
If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). This can be done at https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to talk to you about your concern before you approach the ICO.
Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
to provide you with the services you have requested;
to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities;
to support a claim or defence in court.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear from you.
However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
Review of this privacy policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use our website. We advise you to print a copy for your records.
If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via our website.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies. Please see the cookie policy here.Ok