https://www.luluguinness.com/security/cookie-policy.html
Your browser is currently set to not accept cookies. To experience the full world of Lulu please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. By enabling them, you are agreeing to our
Cookie Policy
Close
Home
Cookie Policy
Security
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Our site uses cookies to keep track of how often you visit our site, the contents of your shopping bag, previous purchases and to deliver content specific to your interests. (A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser which tracks your movements within websites.) Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may still use most of the features of our website, including the ability to purchase items.
For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note that cookies can't harm your computer. We don't store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the site. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors, or to determine relevant related products to show you when you're browsing.
We're giving you this information as part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation, and to make sure we're honest and clear about your privacy when using our website. We know you'd expect nothing less from us, and please be assured that we're working on a number of other privacy and cookie-related improvements to the website. To make full use of the online shopping and personalised features on luluguinness.com, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalised features of this website by using them.
Our cookies don't store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details: they simply hold the 'key' that, once you're signed in, is associated with this information. However, if you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from luluguinness.com, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this.
Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone's handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Top
close