http://www.nodigequipment.com.au/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Home
Products
NODIG Mole
Microtunneling
Vacuum Excavation
HDD Tools
Pipe Bursting
Lateral Pipe Bursting
Aussie Burst
For Sale
All Products for Sale
Directional Drilling
Microtunneling
Vacuum Excavators
Pipe Bursting
Other
Soil Hammer
Media
Gallery
Videos
Download
Reamer Selection Guide
HDD Tooling Catalogue
NODIG Mole Brochure
Microtunnelling Brochure
Vacuum Machine VMSeries
Testimonials
Repairs and Servicing
News
Contact us
Trenchless Products (Drilling and Boring Equipment) For Sale
Aussie Burst Pipe Bursting Machine | Pipe Replacement System for sale
Horizontal Directional Drilling Products | Vacuum Excavation System | Non-Destructive Digging
Hydraulic Power Pack | Pilot Tube Microtunneling for sale
NoDigMole | A Tool for NBN Fiber Optic Cabling | Soil Hammers for sale
Other Trenchless Technolgy Products | Rock Drill Bits and Vacuum Trailers for sale
Vacuum Excavators
CopyrightsAll material on this site, including, but not limited to items such as logos, clips, images and text are the property of No Dig Equipment. No trade mark, web content or graphic art of ours (whether registered or otherwise) may be used without our prior, specific,written permission. The logos and associated words and devices on this site are our trade marks. Each of our trade marks is protected in Australia and may be the subject of rights in other countries.Limits of Liability and DisclaimersWe have made every effort to provide current and accurate information in the documents published and displayed on this site. However, we do not guarantee that the information contained on this Website will not contain errors, inaccuracies or omissions; makes no warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, and is not accountable for errors or omissions. No Dig Equipment is not liable or responsible to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused, or alleged to be caused, directly or indirectly, by any information contained in this publication.Use AgreementBy accessing this web site, you agree to our privacy and site use policies and to all other matters relating to use of this web site.No dig Equipment reserves the right to modify or remove the site policy any time at our discretion. We will periodically update this page and encourage you to check back frequently to stay informed of any changes.Links to Third Party WebsitesNo Dig does not control any third party website and is therefore not responsible for the content of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. No Dig provides such links only as a convenience to you and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement, investigation or verification of the linked website or any information contained in it.DisclaimerBy providing links to other sites, No Dig Equipment. does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or products available at these sites, nor does a link indicate any association with or endorsement by the linked site to No Dig Equipment.DigiTrak® and Spot-D-Tek® are registered trademarks of Digital Control Incorporated of Renton, Washington, USA.  No Dig Equipment is an authorised distributor of Digital ControlDitch Witch®, and JetTrac® are registered trademarks of The Charles Machine Works, Inc., of Perry, Oklahoma, USA and there is no association with No Dig Equipment.Vermeer®, Firestick®, and Navigator® are registered trademarks of Vermeer Manufacturing Company of Pella, Iowa, USA and there is no association with No Dig Equipment.Terms & Conditions of Credit
The Terms of Payment are Net 30 from end of Month of the No Dig Equipment invoice. Any outstanding Accounts will be charged an interest payment of 10% per annum.
In the event that an overdue account is referred to a collection agency and or Law Firm, you will be liable for all costs which would be incurred as if the debt is collected in full, including all Legal Fees and Demand Costs.
The applicant consents to No Dig Equipment obtaining credit information about the applicant which can contain personal information about the applicant in relation to commercial Credit provided by any credit providers. The applicant understands that this information includes the applicant’s credit worthiness history and capacity which Credit providers are allowed to give under the privacy act.918E
No Dig Equipment reserves the right to refuse or cancel Commercial Credit without notice at any time.
Any change to the status or structure of the applicant/s shall only be effective in respect of this credit account of written notice being provided to No Dig Equipment. All Credit Facilities entered into persuant to the Terms of this Credit account Application shall be deemed to continue in the name/s of the Original Applicant/s.
All Sales and Hire transactions with No Dig Equipment, will be upon the Terms and Conditions specified on our website www.nodigequipment.com.au ‘Terms and Conditions', which will be updated from time to time.
Regarding Credit Card Authorisation form for Hire or Sale
We Will Provide a tax invoice for each rental to the hirer at the conclusion of the rental. If the amount of the invoice is not paid Including, because of the rejection of Credit Card Debit or the subsequent reversal of the debit (by chargeback or otherwise), you must pay the amount of the invoice (Including GST) within 14 days of the invoice not being paid. If you do not pay within 14 days of the date of invoice, you are liable for the Interest on the invoice amount at a rate of 10% calculated and compounded daily until full payment is received.
All collection costs including all legal fees incurred and paid by us and interest at the above rate on any amount paid by us from the date of payment to the date of full repayment (both Dates inclusive) and compounding daily.
Join Our Mailing List
No Dig Equipment Newsletter
In order to download catalogues, brochures and price lists from our website, you need to subscribe to our list. Click here for more info. Thank you for your understanding.
Testimonials
" For over two years now Orpheus Contracting Pty Ltd has been operating a Hanlyma 44/40 HDD machine supplied by No Dig Equipment, and we are pleased to report that the after-sales service has been excellent. The machine itself is a solid performer with serious capabilities - usually more than are required for small jobs - but reliable, easy to operate, uncomplicated and cost-effective. We feel qualified to say that the auxiliary products provided by No Dig Equipment are generally very robust, effective and competitively priced. No Dig pride themselves in being innovative problem solvers, always willing to trial new ideas and product modifications intended to provide solutions to on-site problems. Orpheus Contracting has benefitted from this attitude, and is pleased to endorse No Dig Equipment. " - Will Hepburn from Orpheus Contracting Pty Ltd -