http://www.duracard.com/helpcenter/cards-made-of
topSkip to main article content
Help Center
What Our Cards Are Made Of
Help Center
Contact Us
FAQ
Why Choose Duracard
Our Company
Customer Testimonials
What Our Cards Are Made Of
3 Questions To Ask Your Card Printer
About Magnetic Stripes
About Barcodes
About Writable Surfaces
Glossary
Teslin® is the substrate of choice always used as the core material of our card products that are available online for beautiful quality, fastest delivery and environmental responsibility.
If you don’t already know what Teslin is, you probably have seen and used it without realizing it. Teslin is an eco friendly plastic substrate that is used for gift cards at top retail stores, loyalty cards at national pharmacies, key tags at your favorite fast food chain, even driver identification cards and more. This flexible and porous material prints beautifully, provides extended durability and is environmentally responsible.
Its production requires no deforestation and very little energy. Also, Teslin does not release harmful toxins into its surrounding environment when thrown away, it’s easily recycled or it can be incinerated yielding only water, CO2, energy and ash from silica (a substance found in rocks, sand, and quartz) filler.
Duracard Teslin based products are manufactured using a 10 mil Teslin core that is fuse laminated on the top and bottom with 10 mil luminous UV guard laminate. This results in our beautiful, superior quality 30 mil product. To produce our 20 mil product, we use a 5 mil thermal laminate overlay.
Looking for PVC card products? Call us at 800-318-3500 for the industry's most competitive pricing.
We also offer super high quality, beautifully offset printed PVC products with a slightly longer delivery time, which are used for many bank or credit cards. If your project requires PVC, please call us directly at 800-318-3500 for an instant price quote. PVC products are not available online.
Our PVC products are typically produced by creating a "sandwich" using first a 3 mil top laminate sheet, then a 12 mil PVC top core sheet, then a 12 mil PVC bottom core sheet and finally another 3 mil bottom laminate sheet. The stacked "sandwich" is then platen laminated to produce a 30 mil total thickness. For thinner PVC products, various thickness materials are used to make the "sandwich". We may also use a flood printed luminous UV overcoat that works well for many designs instead of the laminate material, again varying the materials used to create a 30 mil finished product.
Contact Us
Call800-318-3500
E-mailcustomerservice@duracard.com
Live Chat9am - 5pm EST