http://www.indco.com/legal
Skip to main content
×
Legal
Legal
Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, all sales are subject to the following terms and conditions:
The INDCO.com web site is a service operated by INDCO inc ("INDCO"). The INDCO.com site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance, without modification, of the terms and conditions contained in these terms of use. Your use of the INDCO.com site constitutes your agreement to all of these terms of use
INDCO reserves the right to revise these terms of use at anytime. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of these terms of use. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the current terms of use. The most current version of the terms of use can be reviewed by clicking on the "legal" hypertext link located at the bottom of our web pages. Your continued use of the INDCO.com site after INDCO’s posting of any revised terms of use constitutes your agreement to any such revised terms of use. If any such revised terms of use are unacceptable to you, do not access the INDCO.com site.
Permit access and use:
INDCO grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to access and use the INDCO.com site solely for the purpose of searching and viewing information about INDCO and its products and services and for uses internally within your organization.
Accounts
You represent that the information you have provided (or may hereafter provide) to INDCO through the registration process or otherwise is accurate and that you are the individual identified in such information. In the event any such information changes after you supply it to INDCO, you agree to promptly provide INDCO with electronic notice of any such change at the following e-mail address: jmaudlin@INDCO.com.
a. If we issue an account to use the INDCO.com site to you, you agree (a) to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password, and (b) that you are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your username. You agree to notify INDCO immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.b. You agree that INDCO will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your username, either with or without your knowledge. You agree not to use anyone else’s account at any time.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to INDCO. See the privacy statement for disclosures relating to the collection and use of your information.
Changes to site
INDCO may modify, suspend or discontinue any portion of INDCO.com, including the availability of any information contained on the INDCO.com site, at any time for any reason and without notice or liability. INDCO reserves the right, with or without notice to you, to change any of the services offered on INDCO.com including, but not limited to, menu structures, access procedures, software commands, documentation, vendors and/or other services.
Links to external sites
the INDCO.com site may contain hyperlinks to other web sites and internet resources operated by parties other than INDCO ("linked sites"). INDCO has no control over any linked sites. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. INDCO’s inclusion of hyperlinks to linked sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such linked sites or any association with their operators. You acknowledge and agree that INDCO is not responsible for the availability of linked sites and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, privacy policies, or other materials on or available from such linked sites. You further acknowledge and agree that INDCO shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such linked site. The content surrounding any link to the INDCO.com site must not be false or misleading regarding the relationship between INDCO and any third party or the nature of the products and services provided by INDCO. We reserve the right to revoke your right to link to the INDCO.com site at any time. If we so demand, you agree that you will remove any link to the INDCO.com site, or any portion thereof, and will not, directly or indirectly, link to the INDCO.com site or any portion thereof as directed in our demand and will refrain from doing so at anytime after such demand is made.
Disclaimer
while we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the INDCO.com site, we make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, quality, security, suitability, reasonable care, timeliness, availability, truthfulness, or completeness of the information, software, products, or other materials available through the INDCO.com site. Any errors in price or lead time will be noted and corrected when your order is verified by our sales team and before an order confirmation is sent for your approval.
Product feedback
a. INDCO welcomes your feedback regarding many areas of INDCO’s existing business. If you want to send us your feedback, and we hope you do, we simply request that you send it to jmaudlin@INDCO.com. Please provide specific feedback on any aspect of INDCO’s existing products, quality of service, marketing strategies or product availability. Such feedback is appreciated and is an additional way that INDCO can learn how to best satisfy your needs.b. Any feedback you provide to this email address shall be deemed to be non-confidential. INDCO shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis.
Taxes
prices do not include sales, use or other similar federal, state or local taxes. Buyer shall either have a tax-exemption certificate on file with the seller or pay to seller, in addition to the price of the goods, any and all applicable taxes, which may be added to the invoice before you receive the final order confirmation.
Design; extra work; buyer's material
if any order accepted by seller contemplates the preparation of special designs by seller, buyer issuing such order will have a responsible representative specifically approve all designs prepared by seller. If buyer requests extra work not included in the quotation or original order, buyer will pay for the extra work at reasonable rates as determined by seller. In the event spoilage/damage occurs on orders where buyer furnishes any material, seller shall not be liable for replacement of or damage to such material.
Prices and terms
fulfillment of buyer’s order is contingent upon the availability of materials. The price of the goods sold pursuant to the sales contract shall be based upon seller’s prices in effect at the time of shipment and any acceptance of the order will be on the basis of the freight rates in effect at the time of shipment. In the event of an increase or decrease in the applicable freight charges before the material is shipped, such changes in freight charges will be sent to the buyer prior to shipping for approval. Unless otherwise provided on the front side hereof, price is f.o.b. Seller’s point of shipment, and terms of payment shall be required at time of shipment or net 30 days from date of invoice if buyer completes the credit application process and is granted those terms. Seller may assess finance and service charges of 1-1/2 percent per month (or the highest rate allowed by state law) on invoices not paid within stated payment terms. Open account credit status is offered at the discretion of the seller. Seller may discontinue open account status or change credit limit as warranted, in its opinion, by the financial condition and/or credit history of the buyer. Seller may require full or partial payment or payment guarantees in advance of shipment whenever, in its opinion, the financial condition and/or credit history of buyer so warrants. In addition, seller may, at any time, suspend performance of any order or require payment in cash, security or other adequate assurance satisfactory to seller when, in seller’s opinion, the financial condition and/or credit history of buyer warrants such action.
All prices quoted by seller or seller’s representatives are valid for thirty (30) days, unless otherwise stated in writing.
Deliveries and quantities
delivery dates are not guaranteed but are estimated on the basis of immediate receipt by seller of all information to be furnished by buyer and the absence of delay, direct or indirect, resulting from or contributed to by circumstances beyond seller’s reasonable control. Seller shall not be required to maintain closer control of quantity, unless specifically agreed to by seller in writing. Quantities of all goods may be determined by weight. Any claims for shortage must be within 10 days from the date of receipt of the goods by buyer, and in every case the weights found in any particular shipment, including tare, must be given and seller advised as to the method used by buyer in computing the count of goods.
In the event that buyer is unable to accept delivery of the goods at time of shipment, seller shall invoice buyer for the full purchase price as if shipment had been made
Confidential information
all drawings, diagrams, specifications, technical data and other materials furnished by seller and identified by seller as confidential buyer agrees to notreproduce or disclose such information or materials without seller’s prior written consent. This paragraph does not apply to any information already known to and readily accessible in the trade or which may become so through no fault of buyer.
INDCO Modal
×
Save changes