http://www.anrah.co.uk/Anrah-Development-privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The policy of Anrah Development Ltd, is to respect the privacy of all web site visitors to the extent permitted by law. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this web site collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we will protect any information you choose to provide us.
There are three types of information that this site may collect during your visit: web visit logs, cookies, and information voluntarily provided by you.
Anrah Development Ltd site routinely collect and store information from online visitors to help manage those sites and improve service. This information includes the pages visited on the site, the date and time of the visit, the Internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site, the main name and IP address from which the access occurred, the version of browser used, the capabilities of the browser, and search terms used on search engines.
This site makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information; any personally identifiable information is not released to external parties without your consent unless required by law. Cookies are pieces of information stored by your web browser on behalf of a web site and returned to the web site on request.
This site may use cookies for two purposes: to carry data about your current session at the site from one web page to the next, and to identify you to the site between visits. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may turn them off in your browser, or may set your browser to ask you before accepting a new cookie.
Some pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off.
Unless otherwise notified on this site, we will not store data, other than for these two purposes, in cookies. Cookies remain on your computer, and accordingly we neither store cookies on our computers nor forward them to any external parties. Unless otherwise notified on this site, we do not use cookies to track your movement among different web sites and do not exchange cookies with other entities.
Information voluntarily provided by you in the course of using this web site; you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs. For example, you may send us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request information or you may send us your address so we may send you an application or other material.
Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar requests.
We will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information without your consent, except to the extent required by law.
We do not retain the information longer than necessary for normal operations. Each web page requesting information discloses the purpose of that information.
If you do not wish to have the information used in that manner, you are not required to provide it. Please contact the person listed on the specific page, or listed below, with questions or queries regarding this matter.
Contact Information
Anrah Development Ltd, Eastpoint Business Park, Sandy Lane West, Oxford OX4 6LB, United Kingdom
Phone: +44 (0)1865 910289
Mobile: +44 (0) 7939 261743
External Links
Anrah Development Ltd, resources, do not endorse them and are not responsible for their availability, content, or delivery of services. In particular, external sites are not bound by Anrah Development Ltd online privacy policy; they may have their own policies or none at all. You can tell you are leaving the Anrah Development Ltd web site by noting the URL of the destination site.
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
About AnrahOur TeamTestimonialsBlogContact
Services
Business Skills for the STEMM Professional TrainingLeadership Coaching for STEMM leaders
0
Shopping cart is empty.