https://www.steinigke.de/en/data-privacy/
Close menu
Special Offers
Novelties
Lighting
Audio
Hardware
Music instruments
Decoration
Accessories
English
Search
Search
Login
Cart
Privacy statement
Privacy statement
Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH, Andreas-Bauer-Str. 5, 97297 Waldbüttelbrunn, Germany recognizes that privacy is important. We always comply with the provisions of the data protection law.
When you register on our website, we collect, process and use personal data.
The statement below is to give you an overview about how we guarantee privacy and what kind of data is collected and why.
Personal data
Personal data includes any data linked to you as a person such as name, address, e-mail address(es), phone number(s) and date of birth, provided that you shared this information with us.
We store and use your data whenever you approach us via phone, e-mail or our contact form or share information with us in any other form.
Furthermore, we store and use personal data and technical information, if necessary, to prevent abuse or other unlawful acts from happening on our website or to track them down, e.g. to maintain privacy in the event of an attack against our IT systems.
We store and use your data insofar we are legally required to do so, e.g. through an administrative or court order, and in order to secure and enforce our rights and claims as well as for legal defense.
We use your data only in accordance with the applicable legal provisions, this privacy statement and, where applicable, your permission.
Due to technical reasons, further data is being collected when you visit our website. For more details about this data, see below.
Data processing on this web site
Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH automatically collects and saves information in the Server Log Files your browser is transferring to us, such as:
* Type and version of browser
* Operating system
* Referrer URL (the most recently visited website)
* Host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
* Time of the server inquiry
This data cannot be traced back to certain individuals and will not be joined with other data sources. Your data will be deleted after a statistical evaluation.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
In order to work effectively for you, we process your personal data during your purchasing process. We refer to the following legal principles:
- Art. 6 subs. 1 letter a GDPR for obtaining consent for the processing of personal data of individuals involved
- Art. 6 subs. 1 letter b GDPR for the processing of personal data of which the individual is a party and for the performance of a contract or processing operations necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures
- Art. 6 subs. 1 letter c GDPR for the processing of personal data which require the vital interest of the individual or another natural person.
- Art. 6 subs. 1 letter d GDPR for the processing of personal data, for which the company name is subject, which are necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation
- Art. 6 subs. 1 letter f GDPR for processing for the protection of a legitimate interest of a third party or our company, insofar as the interests do not outweigh the fundamental rights and freedoms of the concerned party.
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analyzing service by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. Those are text files stored on your computer and allowing for further analysis of your visit to our website. The information generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States. Within the borders of member states of the European Union or other members of the European Economic Area (EEA), however, Google will shorten your IP address before storing it if “IP Anonymization” has been activated on this website. Only in exceptional circumstances, Google will transfer the IP address in full to a server in the United States before shortening it.
On order of the operator of the website, Google uses this information to evaluate your visit of the website, to create reports about these activities and to provide further services in connection with the use of the website.
The IP address transmitted by your browser will not be joined with other data collected by Google. You can block the storage of cookies through a respective setting of your browser software. However, we point out that in this case you will not be able to fully use all functions of the website.
Furthermore, you can block Google from collecting and processing data generated by cookies and related to your visit of the website (including your IP address) by downloading a browser plugin available under the following link:
For further information about data protection and the terms of use, please refer to
and
We point out that on this website, Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (“IP Masking”).
Another way to prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data in the future is to click on this link. This causes an opt-out cookie to be stored on your device. If you delete your cookies, it will be necessary to repeat this step.
Through a contract with Google Germany GmbH - Google Analytics Germany, we ensure that your personal data is processed exclusively according to our instructions, in most cases within Europe. Your IP address is automatically anonymized on our website.
Google AdWords
This website uses Google AdWords including “Conversion Tracking”. The cookie for conversion tracking is set when a user clicks on an ad placed by Google. These cookies expire after 30 days and do not serve personal identification of individuals. If the user visits certain pages of the website and the cookie has not expired yet, we and Google learn about the user clicking on the ad and being referred to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie so that cookies cannot be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. The collected data is used to create conversion statistics for customers who signed up for “Conversion Tracking”. The customers learn about the total number of users who clicked on the ad and who have been referred to a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag. However, customers do not receive information that could be used to personally identify users. Users who do not wish to participate in “Conversion Tracking” can easily disable the respective cookie via the user settings of their internet browser. These users are not included in the statistics.
AdRoll
NextRoll (AdRoll, 972 Mission St., 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States) and our advertising partners use cookies and other technologies designed to gather and use personal data (e.g. your IP address). We do so to select measureable and personalized advertisement for this website and other advertisers within the network of NextRoll and to analyze and interpret your use of our website using the services of NextRoll (retargeting technology) to provide you with more relevant advertising.
This has the advantage that we can offer you more personalized ads in tune with your interests based on a cookie-based analysis of your usage of our website.
No personal data is stored here.
For the privacy statement and the data protection guidelines of AdRoll, refer to http://www.adroll.com/about/privacy. Via this website, you can, of course, object to an anonymous analysis of your surfing behavior (opt-out).
Google Web Fonts
This site uses so-called web fonts provided by Google to uniformly display fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required Web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. To do so, the browser you are using must connect to Google's servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font is used by your computer. Further information about Google Web Fonts can be found at
and in Google's privacy policy: .
YouTube-Videos
Even the mere opening of Internet pages with embedded YouTube content creates a connection to "Google Double-Click", even if the video is neither clicked on nor played. To better protect your information, we have embedded all YouTube videos on our site in Advanced Privacy Mode (Share/ Embed/ View More/Activate Advanced Privacy Mode): The link "www.youtube.com" becomes www.youtube-nocookie.com). For more information about how YouTube handles your user data, please visit , in the YouTube privacy policy of Google Inc.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. They enable us to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files stored on your hard drive and recorded by your browser. Most of our cookies are so called “session cookies”. After your visit they are deleted automatically. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain any viruses.
What is a cookie?
When visiting a website a small text file is stored on your computer – a so-called cookie. This cookie stores information that can be read by the website when you visit it again at a later time. Many cookies are necessary for the website to function properly. Some other cookies bring benefits for the user: they remember language preferences as well as, for instance, your username. This way you do not have to enter the same information each time you visit the website.
Why does Steinigke Showtechnic use cookies?
Steinigke Showtechnic uses cookies to give you a better user experience matching your personal preferences. Cookies help us to make sure that you do not receive the same information every single time you visit our website. The performance of a website can also be optimized this way.
They help you find a specific product faster or facilitate the checkout process.
Steinigke Showtechnice has taken appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and to prevent any possible loss of information or any form of unlawful processing.
How can I disable cookies?
You can modify your browser settings to disable all cookies. Please note: If you disable cookies, your user name and password will no longer be stored on any website.
Firefox:
1. Open your Firefox browser.
2. Press the “Alt” button on your keyboard.
3. Select “Menu” and then “Options” in your toolbar.
4. Select “Privacy”.
5. Select “Firefox will create a history according to custom settings”.
6. Deselect “Accept cookies” and save your settings.
Internet Explorer:
1. Open your Internet Explorer browser.
2. Select “Extras” and then “Internet options”.
3. Select the tab “Data protection”.
4. Remove the marking in the “Cookies” section and save your settings.
Google Chrome:
1. Open your Google Chrome browser.
2. Select “Settings”.
3. Select “Show extended settings”.
4. Select “Content settings” in the “Data protection” section.
5. In the “Cookies” section you can disable cookies and save your settings.
Safari:
1. Open your Safari browser.
2. Select “Settings” (grey gearwheel in the upper right corner) and select “Privacy”.
3. In the “Accept cookies” section you can specify if and when Safari is to accept cookies from websites. For further information, refer to “Help”.
4. If you wish to learn more about the cookies stored on your computer, refer to “Show cookies”.
Apps
online and offline applications / programs for device control of light or sound
We use various online portals, mostly the Apple AppStore (for iOS devices) and Google Playstore (for Android devices), to publish apps which provide control interfaces for the products we distribute.
As issuer of these apps, we assume no liability for the functionality of the final setup, no matter if the app has been used according to its intended function or in a way not foreseen by the developer, as the interaction between app and device depends on several local factors in the application environment that are beyond our control.
For situations in which 100% reliability of the lighting control system is required, a wired control technology (typically) is to be preferred.
Data collection when installing the apps
Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH does not collect data while you are installing our applications. No registration required. The app store providers, however, might collect data for analysis at installation whereupon Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH has no influence. We therefore ask you to take note of the relevant data protection instructions of the app store provider.
This collection of data, however, is expressly not operated by the issuer of the app (Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH), but is automated by Apple or Google (e.g. by using the tool "Analytics") when the app is being downloaded on the platforms.
Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH is neither involved in the supply of the collected device-related data nor can we prevent it on our part.
If the providers of the platforms collect further, possibly personal, data, Steinigke Showtechnic assumes no liability.
Data collection when using the apps:
The use of the internal functions of the apps does not require any personal data. Our apps work locally on the smartphone / tablet and use no personal data, profiles and settings as part of the envisaged use.
There is no data being transferred to us. Settings, user-defined device lists etc. are only stored locally on the device and can be expanded by our available equipment lists only on request of the user.
The only external online connection (accessible manually only) is the download of provided device databases or setups.
We guarantee that in our computer system, no personal information is collected, processed or stored.
Privacy Statement for the use of Facebook plugins
Plugins of the social network Facebook, provided by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated in our website. You can recognize the Facebook plugins by the Facebook logo or the "Like Button" on our site. You can find an overview of the Facebook plugins here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our website, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Like" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our sites on your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to assign your visit to our sites to your user account. We point out that we as providers of the website have no knowledge of neither the content of the transmitted data nor the way it is used by Facebook. For more information, please refer to the privacy policy of Facebook at http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php .
If you do not wish that Facebook assigns your visit to our website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook account.
Contact form
When you send us inquiries via the contact form, the data you filled into the form (including the contact information necessary for the processing of your inquiry or sorting out further questions about your inquiry) will be stored. However, we do not forward this data to third parties without your permission.
Objection to junk mail
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of the contact data published as part of our duty to publish an imprint to send us advertising or informational materials that we have not expressly requested. The providers of this website reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited advertising material being sent to us.
Newsletter
We send newsletters with promotional information (hereinafter "newsletter") only with the consent of the recipients.
Double-Opt-In and reporting
For the processing of the data, your consent will be obtained during the registration process and reference will be made to this privacy policy. The registration for our newsletter is carried out in a double opt-in procedure, i.e. after registration you will receive an e-mail asking you to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that no one can register with foreign e-mail addresses.
The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements.
Use of the "Inxmail" dispatch service provider
The newsletter is sent by Inxmail GmbH, Wentzingerstr. 17, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.
The email addresses of our newsletter recipients and their other data described in this notice are stored on Inxmail's servers in Germany. Inxmail uses this information to send and evaluate the newsletter on our behalf. Furthermore, Inxmail may use this data to optimise or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimisation of the dispatch and presentation of the newsletters. However, Inxmail does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to write to them itself or pass them on to third parties. We have concluded a contract with Inxmail for order data processing. Inxmail works in compliance with the EU data protection basic regulation.
Statistical survey and analyses
The newsletters contain a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from the Inxmail GmbH server when the newsletter is opened. Technical information such as browser data and your system, your IP address and the time of access are collected in the course of this retrieval. This information is used for technical improvements to the services.
Statistical surveys also include determining whether the newsletter was opened, when it was opened and which links were clicked. This information is not assigned to individual recipients, but is only stored anonymously. The evaluations serve to identify the reading habits of our users and to adapt our contents to them.
Cancellation/revocation
You can cancel the receipt of our newsletter at any time and thereby revoke your consent. For this purpose you will find a link at the end of each newsletter to unsubscribe from the newsletter. Your consent to its dispatch via Inxmail and the statistical analyses will then cease to apply.
To whom we forward your data
We forward your data only to bodies within the European Economic Area (EEA) which are subject to either the strict data protection laws of the European Union or the duty of maintaining a certain level of privacy.
Service companies
We do forward some of your data to several service companies involved in processing your orders as they require data such as name and address in order to carry out the payment and delivery procedures.
If you wish to be notified about the arrival of your products in advance, we will forward your phone number and / or e-mail address to the carrier.
Apart from that, we forward data to third parties for independent use in the following cases:
- Delivery of goods to logistics companies and postal operators
- Payment of goods to payment service providers or banks
Please note: In case of payment via credit card we store data such as the credit card number solely for the purpose of verifying your identity with the bank and thereby preventing abuse.
Payment via EC card or credit card is available only in our shop.
For clearance and processing of your payment via EC card we use the EC cash system.
- We might be legally obligated by existing data protection laws to forward personal data to third parties or federal bodies, e.g. through administrative or court order, if it is deemed necessary to, for instance, prosecute criminal offences.
We also have the right to forward data if it is necessary for securing and enforcing our rights and claims.
Security of your data
In order to effectively prevent loss or abuse of your data by third parties, we take both technical and organizational measures.
Our employees processing customers’ personal data are obligated to comply with the data secrecy.
Our technical security measures are frequently checked and, if necessary, modernized.
These principles are also valid for companies hired by us to check and adjust your data.
Right to access your personal data
You have the right to request information about your personal data stored, its origin and recipient as well as the purpose of storage at any time. You will receive information about the stored data via an inquiry with us:
Per Post:
Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH, Andreas-Bauer-Str. 5, 97297 Waldbüttelbrunn
Per E-Mail: datenschutz@steinigke.de
The responsible body as defined by the data protection law is:
Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH, Managing Directors Bernd Steinigke and Matthias Schwab, Andreas-Bauer-Straße 5, 97297 Waldbüttelbrunn.
In addition to this right to information, you have the right to correct, delete and block this personal data. A corresponding message to us is sufficient for this. Data that we have to store due to legal or contractual storage obligations will be blocked instead of being deleted in order to prevent use for other purposes.
Due to the legally prescribed retention obligation for fiscal documents (usually 10 years after the last business transaction), your personal data will be deleted at the earliest 10 years after the last transaction or, if there are no more legal or contractual retention periods to prevent deletion, upon request.
Additional permission to the use of your personal data / Right of withdrawal & objection
In accordance with legal provisions, we require your explicit permission for certain actions such as sending advertising e-mails.
Such permissions are recorded in compliance with existing data protection laws and can be withdrawn or objected anytime.
We will do our best to respond to your withdrawal or objection request as fast as possible. Please understand, however, that this might sometimes take a bit longer for technical reasons and you might still receive messages from us during this time.
If you wish to object the use of data as described under the headline “Data processing on this website” please follow the instructions given in this section. In general, it is sufficient to simply send us a message if you wish to withdraw your permission. To do so, you can send us an e-mail or a letter to one of the following addresses with no expenses to be incurred except transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs:
By mail: Steinigke Showtechnic GmbH, Andreas-Bauer-Str. 5, 97297 Waldbüttelbrunn
By e-mail: datenschutz@steinigke.de
In case of our newsletter, it is sufficient to click the “Unsubscribe” button provided in the e-mail.
Credit check and scoring
We reserve the right to obtain and store a credit check and/or trade reference from the “IHD Kreditschutzverein e.V.” when initiating new business relations or checking already established relations.
Furthermore, we record payment incidents, which we take into account for determining your credit limit for payments via SEPA direct debiting.
Further information
As your trust is of major importance to us, we are prepared to answer your questions regarding the processing of your personal data at all times. Should you have any questions not clarified in this privacy statement or should you wish further information on a certain section, do not hesitate to contact our data protection official Dieter Matzat. datenschutz@steinigke.de
Information about the use of your e-mail address(es)
We only use your e-mail address(es) for the correspondence necessary to process your order, send you offers or answer inquiries.
Furthermore, we will occasionally send you offers or information about our products and events as long as you do business with us.
Your data will not be forwarded to third parties without your permission.
Please wait while the page is loading...
Our brands
Our sales brands
Opening hours:Open - closing at
4:00 pm Mo.-Th.
9:00 am -
5:00 pmFr.
9:00 am -
4:00 pm
Contact:
+49 931 4061 600 info@steinigke.de
Address: Steinigke Showtechnic GmbHAndreas-Bauer-Str. 5D-97297 Waldbüttelbrunn
Memberships:
about-us contact and approach career social media
payment shipping
data privacy terms and conditions imprint
Apps
Methods of payment:
Pay in advance Hire purchase
Sofortüberweisung
Logistics partners:
Advertising material: Download main catalogues
Social media:
Cookies and tracking
In order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (e.g. navigation, shopping cart, customer account) we use so-called cookies.
In addition, we use cookies, pixels and comparable technologies to adapt our website to preferred behaviour, to obtain information about the type of use of our website for optimisation purposes and to be able to display personalised advertising.
For advertising purposes, this data may also be passed on to third parties, such as search engine providers, social networks or advertising agencies.
Further information on this can be found in our
data protection declaration
under the sub-item Cookies.
Below you can give your consent by clicking the "Allow cookies" button or restrict the use of cookies and tracking by clicking the "Allow selection" button.
Necessary
These are cookies that are necessary for the basic functions of our website (e.g. navigation, shopping cart, customer account). For this reason, these cannot be eliminated.
Analysis and statistics
These cookies enable our website to adapt to preferred behaviour (e.g. language settings).
This allows us to collect information about the way in which our website is used, which helps us to further optimise our website for you.
Please refer to our data protection declaration for details on processing and transmission to third parties.
NextRoll
NextRoll and our advertising partners use cookies and similar technologies on this website and on the Internet
that collect and use personal information (such as your IP address) to select and serve measurable and personalised advertisements
for this website and other advertisers on NextRoll's network and to analyse and understand your use of our websites using NextRoll's services.
Even if you now accept cookies, you may withdraw your consent at any time by visiting them Page
OR by clicking the Ad Options icon on an ad placed by NextRoll.
Allow selection
Allow Cookies