https://www.copperandoptic.com/compliance/certifications-and-policies/
Home
Compliance
Certifications & Policies
Certifications & Policies
Copper & Optic are proud to have a strict code of conduct, a commitment to sustainable business and a passionate team of fully qualified staff – all of which provide complete confidence for our customers. We can tailor a paperwork trail that is bespoke to your business and its electronic assembly requirements.
We manufacture custom to your requirements
Make An Enquiry
Certifications
We’re a company that takes pride in improving our processes and management systems to provide the very best products and service for our customers. As a result, we have a range of certifications to demonstrate our ability to perform to an exceptionally high standard.
Click the links below to download our certificates:
EN 9100
BS EN ISO 9001
ISO 14001
FAA AC 00-56B
JOSCAR
Cyber Essentials Certificate
Policies
Our commitment to sustainability and ethics is what sets us apart. As a responsible, globally trading company, we believe that it is vital that we’re transparent with our customers. Download our policies and learn exactly what our trading standards are, and how we intend to operate when handling cable, harness, PCB and fibre optic assembly.
Click the links below to download our policies:
Supplier Code of Ethical Behaviour – A471
Conflict Minerals Policy Statement – A432
Environmental Policy – A490
Health & Safety Policy – A418
Modern Slavery Policy – A479
Quality Policy – A054
REACH Statement – A435
Air Worthiness Safety Policy – A440
Counterfeit Parts Policy – A519
Upload your technical drawings and talk to our team
Upload Your Technical Drawing
Manage Cookie Settings
Copper & Optic uses cookies and other tracking technology to improve the performance of our site, analyse your use of it and measure our marketing efforts.
For more information and to read more about our privacy policy, please visit our Privacy Policy
Analytics cookies
Copper & Optic uses cookies and other tracking technology to improve the performance of our site, analyse your use of it and measure our marketing efforts.
For more information and to read more about our privacy policy, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Accept Cookies
Manage Cookies