http://www.milios.com/privacy-policy
skip to Main Content
DOWNLOAD OUR APP
LOCATIONS / ORDERLOGIN
MILIO’S SANDWICHES, LLC PRIVACY POLICY
At Milio’s Sandwiches, LLC together with its subsidiary and affiliated companies including, without limitation,BIG MIKE’S SUPER SUBS OF WISCONSIN, INC., BIG MIKE’S SUPER SUBS FRANCHISE SYSTEMS, INC., and LIAUTAUD FAMILY INVESTMENTS, LLC (referred to as “Company”, “us” or “we”), recognize that your privacy is important. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for the Company’s family of websites accessible at www.milios.com (collectively, the “Site”), as well as related products and services we may offer to you (collectively referred to as the “Services”). This Policy also covers how personal and other information that we receive or collect about you is treated. Please read the information below to learn the following regarding your use of this Site.
You acknowledge that this Policy is designed to be read in connection with the Site Terms and Conditions of Use, which is available at www.milios.com/terms and that by accessing or using our Site, you agree to be bound by the Site’s terms and conditions, as well as this Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by updating this page. Your continued use of the Site and or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Policy; and (b) your agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please feel free to contact us at: webmaster@milios.com.
1. Types of Information We Collect
In order to better provide you with the products offered on the Site from time to time, we collect two types of information about our users: Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Aggregate Information.
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. When you engage in certain activities on this Site, such as registering for an account, purchasing a product or service, or communicating with us, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself or your company.
Examples of PII may include your first and last name, company name, email address, mailing address (including zip code), employer, job title and department, telephone/and facsimile numbers, and other identifying information. When ordering products or services on the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number.
Aggregate Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on our Site and what other sites may have directed you to us. This information, which is collected in a variety of different ways, is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the website’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that points to the site you just came from, which URL you go to after visiting our Site, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
2. How We Collect and Use Information
We do not collect any PII about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain PII to us when you elect to order sandwiches and other products available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) participating in surveys conducted by us, our franchisees or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from us, our franchisees, partners or selected third parties; (d) sending us, our franchisees or partners an email message; (e) submitting a form or transmitting other information through the Site; or (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. When processing certain information, such as payment information with affiliated banking institutions or payment processors, we encrypt the transaction, using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, in order to prevent your PII from being stolen or intercepted. Additionally, your credit card information is never stored on our servers and is handled through third-party payment processing services.
We will primarily use your PII to provide product or service offerings to you. We will also use certain forms of PII to enhance the operation of our Site, improve our internal marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze Site use, improve our product and service offerings, and customize our Site’s content, layout, and Services. We may use PII to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. Finally, we may use your PII to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and administer our agreements with you, including our Site Terms of Use, and this Policy.
We may also collect, or our third party partners may collect, certain Aggregate Information. For example, we may use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our Site and to gather demographic information. Our third party advertising partners may also provide us with aggregate, but not individual, reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked upon at our Site.
3. Cookies and Other Technologies
Depending on how you use our Site, we may store cookies on your computer in order to collect certain aggregate data about our users and to customize certain aspects of your specific user experience. A cookie is a small data text file which is stored on your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. Cookies may also include more personalized information, such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and your first name to welcome you back to our Site. We may use cookies and other technologies to perform tasks such as: monitoring aggregate site usage metrics, storing and remembering your passwords (if you allow us to do so), storing account preferences that you have set, and personalizing the Services we make available to you. However, we do not use cookies to track your browsing behaviors.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some aspects of the Site may not function properly if you elect to disable cookies.
4. Release of Information
We will not sell, trade, or rent your PII to others. We do provide some of our product and service offerings through contractual arrangements made with affiliates, franchisees, service providers, partners, licensors, licensees and other third parties (“Service Partners”). We and our Service Partners may need to use some PII in order to perform tasks between our respective sites, or to deliver products or services to you. For example, our credit processor must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased on this Site; and we must release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you order and provide order information to third parties that help us provide customer service.
We will encourage our Service Partners to adopt and promote strong privacy policies. However, the use of your PII by our Service Partners is governed by the respective privacy policies of those providers, and is not subject to our control. Except as otherwise discussed in this Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other Sites accessible through this Site, including our Advertising and Service Partners, have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each Site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
Occasionally we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide PII to the appropriate governmental authorities. In such cases, we will disclose PII upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
We may also provide Aggregate Information about our customers’ sales, traffic patterns, and related Site information to third party advertisers, but these statistics do not include any Personally Identifiable Information.
5. Updating and Correcting Information
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the PII that you have provided to us. You may change any of your PII in your account online at any time by linking to your account through the following link [NEED TO ADD HOT LINK HERE].
We encourage you to promptly update your PII if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, some information, such as past transactions or other information, may not be deleted. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.
6. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information
We may, from time to time, send you email regarding new products and services that we feel may interest you. In addition, if you indicated upon registration that you are interested in receiving offers or information from us and our partners, we may occasionally call or send you direct mail about products and services that may be of interest to you. Only the Company (or agents working on behalf of Company and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these solicitations, and only if you have previously indicated that you wish to receive them. If you do not want to receive solicitations from us, you can “opt-out” by accessing your account online and editing your account information to no longer receive such offers and mailings.
You also have choices with respect to cookies, as described above. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies some parts of our Site may not work properly in your case.
7. Security of Your PII
At our Site you can be assured that your PII is secure consistent with current industry standards. We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of your PII. For example:
• We work hard to ensure that the data we collect is reliable, accurate, complete and current. We encrypt all PII, in order to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us. We collect information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law,and use it only for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements.
• We employ a number of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect PII. Our secure servers and our data centers are protected by industry-standard encryption, and our servers reside behind firewalls and employ high-level password protection.
• Finally, access by you to your PII is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
In order to most effectively serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking institutions and processing agents. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and deliver your order.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your PII, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
8. Miscellaneous
You must be at least 13 years old to have our permission to use this Site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose PII of persons under 13 years of age.If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you have any questions, concerns or inquiries about our Privacy Policy, or our use of your PII, or our privacy practices, please contact us at: webmaster@milios.com. You can also reach our Privacy Compliance Officer by sending written correspondence to:
Milio’s Sandwiches, LLC
901 Deming Way
Suite 202
Madison, WI 53717
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer
June 2016
Get Milio's in Your Inbox
Okay, so we can't actually email you sandwiches, but we do deliver. Join Milio's Sandwiches email list and you'll be the first to know about coupons, sweepstakes, announcements and more!
NameEmail*
Preferred Store- Select a Store -Store - IA - 151 Highway 1 West | Iowa City - IAStore - IA - 1621 S. First Ave. | Iowa City -Store - IA - 266 Blairs Ferry Rd. NE. | Cedar Rapids - IAStore - IA - 3521 1st Ave. SE | Cedar Rapids - IAStore - MN - 12615 Valley View Rd. | Eden Prairie - MNStore - MN - 23480 Highway 7 | Shorewood - MNStore - MN - 3813 W. 44th St. | Minneapolis - MNStore - WI - 10 Viking Dr. / Reedsburg - WIStore - WI - 1011 North Edge Trail | Verona - WIStore - WI - 115 E. Broadway | Monona - WIStore - WI - 116 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 1604 E. Racine St. | Janesville - WIStore - WI - 2145 Regent St. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 2202 East Johnson St. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 2228 Humes Rd. | Janesville - WIStore - WI - 242 Century Ave. | Waunakee - WIStore - WI - 245 E. Business Highway 151 | Platteville - WIStore - WI - 2570 Rimrock Rd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 2932 Fish Hatchery Rd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 306 Junction Rd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 377 E. Campus Mall | Madison - WIStore - WI - 407 W. Main St. | Sun Prairie - WIStore - WI - 410 Phillips Blvd. | Sauk City - WIStore - WI - 4292 East Towne Blvd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 4601 Cottage Grove Rd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 462 Commerce Dr. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 4905 Commercial Ave. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 5534 Eastpark Blvd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 6236 University Ave. | Middleton - WIStore - WI - 6698 Odana Rd. | Madison - WIStore - WI - 8333 Greenway Blvd. | Middleton - WIStore - WI - 935 8th St. | Baraboo - WIStore - WI - 512 Springdale St. | Mount Horeb - WI
Find a Milio's
Let's Get Social!
We're Hiring
Our Menu
In The Kitchen
Own a Milio's
PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Lange & Sohne Langematik Perpetualcomes withALS traditional style, which means any genuine and richardmillereplicawatches.com delicate rounded case finished on the top, covered about the attributes, together with macho and also direct lugs.
Back To Top×