http://www.hydra-dyne.com/t-p_policies.aspx
FREE SHIPPING
on orders over $250. Applies to online orders only. Valid within the US.
Surcharge applied to order totals below the minimum order amount.
View Shipping Rates & Details
Policies
Hydradyne Privacy and Security Policies
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Hydradyne LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the hydradynellc.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Hydradyne LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Hydradyne LLC collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
•    To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
•    To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
•    To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
•    To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
•    To send periodic emails
Email
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Changes to this privacy policy
Hydradyne LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Hydradyne LLC
www.hydradynellc.com
15050 FAA Boulevard Fort Worth, TX 76155
(817) 391-1575
Shop Parts
Filtration
Fluid Connectors
Instrumentation
Motion Systems
Complimentary Product Lines
Custom Products
Clearance Corner
Customer ItemsProduct Lines
Parfit - Filter Interchange
Bulk Lookup Tool
Services & Fabrication
Fabrication
Engineering and System Solutions
Tower Erection Hoists
Cambering Machines
Custom Hose Assemblies & Kits
Services
In-House Service and Repair
On-Site Service and Repair
Hose Doctor
Hagglunds / Gold Cup Pumps
Preventative Maintenance
Solutions
AFEX Fire Suppression
Custom Projects
Electric Power Take-Off
Graco Disinfectant Sprayers
Hose Crimper Programs
Hydradyne Monitoring System
Preventative Maintenance
Tower Erection Hoists
Transair Compressed Air Systems
Find a Location
Find a Hydradyne Location
Parker Stores
Parker Truck Centers
About Us
About Hydradyne
Careers
Contact Us
Hydradyne's History
Ideas in Motion Blog
Industries We Serve
ISO & Quality
x
(x)