https://www.reliablesprinkler.com/green-policy/
CPVC Pipe and Fittings
Electrical Equipment
Fabrication
Fire Department Equipment
Fire Pump Test Meters
Flexible Drops & Seismic Solutions
Foam, Tanks & Proportioners
Grooved Couplings & Fittings
Hose Valves
Nitrogen Systems
OS&Y, Check, and Butterfly Valves
PEX
Pipe Fabrication
Pipe Hangers & Fasteners
Residential Fire Pumps & Tanks
Sprinkler System Expansion Tanks
Steel Pipe
Welded Outlets and Drop Nipples
New Products
Featured Solutions
Toggle Sub Menu
Attic Protection
Case Study: TNL280 Deluge Nozzle
DDV Diaphragm Deluge Valve
DDX PrePaK
Dry System Valves
In-Rack Fire Sprinkler Solutions
KRes & KFR Fusible Link Sprinklers
Reliable’s Grooved Products by Titus
System Component Spotlight
WP Window Series Sprinklers
Wrench-able Caps
End-User Solutions
Resources
Toggle Sub Menu
Application Chart
Forms and Documents
Live Webcasts
Marketing Literature
Pricing Updates
Spray Distribution Patterns
Sprinkler Nerd Heaven
Search
Home Green Policy
Green Policy
December 2017
Dear Valued Customer,
Reliable Automatic Sprinkler Co., Inc. is pursuing a GREEN POLICY. We are committed to protecting our environment by developing products that use recycled materials that reduce the use of natural resources. The purpose of this letter is to highlight Reliable’s use of recycled products.
Our fire sprinkler and valve product lines are manufactured using primarily recycled materials. The exact amount will vary based on the type and size of the specific item, and the variety of components and finishes used.
On average by weight, sprinklers are made from 92% to 98% recycled material, which is typically 95% post-industrial and 5% post-consumer.
Valves are made from 95% to 99% recycled material, which is also typically 95% post-industrial and 5% post-consumer.
Should you have questions regarding a specific product or products, please contact your local Customer Order Department.
Thank you for your continued interest in Reliable products.
Sincerely,RELIABLE AUTOMATIC SPRINKLER CO., INC.
Sign Up For Our eUpdates
Sign up for eUpdates on our Contact Us page
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. For more information about how your data is handled, see our privacy policy.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Warning!
You are using an outdated browser. Things may not appear as intended. We recommend updating your browser to the latest version.
Close
Close