http://www.kinco.com/contact-us/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 1, 2010
Kinco, LLC (“Kinco”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. For this reason, we provide this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to describe the personal information that is collected when you sign up to use our website or other products or services, or when you otherwise interact with us. In addition to this Policy, for certain special offers, areas of our website, or certain services or activities, we may supply different or additional personal information practices and terms specific to those programs. By using our site, using our other products or services, or otherwise providing information to us, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy.
This Policy applies to personally identifiable information, or “personal information,” that we collect when you visit our website, or use or access our other products or services. It also applies to personal information we collect when you otherwise interact with us, such as when you make a payment, place an order, submit images, and submit contact requests for the Kinco Team. This Policy also applies to personal information that we may receive from our partners and third-party sources.
Personal Information
Personal information under this Policy is personal information that we directly associate with a specific person such as the person’s name, address, phone or fax number, email address, account information (e.g., credit card information and online registration), online activities or other specific personal information. Our definition of personal information does not include “aggregate” personal information. This is information that we collect about a group or category of services or people that does not contain any personal information or from which we or our agents remove any personal information.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect personal information about you in the normal course of our business when you shop on our site or when you use our services or otherwise interact with us. The various ways in which we may obtain personal information from you are described below.
Personal Information You Provide. We collect personal information that varies with your purchases and what information you choose to provide to us. We collect personal information when you sign up for, purchase, or use our products or services, or when you email, call or otherwise communicate with us. We collect personal information when you call or email our customer service representatives, when you request a catalog, when you submit images, when you submit donation/sponsorship requests, when you pay for products or services, or when you contact us about a product or service you have previously purchased. In some cases, the personal information we ask you to provide will be mandatory for purposes of participating in a particular activity or service. If you do not provide this personal information, your participation may be limited or prohibited.
Automatically Collected Personal Information. We receive certain types of personal information automatically whenever you use our services. For example, when your web browser accesses our site, we obtain certain types of personal information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, and the page you visited before visiting our site.
Personal information From Other Sources. We may receive personal information about you from other sources. For example, we may also purchase certain personal information from others to better inform you about our products, services, and offers that we think will interest you. This Policy applies to personal information we obtain from other sources as well as to any personal information that we add to or combine with personal information otherwise covered by this Policy.
Our Use of Personal Information
We use the personal information we collect for a variety of purposes; for example, to provide products or services, process and complete transactions, ship or otherwise deliver goods or services, respond to requests, make internal business decisions, evaluate available offers and make decisions about services offered, protect our rights or property, create products and services, anticipate and resolve actual or potential problems with our products and services, and inform you of products, services and offers that we believe you will find of interest.
Below are some additional, more specific examples of how we use personal information:
We may use personal information to offer products and services for marketing and promotional services, including without limitation, sending emails about product offerings and general promotions. We also offer opt-out choices for emails, as described in detail below.
We use your billing and credit card personal information to process your orders for products and services, to deliver products and services to you, and to bill you for them.
We may use your personal information to verify and validate your identity.
We may aggregate information about your activities and services to help us determine your potential interest in other products or services.
Although our site is intended primarily for U.S. users, we may transfer personal information about you worldwide in any manner consistent with this Policy.
We keep information as a record of our interactions with you. If you place an order or otherwise deal with us or our representatives over the telephone, we may record the conversation. Personal information referenced in the call may be recorded or entered into another media (e.g., a computer). We may also keep emails we receive from you.
We may provide notice of unauthorized access or other invasions of certain security systems, as required by law or otherwise. We may do so by posting notice on our site or sending notice to any email address we have for you, or by other means. You understand that notice to you will count as notice to others using your account and you agree to pass this notice on to them.
We may use personal information about you to deal with legal process, as described below.
We may use personal information about you in an attempt to do any or all of the following: (i) prevent or investigate fraud, crimes, unauthorized use of personal information or the site, or economic or personal harm to anyone (including us); (ii) facilitate product recalls; and (iii) to investigate, protect, defend, or enforce our rights and property or those of anyone else. In listing these types of actions where we may use personal information, we are not promising to take any such action and we will take or not take such action in our sole discretion.
It is impossible to list every lawful use that we might make of personal information and the above examples are not intended to do so – they are only a general description and are for illustration.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as described in this Policy, our business practice is not to disclose personal information about you to anyone outside of Kinco and its affiliates without your consent. We disclose personal information as follows:
With Your Consent. We disclose personal information about you to third parties with your consent. We may obtain consent from you in several ways, such as in a form or agreement; online, through “click-through” agreements or registration pages; verbally, through interactive voice response; or when your consent is part of the terms and conditions through which we provide you a particular product or service. Your consent is sometimes implicit. For example, if you purchase a product through our site and ask that it be shipped to your home or other address, you implicitly consent to our disclosure of your name and address to third-party fulfillment and shipping companies to complete delivery, of your credit card number to the credit card processor to authorize the transaction, and to the bank to collect payment.
Product or Service Fulfillment. We may disclose personal information to third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf, transactions on your behalf, or transfers related to providing products or services to you. For example, we may contract with third parties to host a site, fulfill orders, collect and provide products reviews, or send our emails. Through contracts with these third parties, we restrict the manner in which they may use and disclose personal information about you without your consent.
Certain Business Transfers. Personal information may be disclosed as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition, joint venture, corporate reorganization, financing or sale of company assets. It may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets in the transaction.
Legal Process; Protection of MuckBlocker, LLC and Others. We may disclose personal information to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena); to enforce or apply any contracts or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for products or services; to protect our rights or property; in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation; to protect ourselves and our customers from the harmful acts of others (e.g., theft, fraud, or abuse); or if we determine disclosure of personal information is necessary in an emergency.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use “cookies” or other tracking mechanisms to help support the integrity of registration and buying processes on our site, to retain changes that you made (e.g., if you personalize a page), and to learn about your possible interests so that we can try to personalize marketing. A “cookie” is a small data file that our site transfers to your computer for storage to allow our server to “remember” specific personal information. We also use cookies or similar information for typical business purposes such as to administer the site, to track and analyze visitor traffic so that we can adjust the site, and to advertise and promote our products and services. The cookies or other tracking mechanisms collect at least the following: your domain name and host for Internet access; the Internet address of the site from which you came; the date and time of your access; and your computer’s IP address and information about its operating system and browser. These technologies help us to combat fraud or misuse and to remember things like: (1) the profile facts you tell us about yourself, (2) your specified areas of interest on our sites, (3) the items you’ve placed in your shopping basket, and (4) the pages you visit as you shop. In our emails we use “pixel tags” to determine if your email software or service can display html-formatted email (this helps us optimize the size of our messages and conserve bandwidth). Depending on the software browser you use, you may opt-out of the cookies by changing the setting on your computer. Be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser, not just the ones that may be delivered by our websites.
Access to Personal Information
We do not maintain all personal information in a form that can be accessed or updated by you and some items may not be changed (e.g., transaction records). Accordingly, we will determine what may be accessed and how; we may also keep a record of changes (including deletions) and disclose them for lawful purposes. We keep personal information for as long as we think is necessary or advisable and we reserve the right to retain it to the full extent not prohibited by law. We may discard personal information in our discretion so you should retain your own records. Often it is not feasible or advisable to discard personal information (such as commingled personal information), so we reserve the right to retain it but treat it as inactive or discarded. You may make a request for us to update personal information (that is eligible for updating) by contacting our Customer Service department via email, telephone, or mail (see below for specific addresses and numbers); typically it takes us about two days to process an update request but it may take longer.
Security of Personal Information
We take physical, electronic, and procedural measures to protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure while it is under our control. Even so, security breaches and mistakes can and do happen and we do not guarantee the security of personal information.
We employ Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) encryption technology during transmission of personal information you input on this site. Our 128-bit SSL certificate safely encrypts all submission forms, my account, and online checkout pages, including your credit card information. In addition, we use the PayLeap credit card gateway to securely process all credit card transactions.
Except for those transmissions, you should assume the site is not encrypted. Standard email communications are not encrypted, so do not include sensitive personal information in them. “Phishing,” imposters, and fake websites are a fact of modern life.
What Can You Do To Protect Personal Information
At any time, if you believe personal information about you within our control has been accessed by unauthorized persons, please contact us at the address noted below.
Emails
To opt out of receiving further marketing emails from Kinco, use the method provided in the email (such as clicking on a link). Please note that any information that we have collected may remain in backup storage, archival, and/or our log files, for some period of time after a deletion request. This may be the case even though no information about you remains actively used as described in this Privacy Policy.
Children
We do not solicit or knowingly collect information from minors under the age of 13, in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). For more information about COPPA, please visit: http://www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm.
Other Applicable Terms
This Policy does not modify or alter any applicable agreement you have or may have with Kinco. For example, our Terms of Use govern your use of our site. Additionally, your use of certain products or services, or your participation in certain special events or activities, may be subject to one or more applicable agreements, and certain other terms may all apply to your use, purchase, or participation. If this Policy conflicts with any portion of those terms and agreements, those terms and agreements govern to the extent of the inconsistency.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our personal information practices. We will update this Policy if our practices change or if laws or regulations require that we change it. If we decide to disclose personal information in a way that is materially different from that which was stated in this Policy at the time personal information was collected, we will notify you by posting notice of the change on our site and on this page for a reasonable period before we implement that change and, if feasible, will give you an opportunity to opt out of the proposed use of personal information.
How to Contact Us
We respect your privacy and are committed to the policies described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about our privacy practices, please call our customer service representatives at 503-674-9002 or contact us via email. You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address:
Kinco
Attention: Privacy Officer
18792 NE Portal Way
Portland, Oregon 97230 U.S.A.
NEED HELP? If you need more help, call our customer service team at 503-674-9002, or write us at:
Kinco
Attention: Customer Service
18792 NE Portal Way
Portland, Oregon 97230 U.S.A.