https://www.ryedesign.co.uk/policies-documents/section/privacy-cookies
Toggle navigation
Home
Business
Website Design
Small Business Website Design
Website Design Kent
Local SEO
CASE STUDIES
Financial Services Branding
Education
Design for Education
School Website Design
School Banners
CASE STUDIES
Kingsdown School
Strood Academy
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Outline
Rye Design is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
This policy sets out how Rye Design uses and protects any information that you give Rye Design when you use this website or engage with us via email.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Rye Design may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation EU 2018 (GDPR), the data controller is Rye Design.
This policy is effective from 01/05/18.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
your ip address, operating system and browser type
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online or record internally.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will only ever send marketing communications to those that have provided consent and/or to those to whom the material is considered of interest and where the processing passes the ‘legitimate interest’ as defined by the ICO.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data or emailing mail@ryedesign.co.uk.
Disclosure of your information
We will not disclose your information to any third parties unless you have consented for us to do so.Access to your information
GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Questions
Questions and/or requests about this privacy policy should be emailed to mail@ryedesign.co.uk or by post to Rye Design, 107-109 High Street, Rochester, Kent ME1 1JS
Our Policies
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Website Terms & Conditions
Equality and Diversity Policy
Environmental Policy
Health & Safety Policy
Get in touch
Please complete the form below to get in touch and we'll get straight back to you.
Leave this field blank
I agree to the terms & conditions. By submitting your details, you consent to their use as set out in our privacy policy.
I am happy to receive future marketing communications from Rye Design.
SUBMIT
Thought that counts
© 2020 Rye Design | Policies & Documents