http://www.rosemaryandthyme.co.uk/rosemaryandthyme/privacy-general-page
We preserve nature’s gifts
Ardo Rosemary & Thyme provide the finest quality frozen herbs, ingredients, fruit and vegetables combined with first-rate technical and logistical support and personalised account management.
Discover our product range
Rosemary & Thyme was established in 1997 as a joint venture with Dujardin Food Group and become one of the leading suppliers of Frozen (IQF) Herbs, Fruits, Vegetables and Ingredients in the UK. Following the successful merger with Ardo Group in 2015, the company has been able to offer a wider range of products and have also added years of experience and know-how in the area of fresh-frozen foods.
Rosemary & Thyme operates from the purpose-built factory, coldstore and head office in Eye, Suffolk, as is the UK herb production plant ‘Frozen Herbs’. Both have BRC Higher Level accreditation.
Ardo Group are one of the leading suppliers in the industry. We export to more than 100 countries and have 21 different manufacturing and packing sites across 9 countries. Ardo are also committed to improving the environment in which we operate, from the people to the products and the places in which we operate. We constantly invest in our business and people responsibly and sustainably. We are determined to continue driving positive change and protecting the future.
Read more about our Sustainable approach here.
Our Product Range
Here at Ardo we review all areas of the market, seeking out new products and trends. This continuous research helps us to bring our customers exciting, innovative and tasty new products. Our diverse product range meets the demands of any market and all our products are grown, harvested and processed with full care and dedication.
Discover our fresh frozen products
Meet the Team
At Ardo R&T we are committed to provide customers with exceptional levels of product quality and customer service. Our Customer Services and Sales teams are extremely knowledgeable and ready to support you every step of the way.
Meet our team
Our website uses cookies and other technologies so that we can remember you and understand how you and other visitors use our website. To learn more, including how to manage or disable them and your right of access, rectification and objection, see our Cookie Policy.
By clicking the "ok" button you agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies in line with your current cookie setting and in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
OK
More info
OK
Manage cookies
Strictly necessary cookies
Performance cookies
Save More info
[general.mobile menu.close]
HomeProductsMeet the team
ContactJobs
[search.search input label]
[header.search.button]
×
Sign up for our digital newsletter
Subscribe and
keep up to date with the latest news, trends and product launches!
Title
Mr
Mrs
To send you personalised mailings
To send you personalised mailings
To send you personalised mailings
To keep up to date with the latest news, trends and product launches.
To send you mailings of interest for your company.
I'm interested in:
Food Service Solutions
Food Ingredients Solutions
Private - End user
Retail Solutions
To send you mailings according to your specific interest.
I have read Ardo UK's Privacy Policy.
Submit