https://www.hetheringtongroup.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy StatementRobert Baggett2019-07-25T12:33:57-04:00
Introduction
Welcome to Hetherington Group. This site is provided by Hetherington Group as a service to our customers. Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of the Hetherington Group (the “Agreement”). Please note that your use of hetheringtongroup.com constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use.
Hetherington Group (Hg) is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you share with us. Hg has established this Online Privacy Policy so that you can understand the care with which we intend to treat your Personal Information. Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit Hetherington Group’s Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself. Hg strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, Hg intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not require an “adequate” level of protection for your Personal Information. In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
This Privacy Policy governs the URL www.hetheringtongroup.com and electronic communications you receive from Hetherington Group.
Information You Voluntarily Offer
Hg collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information, subscribe to our RSS feed, and purchase products (e.g., webinars, books, newsletters). Information may include your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and any other information collected in our online forms.
Aggregated Information
Hg’s website collects certain other information that cannot identify you personally when you visit our website. This information may include your IP address and domain names. Hg logs these IP addresses and domain names and aggregates them for system administration and the monitoring the use of our site. We use the aggregated information to measure the number of visits to our site, the average time spent on our site, and the number of pages viewed. This monitoring helps us provide a more user-friendly online experience for our customers and visitors, allowing us to improve the quality of our content.
Cookies
Hg uses cookies to make results available for your on-site searches. Cookies are not used for any other reason on this site. A cookie is a small file that is sent out by a website, accepted by the user’s browser, and placed on the user’s hard drive. If you wish to halt cookies, you can set your browser’s settings to your level of confidentiality and privacy, including disabling cookies. Hg does not match information gathered by cookies with personal information you voluntarily submitted to Hetherington Group.
Google Analytics Advertising Features
Hetherington Group uses the following Google Analytics Advertising Features on our website: Demographics and Interests Reporting, Geography, and Site Behavior. This information helps us deliver more relevant content to you based on your location, past interactions with our site, and demographic information. We will not store this information in an individually-identifiable format, and we will not share this information with third-parties.
If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics Advertising Features, you may do so here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Links to Other Websites
In our blog, we provide links to other websites. Hetherington Group makes no warranties regarding the data collection and privacy policies of these other websites. We encourage you to read their privacy statements as well.
Ways Information About You Is Used
We may use the information you voluntarily provide to contact you regarding events and issues that we feel you may be interested in. If you prefer not to receive electronic communications from us, you can easily “opt out” by following the instructions at the bottom of our electronic communications.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Hg reserves the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. To protect our users and to accommodate an ever-changing environment, Hg will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. These changes will be deemed effective on the date of posting, unless otherwise specified. Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use as changed. We recommend checking our Privacy Policy when you visit www.hetheringtongroup.com to be ensure you are aware of and understand our current policy. We will not make any retroactive material changes in how we handle previously collected Personal Data unless you allow us to do so, or unless we are legally required to do so. In such cases, Hetherington Group will make efforts to inform registered visitors via email.
Additional Questions?
Please contact Hetherington Group, if you have additional questions about how we collect and use your personal information, please email us at cs@hetheringtongroup.com
Updated July 25, 2019
Go to Top