http://www.artdept.co.uk/website-information/privacy
Home
Web Design
Graphic design for web developers, Cambridge UK
Graphic design expertise for your business
Graphic design expertise for marketing professionals
Freelance
EYPS
Lumie
HHS
Display Design
Print Design
Signify
Dante
HHS
About
Contact
enquiry form
Privacy Policy
Information about our organisation and website.
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organisation like The Art Department. Our privacy policy covers The Art Department and its website:
Providing visitors with anonymous access
You can access our website home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
Automatic collection of information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data collection and purpose specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.
We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than the administration of this website, and sending news, updates and details of related products and services that we consider relevant to your business to customers.
Disclosure and visitor choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organisations.
Confidentiality / security
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
telephone 01223 519777
Choosing A Design Company |
Briefing Guidelines: Print |
Briefing Guidelines: Web |
Fixed Price Promise |
Quote Request |
Guide To Services
Website Information
| Privacy Policy
| Accessibility
| Handy Links
| ©artdept 2009