http://www.encyclon.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 23, 2019
Encyclon, Inc. respects your privacy, and is committed to establishing and maintaining a trustworthy relationship with you. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) covers the treatment of both personal and general information Encyclon collects when you use Encyclon.com (the “Website”). Links on the website may lead you to other websites, to which this policy is not bound. Please refer to the privacy policies posted on those websites for applicable information.
Your use of this Website constitutes your agreement with this Policy. If you do not consent, please leave this Website. If you do not consent to sharing certain information with Encyclon and authorized vendors, do not provide that information.
What information does Encyclon collect?
We collect information that helps us communicate with you, and to better serve you. We also collect information that is relevant to the operation of our Website.
Information You Choose to Give Us
Website forms: When you fill out a contact form, quote form or any other form on the Website, your name, email address and other contact information are transmitted to Encyclon for follow-up contact with you.
Information We Collect Automatically
Server logs: As is the case with most any website, this Website records traffic data in its server logs. This includes your IP address, the page you requested and the date and time of your request.Metrics: We incorporate Google Analytics code into our pages to help identify patterns and track advertising effectiveness anonymously. To find out more about Google Analytics, visit www.google.com/analytics for information.
How does Encyclon use information gathered?
The general and personally identifiable information described above is not shared with parties outside Encyclon and trusted vendors, unless as described below or in compliance with lawful request by authorities.
In special cases, such as case studies and press releases, we may display limited contact information of selected individuals on the Website. This is only after having sought and obtained prior consent from each participant. All participants have the right to review and to request removal of this information from the Website at any time.
Encyclon will not sell, trade, or give freely your personal information. Authorized personnel are granted access to contact information on a “need to access” basis. We do not wish to jeopardize our relationship with you.
How do I request my data, or request that Encyclon would correct or remove my data?
You may ask for a summary of the information we have collected pertaining to your interactions with Encyclon. Please call or write, using the means listed in the next section of this Policy.
We gladly will accept updates or corrections you may offer regarding your contact information. This helps us serve you better. Reach out to us via your preferred channel: phone, email, postal mail, or the contact form on this Website.
Please write via email or postal mail your formal request for removal of any of your contact information from our records. Note that some data may be subject to retention regulations, and may not be removable. Some data may be stored in backups for a time, according to the applicable providers’ retention practices.
How does Encyclon inform me of changes to this Policy?
This Policy is a “living document” and is subject to change. As the Website is updated with new features, or we modify our practices, we will review this Policy to ensure it is consistent. Revisions to the Policy will be posted to the Website with a notice of the date the revision takes effect.
If you have questions regarding this Policy, please feel free to call us at 1-262-654-0032 or to write us at:
Encyclon, Inc.6705 14th AvenueKenosha, WI 53143
Close