http://www.aboutcurrency.com/general/privacy_policy.shtml
Forex Brokers
Compare Forex Brokers
ECN/STP Forex Brokers
STP Forex Brokers
DMA/STP Forex Brokers
PAMM Forex Brokers
Metatrader 4 Forex Brokers
Metatrader 4 ECN Forex Brokers Metatrader 5 Forex Brokers
Brokers With Free Forex Signals
Social Trading Forex Brokers
Bitcoin Brokers
Binary Options Brokers
NFA / CFTC US Forex Brokers
FSA UK Forex Brokers
Micro & Mini Forex Brokers
Forex Brokers For Scalping
Forex Brokers For Hedging
High Leverage Forex Brokers
Brokers With FX Managed
Accounts
Forex Brokers With Free VPS
Gold,Silver & Oil Forex Brokers
Forex Brokers With Segregated Accounts
Brokers With Forex
Demo Accounts
Best Forex Broker Bonuses
Forex Broker News
University
Online Forex Trading CourseComplete Forex Video Course
Forex Trading Tutorials
Learn How To Trade Currency Pairs
Candlestick Video Course
Forex Technical Indicators
Forex Chart Patterns
Forex Trading TipsMetatrader 4 Tutorials
Metatrader 5 Tutorials
Free Trading Courses
Forex eBooks Collection
Forex Freebies
Forex Dictionary
Forex
Downloads
Trading Strategies & Systems
Simple Trading Strategies
Forex Breakout Trading Strategies
Price Action Forex Strategies
Elliott Wave Forex Strategies
Fibonacci Strategies
Fundamental Strategies
Trend Following Metatrader 4 Systems
Forex Scalping Metatrader 4 Systems
Articles
Technical Analysis
Forex Systems & StrategiesGeneral Forex KnowledgeForex Money ManagementTrading PsychologyGeneral TradingForex Trader Interviews
Tutorials
Trading Tutorials
Metatrader 4 Tutorials
MT4/5 Downloads
Metatrader 4 Indicators
Metatrader 5 Indicators
Metatrader 4 Expert Advisors
Metatrader 4
Systems
Products
FREE Forex Analyzer PRO
eToro Social Trading
Automated Forex Trading (ZuluTrade)
ChartsReal-Time Forex ChartsReal-Time Forex Rates
EUR/USD Forex Charts
GBP/USD Forex Charts
USD/CHF Forex ChartsUSD/JPY Forex ChartsUSD/CAD Forex Charts
AUD/USD Forex Charts
NZD/USD Forex ChartsEUR/JPY Forex ChartsGBP/JPY Forex ChartsEUR/GBP Forex Charts
EUR/AUD Forex Charts
EUR/CAD Forex Charts
AUD/JPY Forex Charts
CHF/JPY Forex Charts
EUR/CHF Forex Charts
GBP/CHF Forex Charts
USD/SEK Forex Charts
Gold (XAU/USD) Charts
WTI Crude Oil Charts
Silver (XAG/USD) Charts
Tools
Correlation Charts
Relative Strength Index
FX Performance Charts
Economic Calendar
Pivot Point Calculator
Forex Historical Data
Currency Converter
PIP Income Calculator
PIP Value Calculator
Risk Calculator
Fibonacci Calculator Forex Income Calculator Forex Risk Calculator
Banks Interest Rates
Movers and Shakers
Find A Forex Job
Forex Daily High/Low
World Clocks
$30 FREE
Print This Page   |
Home >
Download All Metatrader 4 & 5 + All 500+ Top Rated Forex Trading Strategies
Terms Of Use / Privacy Policy
Written by Aboutcurrency
By accessing and using the aboutcurrency.com website, you are agreeing to be
legally bound by these terms of use.
1. PRIVACY POLICY
We at www.aboutcurrency.com ("Aboutcurrency")
respects each individual's right to privacy. We value our relationship with you,
and we take pride in maintaining loyalty and respect with each individual client
by providing you with security. We abide by all industry guidelines and
consistently monitor our management and operating methods in order to maintain
our valued reputation and integrity.This is our promise to our site visitors:
Type of Information Collected
Aboutcurrency is a site
offering information on Currency Trading. Information is collected from site
visitors in two ways:
(1)
opts-in to our
the newsletter;
(2) when they contact our support staff
using the feedback/contact form.
We only collect your e-mail address and name.
Each and every
newsletter you receive from us will have an opt-out link at the bottom, should
you wish to unsubscribe from any of our newsletters. This is in compliance with
current CAN SPAM laws.
No Spam Policy
We maintain a strict "No Spam" policy that
means we do not intend to sell, rent or otherwise give your e-mail address to a
third- party, without your consent. In addition, Aboutcurrency.com. will not
send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. If you are a member of our
Mailing List, you will be contacted with announcements, news, tips, and new
products or services. You have always the option of "Unsubscribing" from our
mailing list at any time, thereby disabling any further such e-mail
communication from being sent to you.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files containing
information that a Web site uses to track its visitors. Cookies are only used to
keep track of log-in names and passwords. A user's e-mail address is
automatically logged in when they revisit the site and they do not have to
reenter profile information. This is to keep track of preferences and to better
tailor the site to the visitor's needs while providing the most effective
service to our clients. Information such as IP address internal session ID,
user's domain, type of Internet browser, domain of Web site are collected and
used only for traffic auditing and analyzing trends.
Notification of Changes
In the event that there is a
change in the privacy practices at Aboutcurrency, all Aboutcurrency members will
be contacted via the e-mail address on record.
Contact Information
Aboutcurrency abides by the laws and
guidelines of the Internet. We welcome any inquiries as to the use of collected
information and cookies, product capabilities, or company methods and practices.
If you have any questions, comments or corrections regarding personally
identifiable information obtained through us, please send an e-mail.
2.
ABOUCURRENCY WEBSITE CONTENT
THE CONTENT , ADVICE AND THE
ABOUTCURRENCY WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES. Any
opinions, news, research, analyses, education or other information contained on
this website is provided as general market commentary and for educational
purposes ONLY, and does not constitute investment advice. Aboutcurrency will not
accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation to, any
loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance
on such information.
3. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This site contains links to other Internet sites,
Aboutcurrency.COM is not responsible for the availability or content of these
external sites, nor does Aboutcurrency.COM endorse, warrant or guarantee the
products, services or information described or offered at these other Internet
sites.
4. ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
The content
on this website is subject to change at any time without notice, Aboutcurrency
has taken reasonable measures to ensure the accuracy of the information on the
website, however, does not guarantee its accuracy, and will not accept liability
for any loss or damage which may arise directly or indirectly from the content
or your inability to access the website, for any delay in or failure of the
transmission or the receipt of any instruction or notifications sent through
this website.
4. FOREX RISK DISCLAIMER
Trading
forex on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for
all type of investors, the high degree of leverage can work against you as well
as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully
consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite.
The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your
initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot
afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign
exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you
have any doubts.
This document is last updated: 11/28/2008
INTERESTING FOREX SITES
Free Forex Strategies & Systems
A collection of forex systems, indicators and strategies. 100% Free Download.
Download Free Forex Strategies and Top Rated Metatrader 4/5 Indicators
Download top rated forex strategies and best MT4/MT5 forex indicators.
100 Forex Trading Strategies
Each forex strategy includes the buy and sell rules, and a free download link!
Get Forex Analyzer PRO Forex System
Start trading with one of the best fx systems for profitable forex trading!
Back to homepage
Find Us On Facebook
Best Forex Trading Software
Holo Eagle Forex System
Morpheus Forex trading System
Fibonacci Forex Scalper System
Home
|
Forex Newsletter
|
Site Map
|
Resourses
| Forex Advertising
|
Forex Brokers |
Forex Solo Ads
|
Contact Us
Any articles, systems, strategies, reviews, ratings, news, research, analyses, prices or other information contained on this website, by Aboutcurrency.com, its partners or contributors, is provided as general market commentary and does not constitute investment advice. Aboutcurrency.com will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation to, any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance on such information.
Copyright © 2020 Aboutcurrency.com. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use
and Privacy Policy .
Risk Disclosure: Trading forex on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to invest in foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts.