http://www.jaybeeplant.com/privacy-policy/
World Class Machinery From Jay Bee Plant Sales Jay Bee Plant Sales are a family run used machinery dealer based in Stroud, Gloucestershire.
With 40 years experience in supplying used machinery to the UK and exporting worldwide from our family run depot. Contact Us
World Wide Plant SalesJay Bee Plant Sales is a reliable family firm based in Stroud, in the middle of the glorious county of Gloucestershire. With more than four decades of experience, we buy, sell and hire the very best used machinery and small tools.Our equipment depot and office are based in a 150-year-old building which was rescued from more than two decades of disuse and gently renovated. This provides a spacious setting for our showroom (office) which is full of character and a pleasure to visit.We carry a range of top branded machinery for sale including Caterpillar, JCB, Kubota, Doosan, Hitachi, Benford, Thwaites and more. You’ll find various type of plant machinery for sale from mini diggers, dumpers and rollers to telehandlers and larger tracked excavators.Here at Jay Bee we offer a buy back guarantee too so you can purchase with confidence. If you need to hire machinery for an extended period it can be more economical to buy and then sell it back once you’re finished.We sell our tools and machinery all over the UK and internationally too. With full loading facilities we can offer air, land or sea deliveries, complete with all the required documentation and certificates for any type of machinery, big or small.For those in the Gloucestershire area, we hire out machinery and also provide servicing too. With a well-equipped workshop and access to spare parts, our experts can help get your plant machinery back in full working condition once more.
Why Choose Jay Bee Plant Sales?When it comes to plant sales, we have over 40 years experience supplying top quality used machinery and according to one of our very respected customers we’re ‘in a different league to our competitors’ – that’s always reassuring, right? Not only do we offer a fantastic range of different machinery ranging from the smaller compact mini diggers up to the more heavy duty tracked excavators, rollers and dumpers of all sizes and more, we ensure each and every machine that enters our yard is serviced and prepared ready forWhat Next?If you’re looking for plant sales, hire, service, spares or repairs, finance or even shipping assistance, you’re in the right place. We have full loading facilities at our equipment yard and are able to handle your delivery by land, sea or air to include all documentation and certificates – no machine is too big or too small. We’re able to offer you competitiveits new owner by our expert and well experienced workshop team.We even offer a 30 day guarantee as peace of mind and offer a buy back guarantee for when you come to sell your machine! But what’s most important to the team is the service you receive. Being family run, the experience is personal and efficient from the minute you enquire to the minute you leave the yard! It’s important to us that you’re happy with your new purchase and that you had a good experience working with us too.finance so please speak to one of our finance team for more information.Take a look round our website for more on our services and range of used machines. If you can’t find what you’re looking for or would like to arrange a visit to our yard, please call our office on 01453 822 602 and speak to one of the Jay Bee team. View More
EXCAVATORSMore Info
DumpersMore Info
RollersMore Info
TelehandlersMore Info
Wheeled LoadersMore Info
Backhoe LoadersMore Info
MiscellaneousMore Info
Gyru-StarMore Info
RSL EngineeringMore Info Featured ProductsLatest News
Happy Retirement Jim!September 30, 2020
Supporting LocalSeptember 6, 2019
<!--End of Tawk.to Script—>