http://www.gregory1.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions of Service
Welcome to our Website. The term "Gregory1.com” or "us" or "we" or "our" refers to Gregory, Inc., the owner of the Web site. The term "you” or “your” or “Customer” refers to the user or viewer of our Web Site. By utilizing Gregory1.com via internet, by contacting Gregory, Inc. by email, telephone (speaking to someone or via messages), or in person, or otherwise, you are agreeing to be bound by the following Terms & Conditions of use. Please review the following carefully. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, you should not use this site. These Terms and Conditions govern all communication, ordering requirements, business practices, expectations and responsibilities of all parties to a transaction.  CUSTOMER COMMUNICATIONS AND LIABILITY:Any and all pertinent information that is needed to fulfill a Customer’s order, from the conception of the order being placed and up until the time it is shipped from our facility, must be made known by you and included with the original order submission.  Gregory, Inc. is not liable for any omissions, inaccurate or delayed information pertinent to production of an order. SUBMISSIONS:When you submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, or other material via e-mail or other communications, you grant Gregory, Inc. permission to use such submissions for marketing and other promotional purposes. You agree that Gregory, Inc. will have no obligation to keep any submissions confidential. You will not bring a claim against Gregory, Inc. based on "moral rights" or the likes arising from Gregory, Inc. use of a submission.COPYRIGHT & FILE CONTENT RELEASE:By using any service of Gregory1.com or Gregory, Inc., the Customer agrees and acknowledges that you are the legal owner and/or licensee of all artwork submitted to Gregory1.com. You understand that all information, data, text, photographs, graphics, messages or other material (“Content”) are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not Gregory, Inc., are entirely responsible for all Content that you send, upload, post or transmit. You warrant that the subject matter to be printed is not copyrighted by a third party. You recognize that because subject matter does not have to bear a copyright notice in order to be protected by copyright law, absence of such notice does not necessarily assure a right to reproduce. You further warrant that no copyright notice has been removed from any material used in preparing the subject matter for reproduction. You also agree not to infringe on trademarks, patents, trade secrets, the right of privacy, the right of publicity or other legal right of any third party and will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. To support these warranties, you agree to indemnify and hold Gregory, Inc. harmless for all liability, damages, and attorney fees that may be incurred in any legal action connected with copyright or trademark infringement involving the work produced or provided. You assume sole responsibility, ownership and liability of all forms of artwork submitted to Gregory1.com.PRODUCTION SCHEDULES: Production schedules will be established and followed by both the Customer and Gregory, Inc. In the event the Customer does not adhere to the schedule for providing needed information or approvals, previously stated shipping and delivery dates will be subject to change. There will be no liability or penalty for delays due to state of war, riot, civil disorder, fire, strikes, accidents, action of government or civil authority, acts of God, or other causes beyond the control of Gregory, Inc. In such cases schedules will be extended by an amount of time equal to the delay incurred.RUSH PROCESSINGRush processing is available on most products. Please contact a Gregory, Inc. Customer Service Representative to discuss your rush processing options and additional fees. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to meet this agreed upon rush production time.  Minimum order for wholesale graphics is $50.00.
Taxes and shipping costs will be added to this. SHIPPING:Ship dates are established from the time Gregory, Inc. receives all necessary information and proof approval. The standard ship method is UPS ground service.  Expedited shipping is available. Gregory, Inc is not responsible for any errors made by the freight carrier including damages to the product. Gregory, Inc. will not be held responsible for weather, acts of God, or other things we cannot control. Gregory, Inc. does not deliver to P.O. boxes, a street address must be provided for every order.  After product has shipped, all shipping company terms & conditions apply for lost or delayed packages. If you have a deadline, you must request expedited shipping as ground shipments are not guaranteed. We will not refund the order cost if UPS or any other carrier has a delay in the delivery of your package. All refunds are limited to actual shipping cost refunded to Gregory, Inc. from the shipping company. All shipping of Wholesale Graphics is FOB origin.  Gregory, Inc. will ship UPS Ground whenever possible. Additional UPS charges and fees will be added to residential or limited service areas as defined by UPS.  If a package from UPS is damaged, instead of signing your name it should be signed “DAMAGED”, otherwise UPS may not pay a claim. If there is damage found after delivery, contact UPS and request an inspection report.  Claims for damaged goods must be filed with UPS.  Gregory, Inc. is not responsible for filing such claims.  Heavy and oversize shipments will be sent by LTL motor freight.
Additional freight charges will be added to residential and other limited access sites as defined by the freight company.
Upon delivery, check merchandise for quantity and carrier damage.  Any problems must be noted on carrier delivery receipt. If product is damaged in shipping, have the delivering carrier personnel note the damage at the time you receive the shipment. Then contact the carrier to file a damage claim.Damaged items will be replaced only if you enter a new order for the items needed.  The new order will be charged at our regular pricing. Shipping insurance is not included in the price of the product or in the billed shipping charges.  If you want the shipment insured, you must specifically request this service. Lost packages will be replaced after shipping company confirms loss, this generally takes 7-10 business days after initial lost product inquiry. Again, please order early as we cannot control delivery after your product leaves our facility.(See below for shipping policy for Materials & Supply Distribution products.)PAYMENTSYou represent and warrant that if you are purchasing something from us any credit information you supply is true and complete, and charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and you will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including any applicable taxes.  If you qualify for an open account from Gregory, Inc. you warrant that you will pay the amount owed Gregory, Inc. in full and within terms.COLOR POLICYWe do not guarantee any color matching or exact color print. We keep our equipment calibrated to offer the closest match possible to PMS colors which are called out in the file you provide, but slight color variations should be considered acceptable and will not be considered production mistakes. In the event you need to approve the actual color being printed, we can provide a printed proof for a nominal fee so you can see the actual color reproduction.  Also, if a non-PMS color must be reproduced, we can provide a color match service with the fee charged based upon time and material used to achieve the match.ORDER CANCELLATIONGregory, Inc. will be happy to help you cancel your order prior to beginning production.  If the production process has started, you will be liable for all costs incurred. Gregory, Inc. is not responsible for any duplicated orders that are placed on our website due to Customer mistake. CLAIMS:Since all orders for printed items are produced to your specifications and unique to you, All Sales Are Final. If there is any shortage or defect with product received from Gregory, Inc. you must make a claim in writing no later than 48 hours after delivery of order If such a claim is not made within those 48 hours, Gregory, Inc. will understand that all products or parts of an order have been accepted. By accepting the product, the Customer acknowledges that the provider's performance has completely satisfied all terms, conditions, and specifications. In the event there is a claim and it is determined that Gregory, Inc. is at fault then liability will be limited to re-printing the order as our sole and exclusive obligation, and as the Customer’s exclusive remedy. Gregory, Inc.’s limit of liability shall be the quoted selling price of defective goods, without additional liability for special or consequential damages.RETURNS:If you are not satisfied with your order, please contact us within 48 hours of receiving the product. Returns must be approved in advance by Gregory, Inc. If a product is found to be defective by Gregory, Inc. a new one will be created and shipped.Please note the following:• No returns due to late order or shipping company delays.• No returns because of a typo made in a provided file or approved proof.• No returns due to colors not matching.• No returns due to size adjustment as prints can fluctuate up to 1/4” per linear foot.• Returns accepted if Gregory, Inc. has made a mistake after approval from the Customer.(See below for return policy for Materials & Supply Distribution items.)REFUNDS:If you receive merchandise that is defective upon receipt, please contact a Customer Service Representative and provide photographs of the defective product.If it is determined that Gregory, Inc. is at fault, we will have UPS pick up your entire project, reprint the job, and ship it back. You will only be charged for the initial order and no additional shipping charges. If you can only send back a partial order, we will only reprint the portion returned and we will not make any changes to the print file; we will only use the original file uploaded or approved by you. If you request the file be changed or submit a new file for the reprint It will be considered a new order and will be charged for accordingly.  If circumstances prevent the reprint of the order, a refund will be processed to your credit card or a credit will be entered on your account with Gregory, Inc. The refund or credit will be for the amount of the product purchased. Shipping costs are non-refundable. DISCLAIMER:Gregory, Inc. provides services on an "As Is" and "As Available" basis. Gregory, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the website, Gregory1.com, will be uninterrupted, will be free of inaccuracies or errors, will meet your requirements, or will operate in the configuration or with the hardware or software you use. Gregory, Inc. makes no warranties other than those made expressly in these Terms and Conditions, and hereby disclaims any and all implied warranties, including without limitation, warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, and non-infringement.Gregory, Inc. will not be liable to you or any third party for any consequential, incidental, indirect, punitive or special damages (including damages relating to lost profits, lost data, or loss of goodwill) arising out of, relating to, or connected with the use of the services of Gregory, Inc. or Gregory1.com, based on any cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.Limitation of liability: except for a break of a party's representations and warranties under these terms & conditions or in connection with your indemnity obligations under these terms & conditions, in no event will the liability of Gregory, Inc. exceed the value of products received or services rendered. The value of products or services are limited to the stated value on the Gregory1.com website or as stated by an authorized agent of Gregory, Inc.Additional Terms and Conditions for Materials & Supply Distribution ShippingFreight is paid for orders over $125.00 of product cost unless product is specifically excluded from free freight.  Otherwise freight is F.O.B origin.
Ordered items will be shipped the same day of order if the order is placed by 4:00 pm Central Time and the items are in stock.Returned GoodsIf an item is returned to Gregory, Inc. a Restocking Fee of 25% or $25.00, whichever is greater, will be charged on all stock items received is sellable condition.  Non-stock, non-catalog and custom converted items may not be returned, cancelled or exchanged. All returns must have a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number to be accepted by Gregory receiving.  Please call Gregory, Inc. Customer Service for the RMA number before returning any items.  RMA numbers will expire 30 days after issuance.  After the 30th day, no credits will be issued on return order numbers.  All returned materials must be returned to Gregory, Inc. in the same manner you received it and at your expense.  Products must be properly packed so that no damage will occur during return.  Credits will be issued after we have received, verified quantity, and inspected the material for damage.REGISTRATIONCertain sections of, or offerings from, the Site may require you to register. If registration is requested, you agree to provide us with accurate, complete registration information. Your registration must be done using your real name and accurate information. Each registration is for your personal use only and not on behalf of any other person or entity. We do not permit any other person using the registered sections under your name; or access through a single name being made available to multiple users on a network. You are responsible for preventing such unauthorized use.GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION AND VENUE:Gregory, Inc. is based in Reno County, Kansas and all transactions shall be deemed to have taken place at Gregory, Inc.’s facility. The rights and obligations of the parties shall be governed by, and entering into a business transaction with Gregory, Inc. shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Kansas, excluding its conflict of laws rules to the extent such rules would apply the law of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction of all federal and state courts in the state of Kansas and the County of Reno and agree that venue shall lie exclusively in Kansas. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced only in the state and federal courts located in Reno county Kansas, and the parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and waive any argument that venue in any such forum is not convenient.INDEMNIFICATION:The Customer agrees to protect Gregory, Inc. from economic loss and any other harmful consequences that could arise in connection with the work. This means that you will hold Gregory, Inc. harmless and safe, indemnify, and otherwise defend him/her against claims, demands, actions, and proceedings on any and all grounds. This will apply regardless of responsibility for negligence.LIABILITY:Disclaimer of Express Warranties: Gregory, Inc. warrants that the work is as described in the purchase order or as the information provided when ordering on Gregory1.com. The Customer understands that the work shown in a proof when approved is what will be printed and acknowledges the difference in appearance on-screen when color is represented. Gregory, Inc. will not be held liable under any circumstance for problems resulting from files provided by the Customer (this includes color shifting and issues arising from improper file preparations). See the document “File Guidelines” for information on how to prepare files for submission to Gregory, Inc.  If the Customer finds a production error or manufacturing defect in the item(s) he/she received from Gregory, Inc, Gregory, Inc. will replace the item(s) at no charge. Original shipping charges are not refundable. All claims must be initiated within 48 hours after delivery of product.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:In no event will Gregory, Inc., or its suppliers, be liable for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental damages, including, without limitation lost profits or revenues, costs of replacement goods, loss or damage to data arising out of the use or inability to use the website Gregory1.com or any Gregory, Inc. product, damages resulting from the use or reliance on the information provided in this website, even if Gregory, Inc., or its suppliers, have been advised on the possibility of such damages.LINKS TO OTHER SITES/THIRD PARTY SERVICES:You acknowledge and agree that Gregory, Inc. is not responsible for the availability of any links on Gregory1.com to sites which are not owned by Gregory, Inc. and that Gregory, Inc. does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You agree that Gregory, Inc. will not be liable to you in any way for your use of such services.PERSONAL OR ECONOMIC RIGHT:You the Customer also warrants that the files you supply to Gregory, Inc. and the products produced from your supplied files, information or communication does not contain anything that is libelous or scandalous, or anything that threatens anyone's right to privacy or their personal or economic rights. The Customer will, at the Customer's sole expense, promptly and thoroughly defend Gregory, Inc. in all legal actions on these grounds as long as Gregory, Inc.: promptly notifies the customer of all legal action; and gives the customer reasonable time to undertake and conduct a defense. Gregory, Inc. reserves the right to use our sole discretion in refusing to print anything we deem illegal, libelous, scandalous, improper, or infringing upon copyright law. Gregory, Inc. refuses to print or promote any form of pornographic images or nudity. Gregory, Inc. also reserves the right to reject orders that contain the strong use of written foul language and swear words or other content which is considered offensive to the general public.MISCELLANEOUS:These terms & conditions will be binding upon each party hereto and its successors and permitted assigns and governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas without reference to conflict of law principles. These terms & conditions will not be assignable or transferable by you without the prior written consent of Gregory, Inc. These terms & conditions (including all of the policies and other agreements described in the terms & conditions), which are hereby incorporated herein by this reference) contain the entire understanding of the parties regarding its subject matter and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the parties regarding its subject matter. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these terms & conditions will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power, or privilege. You and Gregory, Inc. are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by these terms & conditions. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these terms & conditions will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of these terms & conditions, all of which will remain in full force and effect.Prices are subject to change without notice. Please call for quotation on items not found or priced on this website. Gregory, Inc. reserves the right to make add, delete, or otherwise modify these terms & conditions at any time and in its sole discretion. If you are not willing to abide by any of the statements in the terms and conditions please do not use any aspect of the information or services provided by Gregory, Inc.
Sign Up For Savings
Gregory only works with resellers of large and grand format signs and graphics. We are your strategic silent "Wholesale 2 Trade" partner. We verify you are a reseller before showing the low wholesale pricing on this website.
SIGN UP! LOGIN
×Close
Add New Shipping Address
Company Address
Address 2
City
State
Zip Code
Add New Address
×Close
Login to your Account
Your Email*
Your Password*
LOGIN NOW I Forgot My Password