http://www.valmatic.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Val-Matic Privacy Policy
Val-Matic
Valve & Manufacturing Corporation (collectively, “Val-Matic”, “our”, “us”,
or “we”. We may refer to you as “you” or “your”.) respects your privacy and is
committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy
statement dated 07/02/2019 (“Privacy Policy”).
This Privacy
Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when you
visit our company website, https://www.valmatic.com (“Website”), or communicate by email,
text, or other electronic means, and our practices for collecting, using,
maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This Privacy Policy
does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other
means, including on any other website operated by Val-Matic or any third party,
or any information collected by third parties through any application or
content that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Please read
this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices
regarding your information. If you do not agree with our policies and
practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this
Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy
Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use after we make changes
is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy
periodically for updates.
Collection of your Personal Information
Val-Matic may collect
personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or
work address, or telephone number when using our Website, or communicating via
other electronic means. We may also collect anonymous demographic information,
which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences,
interests, and favorites.
There is also
information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Val-Matic when accessing our Website. This information may
include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and
referring website addresses. This information is used by Val-Matic for the operation
of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general
statistics regarding use of the Website through Google Analytics. This
information does not include any financial information.
We collect the
above information (1) directly from you when you provide it to us, (2)
automatically as you navigate through the Website, and (3) from third parties,
for example, our business partners.
The
information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our
Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use
our Website or requesting services from our Website. We may also ask you for
information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email
addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete
for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and
of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial
information before placing an order through our Website or by other electronic
means.
Please keep in
mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or
personally sensitive data through Val-Matic public message boards, this
information may be collected and used by others. Val-Matic does not read any of
your private online communications. Val-Matic does not use or disclose
sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political
affiliations.
The Website includes links to various third-party websites. Val-Matic encourages you
to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our
Website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share
your information. Val-Matic is not responsible for the privacy statements or
other content on websites outside of our Website.
Use, or Process, of your Personal Information
Val-Matic collects,
uses, and processes your personal information to operate the Website and
deliver to you the information or services you have requested. We may use your
personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Val-Matic and its affiliates. We may also use the information to
carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts
entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
We may keep
track of the pages you visit when on the Website in order to determine what
Val-Matic products and services are the most popular. This data is used to
deliver customized content and advertising within Val-Matic to customers whose
behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
We do not
sell, rent or lease personal data to third parties. We may disclose personal
information that we collect, or you provide as described in this Privacy
Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, manufacturer’s
representatives, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger,
divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
transfer of some or all of Val-Matic’s assets, whether as a going concern or as
part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal
information held by Val-Matic about our Website users is among the assets
transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information.
With your consent.
We may also
share your personal information when you choose to click on any of the social
plug-ins for social networks such as, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter,
Google Plus, LinkedIn, and YouTube that we provide on our Website. If you have
a user account with, and are logged in to, a social network when you click on
its social plug-in on our Website, the social network will associate your visit
to our Website with your user account.
We will also disclose
your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in
the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the
edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Val-Matic or the Website;
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of Val-Matic; and (c) act under
exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Website,
or the public.
We will retain
your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which we
need to use it.
Use of Cookies
The Website
uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A
cookie is a small file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in
the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the
ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept
cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if
you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully
experience the interactive features of the Val-Matic services or the Website.
Security of your Personal Information
Val-Matic takes
reasonable steps to secure your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Val-Matic secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected
from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. [If you provide us with payment
information, such as a credit card or bank account number, transactions
completed using that information will be encrypted using SSL technology.]
Changes to this Statement
Val-Matic will
occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer
feedback. Val-Matic encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Policy
to be informed of how Val-Matic is protecting your information. Your continued
use of the Website after these updates have been made is deemed to be
acceptance of those changes.
Contact Information
Val-Matic welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. Click here
to contact us to request a report, correction, or deletion of any
personal information that you have provided to us or, if you have consented to
our use of your personal information, to withdraw your consent. We may not
accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would
violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.