http://www.riekerinc.com/support/privacy-policy//
News: Covid-19: A Letter to Our Customers From Rieker President, Ned Denigan. Read MoreUPS® Service Guarantees Suspended. UPS Shipments May Be Delayed: Read More
Dismiss
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Rieker Inc. collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.riekerinc.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Rieker Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, place an order and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about User’s means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system, the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Rieker Inc. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, processing practices, and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel. The data is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Changes to this privacy policy
Rieker Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Rieker Inc.
www.riekerinc.com
inquiry@riekerinc.com
Home
Products
Browse All
Browse by Application
Electronic
Mechanical
Featured Items
MPI: Touch Screen Multi-Output Precision Inclinometer
H6EX: Intrinsically Safe Inclinometers
H6 Flex Series
2100 Series
Categories
Boom Angle Indicators
Solutions
ADAM: Advanced Data Acquisition & Measurement
CARS: Curve Advisory Reporting Service
Company
Company History
Quality Assurance and Certifications
Corporate Sustainability
Careers
Blog
Support
FAQ
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Rieker Inc. Privacy Policy
Customer Satisfaction
Registration
My account
RIEKER Inc.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.AcceptRead more