https://www.newpatientsinc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Page - New Patients Inc. - Dental Marketing Company
Skip to content
Why NPIWhat We DoLearning CenterAudio BooksCOVID Care KitAbout UsTeamCompany HistoryCareersContact Us866-336-8237Get Started
Privacy Policydevops2020-03-13T15:46:08+00:00
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, address, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
New Patients Inc.
4966 S. Rainbow Blvd.,
Suite 110
Las Vegas, NV 89118
Telephone: 888-285-6091
Email Us
Ready to grow your practice?
Let’s Get StartedBook Initial Consult
×
Agency Why NPI Team Company History Get Started
Products Dental Website Design Social Media Online Advertising Dental Direct Mail Online Scheduling Results Dashboard
What We Do Online Dental Marketing Offline Dental Marketing Software Solutions Audio Books
Help Menu Case Studies Blog Testimonials Contact Us
© Copyright New Patients Inc. 2020 | All Rights Reserved | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
FacebookTwitterGoogle ReviewsRssYouTubeInstagram
866-336-8237
Go to Top