http://www.brick.org.uk/terms
Toggle navigation
Brick Bulletin
Technical
General Guides
Technical Guides
Structural Guides
Brick Calculator
Sustainability
Reports
Policies
Events
The Annual Brick Awards
Brick Awards Archive
Brick Works Series
News
Resources
About
The Association
Our Members
Education & Training
Industry Links
Contact us
BQC Assessment & Audit Panel
Terms of Use
This website (‘the Site’) is owned and operated by The Brick Development Association (‘BDA’), a trade association based at:
The Building Centre
26 Store Street
London
WC1E 7BT.
The following sets out Terms of Use that apply to all users of the Site. Please find below the different user types:
‘Members’ refers to companies or individuals that work directly for a company that is a member of the Association.
‘Associate’ refers to corporations and organisations that do not manufacture clay bricks and may be non-profit organisations, institutions of higher learning, consultancies and other commercial companies.
‘Subscribers’ refers to individuals who subscribe to the Association’s Publications.
‘Non-members’ and ‘customers’ refers to individuals who register on the Site to attend our events or, use the mechanisms on the Site to contact BDA staff or, but are not ‘members’, ‘associates’ or ‘subscribers’.
Notice to All Users
By using the Site you are deemed to have read and accepted the Terms of Use. The BDA reserves the right to change these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, and/or content of the website.
Data Protection
The BDA is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998, ICO registration number Z560629X. Our use of personal information supplied by you is when you use the Site, is governed by our Privacy Policy.
Site Security
Any attempt to interfere with the site will be considered a breach of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use with the consequence that your access to the site will be terminated.
Liability
You agree and acknowledge that we and our suppliers make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to:
The site and content contained on the site
The quality, suitability or freedom from viruses of the site or any content within the site
Your ability to use the site or that it will be available in its current or any other format.
We are not responsible or liable for:
Any loss of content or information that you upload/download to/from the site;
Any third-party modification, suspension of or discontinuance of the Site;
Any kind of invasion of privacy, defamation, negligence or intellectual property right infringement, for the transmission or reception of information or material of whatever nature by, about or to you;
Any loss, including anticipated earnings, or damage incurred from any information downloaded from the site and/or altered. This includes liabilities arising from, or in relation to:
Your access, use of or inability to use the site
With any failure of the site, errors, omissions, delays, interruptions, computer viruses or system failures
Any content on the site or any action/decisions taken as a result of using the site.
Links
The Site contains links to other sites that the BDA believes may be of interest/use to you or your organisation. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for, and have no control over, the content or material of such sites. Any dealings between you, or your organisation, and those third party sites are solely between you, or your organisation, and the third party responsible for that site, and you agree not to hold us liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of such dealings. This provision shall only operate to the extent permitted by the law.
Retention Periods
For further information on retention periods please see the BDA Privacy Policy.
Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, and construed in, accordance with the laws of England and Wales and all disputes arising in connection with them shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Privacy Policy
View the Brick Development Association Site Privacy Policy.