https://www.jmesales.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Company Info
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for jmesales.com.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
This information is automatically and passively collected, whilst Users navigate through and interact with the content on this Site, together with information on Users device or computer (such as cookies).
The sole purpose of passively collecting Users information is to improve Users experience.
The information collected and processed includes:
Device-specific data
The following information may be collected related to Users device and browser:
device's IP address (captured and stored in an anonymized format);
device screen resolution;
device type (unique device identifiers), operating system, and browser type;
geographic location (country only).
User interactions
Mouse events (movements, location and clicks)
Keypresses
Log data
For a sampling of visitors, third-party servers automatically record information which is collected from this site. This data includes:
referring URL and domain;
pages visited;
geographic location (country only);
preferred language used to display the webpage;
date and time when website pages were accessed.
John M Ellsworth Company Inc. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form.  To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.  If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests.  Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information.  Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.  Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-333-3331 or via email (info@jmesales.com).
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Shipping
Please inspect merchandise upon delivery and report any damage or shortage within five days by calling the Sales Department at 1-800-333-3331. All items are priced FOB Milwaukee, WI or manufacturer location shipping point, at the discretion of the John M. Ellsworth Company, Inc., unless otherwise agreed to by the John M. Ellsworth Company. Shipping charges are extra, and will be added to invoice. Orders for in-stock items will normally ship the same day or next day. We strive to use UPS wherever possible to keep cost down. UPS cannot deliver to P.O. Boxes but we can offer shipments via the United States Postal Service upon request. If another type of carrier is desired, please indicate the company and an account number that we can bill for this service.Partial Delivery: We reserve the right to make partial shipments. Invoices covering those shipments should be paid when they fall due.
Last Updated: 1/23/18
×