http://www.gemssensors.com/global-privacy-policy
Request Quote
Search
Menu
Visit: US Site | UK Site | German Site | India Site
Privacy Notice (California Residents)
Last modified: December 20, 2020
If you’re a resident of the United States, please see our Privacy Notice for more information on how we handle your personal data, particularly where such use or collection is governed by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and relates to consumer transactions.
If you have any questions or concerns, or wish to exercise your privacy rights, we invite you to contact us by any of the methods listed at the bottom of the Privacy Notice.
Click here to see the Privacy Notice.
Global Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 24, 2018
We are Gems Sensors & Controls, a leading manufacturer of pressure switches & sensors, level switches, flow switches, proximity switches, and fluidic systems. Our shared success depends on a solid understanding of your needs. One way we pursue this understanding is by collecting information when you use our products or otherwise interact with us. When you share your information with us, you entrust us with your privacy, and that is a responsibility we take seriously.
We use your information as further explained in this Privacy Notice. We’ll be the “controller[s]” of the information you provide to us.
Our website links to other websites, which will have their own privacy notices and terms.
We at Gems take your personal data seriously. This policy:
sets out the types of personal data that we collect about you;
explains how and why we collect and use your personal data;
explains how long we keep your personal data for;
explains when, why and with who we will share your personal data;
sets out the legal basis we have for using your personal data;
explains the effect of refusing to provide the personal data requested;
explains where we store your personal data and whether we transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area;
explains the different rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data; and
explains how you can contact us.
We may collect certain personal information about you in the course of your relationship with us.
This information includes (your name/surname, contact details, email address, company name)
We may collect personal data about you from the following sources:
Directly from you; this is information you provide to us
From an agent/third party acting on your behalf.
Through publicly available sources. We use the following public sources:
LinkedIn
Trade shows
We utilize CCTV security cameras on our premises and your image and movements may be recorded while you are on our sites or premises.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To contact you by email, post or telephone to discuss the services or products you receive from us currently or in the near future; to respond to any questions or concerns you have raised; to deal with administrative matters such as invoicing and renewal; to otherwise carry out our obligations arising under our contract with you and to enforce the same; to verify your identity.
We will not use your information for any other purposes unless we are required to do so by law.
How long we keep your information will depend on the purpose for which we use it, and may be determined by our legal obligations (for example, requirements under local tax law).
We only keep your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice and to fulfill our legal obligations.  Your personal data may be shared with distributors or other organizations inside or outside the Fortive group for the purpose of fulfilling our contractual obligations to you and your requests of us. Your personal data may also be used by Gems, our distributors and partners for marketing purposes.
We process your information:
to be able to provide you with products AND/OR services in line with our Terms & Conditions via the Gems Sensors & Controls website, newsletters, blogs, telephone, and post
as this is necessary for the performance of the contract with you, for example the completion of a purchase order or to take steps at your request prior to entering into this contract
to comply with our legal obligations, for example under tax law or the Data protection act
as this is necessary in pursuit of our legitimate interests in our Products and/or Services you receive from us
If you don’t provide the information requested, we may not be able to fulfill our contractual obligations to you.
We may, occasionally, utilize automated decision making to provide you a more relevant experience. An example of this is Gems presenting custom content via website or email based on your specific interests.
Cookie statement:
We use cookies to help provide services, analyze how you use our site and services and to provide you more relevant content. We also allow select third party cookies for similar purposes.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Strictly necessary purposes: To ensure site functionality
Performance purposes: To analyze how visitors use our site to provide a better user experience; also we use this technology to determine if you have opened our emails, so we can understand if they are being delivered correctly and are of interest.
Personalization purposes: To remember choices you have made for future visits
How to manage & remove cookies:
You can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers also tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to delete old cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
You can also visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for more information on how to manage and remove cookies across a number of different internet browsers. You also have the option to change your choices relating to cookies utilized to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising here "Advertising cookies".
Gems Sensors and Controls would like to contact you from time to time about our new/similar products and news and/or offers by email/telephone/post.  If you would like to sign up and stay informed/connected with Gems Sensors & Controls, please provide your consent by ticking the box(s) on our communication or website pages.
You can unsubscribe / opt out at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in any of our communications to you or by contacting us at privacy@gems-sensors.co.uk.
Where data is stored:
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers in the U.S.A, U.K., or EEA
Where possible, we will process your information within the UK, USA and European Economic Area (EEA). If we or our service providers transfer personal data outside the country in which it is held, we always require that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the information when it is processed.
Your rights:
By law, you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal data. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country. To exercise any of the rights listed by law, or to ask a question, contact us using the details set out at the end of this Privacy Notice.
Rights
What does this mean?
1. The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Notice.
2. The right of access
You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we’re processing it), and certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Notice).
This is so you’re aware and can check that we’re using your information in accordance with data protection law.
3. The right to rectification
You are entitled to have your information corrected if it’s inaccurate or incomplete.
4. The right to erasure
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
5. The right to restrict processing
You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
6. The right to data portability
You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. For example, if you decide to switch to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your information easily between our IT systems and theirs safely and securely, without affecting its usability.
7. The right to object to processing
You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing based on our legitimate interests and processing for direct marketing (i.e. if you no longer want to be contacted with potential opportunities).
8. The right to lodge a compliant
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your personal data with your national data protection regulator.
9. The right to withdraw consent
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful). This includes your right to withdraw consent to us using your personal data for marketing purposes.
We’ll respond to requests as soon as we can. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive your request but, if the request is going to take longer to deal with, we’ll let you know.
We usually act on requests and provide information free of charge, but may charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information for:
baseless or excessive/repeated requests, or
further copies of the same information
Alternatively, the law may allow us to refuse to act on the request.
If you have questions on the processing of your personal data, and would like to exercise any of your rights, or are unhappy with how we’ve handled your information, please contact us here: Lennox Road, Basingstoke, RG22 4AW, United Kingdom, +44 (0) 1256 320244, privacy@gems-sensors.co.uk.
If you’re not satisfied with our response to any complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the data protection regulator in your country.
© 2020 Gems Sensors, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Global Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Download
SEARCH OUR RESOURCE CENTER
Select a resource type...
Brochure
Catalog
Certificate of Compliance
Installation Instructions
ISO Certifications
Product Guide
Product Manual
Video
White Paper
Search
Talk With Gems
Talk With Gems
Live Chat
Live Chat with Gems Representatives.
Available 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM (EST) Business Days
GIVE US A CALL
Call us at
1-855-877-9666
Available 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM (EST) Business Days
EMAIL US
Contact Us at:
is@gemssensors.com