http://www.chatham.com/pages/privacy-policy
contact chatham retail locator Shipping Policy Return Policy Customer Support FAQs
retailer login
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Chatham respects your privacy.  Your personal information will not be sold, rented or distributed to any outside companies.  Copyright 2020, Chatham Created Gems, Inc.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site place and order, fill out a form, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
How We Use Collected Information
Chatham Inc. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service -Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience -We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process transactions -We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature -To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
Email newsletter -If you sign up to our newsletter we may use your email address to send you information about products or services. You can opt out of these at any point and you can ask for personal data to stop being recorded at any time.
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If the User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Addressing Pricing Errors
As advanced as technology may be, it also sometimes presents glitches and errors. Chatham Inc. reserves the right to refuse a sale on mispriced items. This includes and is not limited to mispriced jewelry products, discounts and discount combinations.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Chatham Inc. has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Page modified 05/2020
© 2020 Chatham Inc..