https://www.connecthearing.ca/privacy-policy/
Online hearing test
Find out how good your hearing is in just three minutes.
The online hearing test provides valuable information about your hearing.
Start now
Hearing loss
Understanding hearing lossTypes of hearing lossSudden hearing loss
Tinnitus
Causes and symptomsPrevention and treatment
Expertise
Professional hearing adviceHearing testAudiogram
About hearing aids
How hearing aids workModern hearing aidsTechnology and performance optionsTypes of hearing aidHearing aid advice & care
Hearing aid brands
Popular brandsPhonakAudioNovaUnitronStarkeyWidexAdvanced Bionics
Batteries, accessories and hearing protection
Hearing AccessoriesHearing protectionEveryday Listening Products
Cost of hearing aids
Hearing aid financingHearing aid offers & promotions
Blog overview
Categories
Hearing & Hearing LossHearing Aids & TechnologiesHearing ProtectionFun & InformativeHearing Loss in ChildrenHearing Health
Recommended Articles
My first hearing test: 12 questions with Vancouver Whitecaps FC’s Carl Valentine
Read more
Hearing Loss & Mental Health
Read more
Storefront
Buy hearing aid batteries, accessories and other devices online from Connect Hearing
Shop now
Most popular keywords
#tinnitus
#audiologist
#hearing test
#invisible
#hearing clinic
Quick Links:
Find a clinic
Online Hearing Test
Careers
About Us
Blog
Search for:
Privacy policy
General Information
As part of our shared values of innovation, engagement and responsibility, at the Sonova Group (that is, Sonova Holding AG and all of its subsidiaries), we respect the privacy of all persons who have entrusted us with their personal data, including visitors to our websites, and users of our applications, etc.  This Data Protection Statement (“Statement”) sets out the steps we have taken to meet data protection requirements under Swiss, EU and other applicable laws which regulate the collection, storage, use and transfer  (“Processing”) of personal data.
We consider this to be Personal Data:  any information  from which someone can or could find out your identity, such as your name, your address, email address, serial number of a device, social security number,  and the like.
This Statement describes the ways in which we Process the Personal Data we obtain from you through a website or application that is owned or operated by Sonova AG or any of its affiliates and subsidiaries ( “Sonova” or “We”).     This Statement applies solely to Personal Data collected by Sonova online, such as through a website, through e-mail and other online tools and applications, but not to offline collection.
Please note that the information or services provided here by Sonova are  directed at adults only and not at children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16 online. Any person who provides their Personal Data here represents that they are 16 years of age or older. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, you may alert us as described in the “How to contact us” section below. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Data from children under the age of 16, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and delete the child’s profile.
Consent to Collection
In compliance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA) Connect Hearing is committed to ensuring your personal information remains private. As a hearing health care provider, we strictly adhere to and are committed to confidentiality with regard to the health and personal information we may gather in providing services to our customers. The personal information we may collect includes the information you provide on this form as well as additional information such as hearing test results, hearing aid purchases and hearing aid configuration.
Connect Hearing and its contractors or affiliates may process or host personal information using databases and IT systems located outside of Canada, including the United States and Switzerland.
I understand and agree that my personal information provided might be processed or hosted outside of Canada as described above.
When given permission by you, we will provide hearing health care information only to your physician(s) if requested by you. Each employee of Connect Hearing must sign a Confidentiality Agreement as a condition of their employment. Each employee is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of personal information they may have access to.
We generally collect and process your Personal Data to be able to provide you with the services, products and information you request, to perform actions in connection with a contract we have with you, or because of our legitimate interest to conduct certain analyses and statistics, such as to improve our products and services and the content of our websites and applications,  and for administrative purposes.
In some instances, we may additionally ask for and will need your specific consent for collecting and using your Personal Data, especially in connection with sending you marketing materials or newsletters regarding our products and services.
Update to this Statement
We may from time to time decide to update this Statement if necessary. In this case, we will post updated versions of this Statement on this page. A revised Statement will apply only to data collected subsequent to its effective date. We encourage you periodically to review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of our services following the posting of changes to the Statement will mean you accept those changes.
What Personal Data do we collect about you?
Most of our services do not require any form of registration which means that you may visit our sites or use our applications  without providing us with any personal information about you. However, some services may require you to register and therefore to provide us with your Personal Data. The types of Personal Data we collect depend on the interactions you have with Sonova and the services you use, but generally may include your name and contact details, and information about your usage of the website or application. We may also collect health-related information about you that you provide by responding to our questions and surveys . We may also receive your Personal Data by tracking how you interact with our services, for example by using cookies (on the use of cookies, see more information below).
How do we use your Personal Data?
The better we know you, the better we are able to serve you. We ask you for your personal information in order to:
understand your needs
determine the best products and services for you
make appropriate appointments with our hearing health care providers
provide you with information and offers on products and services we think may be of interest to you
respond to your inquiries regarding warranties, assistive listening devices and our services, and to
contact you to ensure you are satisfied with our products and/or services.
We may use your Personal Data only as described in this Statement, to provide you with our services, to respond to your requests and to the extent as otherwise permitted or required by applicable laws, or in support of any legal or criminal investigation. We may further anonymize or pseudonymize and aggregate data collected for statistical purposes to help us improve our products and services.  If you do not want to provide us with this information, please do not utilize these features on our websites or applications.
With whom do we share your Personal Data?
Sonova does not make a business out of your Personal Data.  We only share, or otherwise disclose, your Personal Data to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted business partners providing services on our behalf, such as for technical support, to evaluate the usefulness of our websites and applications, for marketing purposes (if we have your consent), or for other types of service delivery. We further may share your personal data via cookies with advertising networks, to the extent we have your consent. We have contracts in place with these parties to ensure that Personal Data are processed based on our instructions and in compliance with this Statement and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We only share your Personal Data with these parties and other third parties mentioned above, including governmental authorities, as far as this is necessary to provide any services that you have requested or authorized, to protect your, our, or others’ rights, property or safety, to maintain the security of our services or if we are required to do so because of applicable laws, court or other governmental regulations, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in support of any legal or criminal investigation or legal proceeding.
Please note that the above-mentioned Sonova affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as authorities, customers and suppliers to whom we may disclose your Personal Data, may be located outside of your country of domicile, potentially including countries such as the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from those in the country in which you are located. In such cases, we will ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data by implementing appropriate legal mechanisms, such as EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
How do we protect your Personal Data?
We have implemented a variety of security measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. These follow technical and organizational measures generally accepted as appropriate security standards in the industry, including access controls, password, encryption, regular security assessments, and the like.
How long do we store your Personal Data?
We will store your Personal Data as long as required to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement, unless a longer or shorter retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.
How may you access control or delete your Personal Data?
You have the right to know and inquire what Personal Data we hold about you and to request that the correction or deletion of your Personal Data held by us or by a third party with whom we conduct business. In addition, you have the right to object to or to request the restriction of the processing of your Personal Data and you may contact your local data protection authority and file a complaint regarding the processing of your Personal Data.
We will establish and maintain a confidential file of personal information, both paper and electronic, for each customer. Only our employees who need to access your file in the course of their duties will have access to your information. You have the right to access your file and request rectification of any personal information in the file that may be obsolete, incomplete or incorrect.
We want to make this as simple as possible for you. You can obtain the ‘Customer Access to Personal Information Request’ form from us by requesting it in person, in a letter or by telephone. We will need to validate the identity of anyone making such a request to ensure that we do not provide your information to anyone who does not have the right to that information. We may charge you an administration fee for providing access to your file in accordance with your request. Normally, we will respond to access or rectification requests within 30 days. Should you wish to review your personal information at any time, or find out to whom it has been disclosed to as permitted by this Policy, simply ask one of our hearing health care professionals for a Customer Access to Personal Information Request form. A nominal fee may apply and you will be advised in advance of the amount of the fee.
In some cases, we will not be able to provide the information we hold about you. That will only occur if:
it contains references to other persons
it is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege
it contains our own proprietary information that is confidential to us
it has already been destroyed due to legal requirements or because we no longer needed it for the purposes set out in our Promise
it is too costly, in our determination, to retrieve
it cannot be disclosed for legal reasons.
If you would like to make such a request, please contact us as described in the section “How to contact us” below. After you have provided satisfactory proof of identity, we will respond within a reasonable time.
Direct marketing
We will occasionally communicate with you by mail, telephone or electronic means to offer you products or services that may be of interest to you. You may withdraw your consent to be contacted at any time as long as you give us reasonable notice of withdrawal.
Cookies and Usage Tracking
We use cookies, small text files that are automatically placed on your computer’s hard drive when you access certain websites, and similar technologies, directly or through third parties, such as web analytics services like Google Analytics.
Cookies allow us to store information, such as your domain name, your internet service provider, your operating system, the date and time of access, the pages you visit or the types of searches you perform.   We collect such data, for example, to conduct system administration and report aggregated information to affiliates, business partners and/or vendors who conduct website and application analyses and website performance reviews on our behalf.
We use this information to store your preferences and settings, help improve the contents of our websites or applications, to enable you to register to websites and applications, and to compile aggregated statistics to evaluate visitors’ use of our website or website activity, and for internal and market research purposes.
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and to opt out of Google Analytics. You can block cookies by changing your browser settings so that cookies from the website cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. However, please note that if you choose to refuse certain functional cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website. For further information about the types of cookies we use, please visit our Cookie Policy here.  For general information about managing cookies, please go to the All About Cookies website (https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/). Also, like most other websites, we use Google Analytics.  Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to analyze how users use the domains and provide other services related to the website and internet use. The information generated about your website usage, including your shortened IP address, is transmitted to Google Analytics and stored on servers in the US. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile statistical reports on website activity, and to provide other services related to the website and the internet use activity. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. By using this website, you consent to the processing of your Personal Data by Google, as described in this Statement. However, you may also opt-out of Google Analytics.    For more information about Google Analytics, or to opt out of Google Analytics, please click here and go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Cookie Settings
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Statement, or want to request access to your Personal Data or exercise your privacy rights, please contact us using the contact information below. You may also reach out to our Data Protection Officer at privacy@sonova.com.  Should we fail to resolve a complaint to your satisfaction or within a reasonable delay, you may contact our Managing Director, Lilika Beck.
To file an opt-out request, request access to your information, report incorrect information or file a complaint, please write to:
Privacy Officer
Connect Hearing
301 – 1007 Langley Street
Victoria, BC V8W 1V7
Book a free hearing test today!
Give us a call
Mon–Sat, 6:00 AM to 5:30 PM PT
1-888-501-2661
Find a hearing clinic
Search all locations
Book an appointment
Speak with a hearing consultant
Download our Hearing Loss Guide
Get your free copy of Hearing Loss: What you should know
Contact