http://www.lifefitness.com/en-us/details/privacy-policy-36930
Go to main section
Go to footer
This action will open a modal dialog
This action will scroll the page to the content
Close dialog
Tooltip.
Privacy Policy
LIFE FITNESS PRIVACY POLICYEffective Date: September 22, 2020At Life Fitness, we respect the concerns of our customers, online visitors, mobile application users, and business partners (“you,” or “your”) about your personal information and value our relationship with you.This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Life Fitness, the Life Fitness Family of Brands, and any affiliated or subsidiary companies (“Life Fitness,” “we” or “us”), offline or online, including the websites and mobile applications that post a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Sites”).This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal information we collect, how we use and process personal information, the legal basis for processing, and with whom we share personal information. We also tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information, remove your name from our mailing lists, or get answers to questions you may have about our privacy practices. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to interact with our sites or providing personal information to us after having an opportunity to review this Privacy Policy, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use posted on each of our Sites.ContentsUPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYPERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTInformation You ProvideOnline SalesInformation We Collect Using Cookies and Other TechnologiesPURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING INFORMATIONPERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHARELINKING SOCIAL NETWORK ACCOUNTSLINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESTHIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENTSHOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATIONCHILDREN’S PRIVACYYOUR RIGHTS – ACCESS & CORRECTIONRETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONPERSONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED STATESPRIVACY SHIELD COMPLIANCEHOW TO CONTACT USNOTICES AND RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERSCalifornia Consumer Privacy ActNotice at Collection of Personal InformationRight to Know about Personal Information We Collect, Disclose, or SellRight to Deletion of Personal InformationNo Sales of Personal InformationDesignating an Authorized AgentHow to Make a Verifiable California Consumer RequestHow We Will Respond to a California Consumer RequestProtection from Discrimination for Exercising California Consumer RightsFinancial Incentive ProgramsCalifornia “Shine the Light” LawRights of California Residents Under Age 18UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our operations or applicable laws. We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal information, we have previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent either through an email to your registered email address or by prominent posting on our sites. If we intend to further process your personal data for a purpose other than that for which the personal data were collected, prior to that further processing, Life Fitness shall provide you with information about that other purpose and with additional information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTWhen we use the terms “personal information” or “personal data” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated, directly or indirectly, with an individual. Personal information does not include information that has been modified in a substantial way so that it no longer can reasonably identify or be linked to an individual.Depending on your interactions with Life Fitness, we may collect personal information including your name, address, telephone number, employer, email address, Site password, demographic information, some physical condition information or financial information when you visit the Sites, create an account with us, or register a product or purchase with the Sites. Some of our sites also offer you the option to interact with, capture, or save information through the Sites such as photos or forum posts.We collect information through cookies and beacons on our Sites including your IP address, how you use the Sites, and what you have searched for and viewed with the Sites. The information automatically collected will be associated with other personal information we have collected about you. We also automatically collect information about the devices you use to interact with our Sites including your device identifier, web browser, and precise geolocation (with your knowledge and consent).Additional ways in which personal information is collected and processed are as follows:Information You ProvidePrecise Geolocation Information. We may offer products and services that require us to collect your precise geolocation. In such instances, you may be required to allow Life Fitness to collect your precise geolocation, with your knowledge and consent, to provide you with that product or service. If you choose not to provide us with your precise geolocation information, these products and services will not function properly and we will not be able to provide them to you.We will also use this precise geolocation information for analytics purposes and will share your precise geolocation information with certain third parties, including but not limited to dealers and parties who provide targeted advertising and analytics services.Information Request. If you request information about our products (e.g., order a brochure, a catalogue, or a magazine), we will ask you to provide personal information and details, such as your name, email address, telephone number, intended use of the relevant product, interests, etc. You may choose to provide additional comments and requests. We, or the authorized dealer in your area, will use your details to send you the information you request and may use this information to communicate with you in the future about our products or services.Newsletters and Other Communications. We may offer online or offline newsletters and other communications about our products, services and promotions. When you sign up to receive these communications, we ask you for personal information, such as your name, postal address and email address. We, or the authorized dealer in your area, will use the information to send you the communications you request and to communicate with you about our products and services.Product Registration.  If you register a Life Fitness brand product you purchased online, we will ask for your name, email and postal address, dealer and product details, and optional household and demographic information.Fitness and Exercise Data. If you register to use our Halo® mobile application to track your exercise sessions, we will ask for your name, e-mail address, and mobile phone number. You also may elect to input data relating to your physical condition such as age, weight, and height. As you exercise, the Halo® will collect and analyze performance metrics such as VO2Max, flexibility and strength, which you will be able to download in report form.Feedback, Surveys, or Contests. We may offer you the opportunity to participate in online surveys, solicitations, or contests. Information we request includes contact information (such as e-mail address) and demographic information (such as number of family members and income ranges). Participation in surveys, solicitations, or contests is completely voluntary. Therefore, you have a choice as to whether to disclose any information. We, our business partners, or the authorized dealer in your area, will use the information provided to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor or improve the use of one or more websites or advertising, and to provide aggregated information for marketing analyses.Solicitations may take the form of mailings via U.S. mail; other couriers; or (if provided) email.Careers. Our Sites may include a link to Life Fitness Careers so that you may search for open Life Fitness positions and apply for positions by submitting your resume and other personal information, such as your name, contact information, and job history. We use the information you submit to evaluate your interest in employment and to contact you regarding possible employment.Locate a Sales Representative or Dealer. Some of our Sites enable you to locate a sales representative or dealer near you through the “find a rep” or “find dealer” request forms. Where this service is available, it is completely voluntary and you will have a choice as to whether to provide your personal information. In order to assist you in locating a sales representative or dealer, we will ask you for information, such as your first and last name, full postal address and telephone number. We use this information to locate a sales representative or dealer near you, to evaluate your needs and to give you the best and most relevant service. We, the sales representative, or the authorized dealer in your area, may use the information to communicate with you directly about our products and services.Online Sales.Life Fitness Sites. Our branded merchandise is offered for sale by Life Fitness directly from the Sites. If you transact with Life Fitness via our Sites, your order and payment information will be collected to process orders. Your information will be collected either by Life Fitness or by an authorized third-party payment processor.Third Party Sites. Our branded merchandise also is offered for sale by authorized third party merchandise partners through websites they own and control, which may be linked to the Sites. If you transact with an authorized third-party merchandise partner, your purchase will be conducted on our authorized third- party merchandise partner’s website, subject to the third party’s privacy policies and terms of use. You should review the privacy policy and terms of use that apply to that third party’s website, which will apply to your transaction.Product Financing and Credit Refinancing. We may provide links to third-party vendors for product financing or credit refinancing information for some of our products. If such a link is provided, your information is transmitted directly to the third-party vendor and is not received by our companies. You should review the privacy policy and terms of use that apply to the third-party vendor’s website.Owner’s Programs or Rewards Programs. From time to time, some of our Sites may offer owner’s programs, reward programs, or coupons and request contact information and information on your product purchases, so that we can enroll you in these programs and communicate with you.Product Registration. From time to time, some of our Sites may offer online product registration. By registering your product online, you agree that we, our business partners, an authorized dealer/service provider, or third-party advertising agency may contact you related to the product registration for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, providing product notifications, as required by law, for customer service and/or warranty assistance, to maintain Life Fitness’s databases and business processes, and/or to contact you for purposes otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.Referral Service. From time to time, we may offer a referral service that allows you to inform your friends and other acquaintances about products and/or information contained on (or through) Life Fitness’s websites. If you elect to use such a referral service, the following will apply: email address(es) will be collected for the purpose of sending a one-time email for which you will be noted as the sender of such email. Life Fitness will be a service provider facilitating such delivery.Information We Collect Using Cookies and Other TechnologiesWe collect certain information by automated means when you visit our Sites, such as how many users visited our Sites and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our Sites to our visitors. We collect this information through various means such as “cookies” and “web beacons.” In addition, we may collect IP addresses, as explained below. For more information regarding our use of cookies, please refer to our separate Cookie Policy.Cookies.  As described in our separate Cookie Policy, like many companies, we use “cookies,” pixels, and similar technologies on our Sites. Cookies are pieces of code placed on your devices when you visit certain websites. We use cookies and similar technologies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify features of the Sites in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular website.Most web browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies and other internet technologies, how to be notified when placed on your device, and how to disable them.  Please note, however, that without these technologies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features and functionality of the Sites.Web Beacons. As described in our separate Cookie Policy, certain pages on our Sites contain “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears; the URL of the page on which the beacon appears; the time the page containing the beacon was viewed; the type of browser used to view the page; and the information in cookies set by the third party.IP Addresses and Mobile Device Identifiers. An IP address and mobile device identifier are unique identifiers that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Sites, we view the IP address or identifier of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We then use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand the general locations of the visitors to our Sites. We also use this information to enhance our Sites.PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe personal information we collect is processed for the following purposes:To serve the functions of the Sites;To manage everyday business needs, such as administration and improvement of the Sites;To respond to your requests and provide information and communicate with you about our products and services;To register an online or offline account;To process your order or other transactions, including warranty and product registration, claim, or request, and provide related customer service.To provide you with information about financial options for the purchase of our products;To analyze the Sites’ performance and functioning;To prevent fraud; to enforce the Sites’ Terms of Use; to comply with applicable laws and corporate reporting obligations; and to enforce Life Fitness’s agreements;To analyze how you and others use the Sites, to prepare aggregated trend reports, and to perform other market research;To provide you with online advertisements and marketing emails based on your interests;To facilitate your interaction through our Sites with other consumers, including through social networking; andTo send you further notices, promotions, solicitations, brochures, or other marketing materials regarding our Sites, our products, and the services of our businesses, affiliates, business partners, or authorized dealers.Life Fitness processes your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis that we will rely on will be one of the following:You have consented to our processing your personal information;The processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or to fulfill a request you have made;The processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation that applies to Life Fitness under US, EU or Member State or other applicable law; orThe processing is necessary for purposes that are in Life Fitness’ legitimate interests as a multinational equipment manufacturer and retailer in order to, for example, protect our business and better understand our customers.We may use your personal information to develop a personal profile about you. We may use the personal information in your profile to respond to requests for financial options for purchasing products and services from us and to contact to you for marketing purposes.If you “unsubscribe” to our emails or notify us as provided under “How to Contact Us” below, not to contact you for marketing purposes, we will not send you marketing information.Our Sites collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHAREWe share the information you provide with affiliates, sales representatives or authorized dealers in your area, and other business partners. They may use your information to communicate with you about their products and services, and to send you further notices, promotions, solicitations, or brochures, and other marketing materials regarding our website, our products, and the services they provide. With your knowledge and consent, we will also share your precise geolocation with third parties, including but not limited to dealers and parties who provide targeted advertising and analytics services.We also share your information with third parties who perform services and functions on our behalf to support our interactions with you including, for example, providing our products and services, administering surveys or contests, hosting product reviews, or communicating with you. These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.In addition, we will disclose information about you:If we are required to do so by law or legal process;To law enforcement authorities or other government officials;When we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;If this is necessary to protect the vital interests of a person;To enforce our Terms of Use;To protect our property, services and legal rights;To prevent fraud against Life Fitness, our Sites, our affiliates, customers, product users, business partners, or authorized dealers;To support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions; orTo comply with applicable laws.We reserve the right to disclose and transfer all information related to our Sites, including personal data, to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of one or more of the Sites or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets, or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.LINKING TO SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTSIf you connect your social media account to your Halo® account, you will share certain personal information from your social media account with us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your [Halo®] account, depending on the preferences / choices you have selected within your social media account’s setting, or the opinions expressed (e.g., “Likes”) you have provided within our Social Media pages.LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESOur Sites may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from our Sites. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not part of this website, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of any of those websites.THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENTSThird parties, including advertisers, will collect information, potentially including personal information, about your activities over time and across different websites when you use the Sites. Those third parties provide Life Fitness with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, analytical information, and assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements.Collection of your personal information by third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy. Please consult the privacy policies of those third parties to determine how they collect and use your personal information.Many third-party advertisers and some web browsers and mobile devices allow you to opt out of third-party advertising. Information and resources to opt out of interest-based advertising are available from the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You may also opt out of tracking and receiving targeted advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at:www.aboutads.info/appchoices.Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while visiting the Sites and elsewhere online.HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information we collect to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide when visiting or using the Sites. Despite our efforts to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee it will be completely secure from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, or alteration.  In particular, there is always a risk inherent in the electronic transmission and storage of information. To protect the security of your user name and password, we recommend that you use a complex password that is different from passwords you use for other activities, keep all your passwords in a safe place, and do not share your passwords with others. Always remember to logout after your session ends so that that other people cannot access your account information.Information about MinorsThe Sites are not intended for access and use by individuals under the age of 18.  We do not intentionally collect personal information from individuals who we have reason to believe are under the age of 18. If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from individuals under age 18, please contact us as explained below under “How to Contact Us.”YOUR RIGHTS – ACCESS & CORRECTIONYou have the right to request access to the personal information we have collected about you for the purposes of reviewing, modifying, or requesting erasure of your personal information. You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information we have collected about you. In certain situations, you may also request that we restrict or cease processing your personal information.If you would like to make a request to access, review, or correct the personal information we have collected about you, please contact us by clicking here, emailing us at privacy@lifefitness.com or through one of the methods in the “How to Contact Us” section, below.To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your information.You will be notified of any actions taken on your personal information in response to a request submitted for modification, deletion, or restrictions on the processing of your personal information.When data processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before such withdrawal. You also have a right to data portability when the data processing is based on a contract between you and Life Fitness and the data was processed by automated means. You may exercise these rights by submitting a written request to privacy@lifefitness.com. Life Fitness will respond to your request within one month.You have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate privacy or data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONLife Fitness retains all personal information for the duration of the relevant business relationship or, where required, in accordance with its information management policies and schedules. When deleting personal information based on a request by the data subject, Life Fitness will make reasonable attempts to ensure that all instances of the information are deleted in their entirety. For requests for access, corrections, or deletion, please refer to the “Your Rights - Access & Correction” section of this policy.Life Fitness maintains documentation, including a data processing activity register, to demonstrate compliance with its obligations and to allow audits, including inspections, to be carried out by Life Fitness or another auditor, and to participate in such audits.PERSONAL DATA TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED STATESThe Sites to which this Privacy Policy applies are subject to United States law, unless otherwise provided herein. By using the Sites or providing us with your personal data, you are transferring your personal data to us in the United States. In addition, we regularly transfer the personal data we collect on the Sites to other countries where we do business, which may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you reside. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy, even though the receiving country may not have the same privacy and data protection laws as the country in which you reside.In July of 2020, the European Court of Justice determined that that the United States does not adequately protect the rights and freedoms of residents of the European Economic Area with respect to personal data that may be subject to national security surveillance by the United States government.  Although Life Fitness has never received a request from the U.S. government to produce any personal data and the personal data we process does not have obvious national security significance, we cannot guarantee that such a request will not be made in the future. By providing your personal data to us or by using our Halo® mobile application to track your exercise performance, you are acknowledging and agreeing to our collection, transfer, and processing of your personal information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not want your personal data to be processed in the United States or possibly other countries that do not meet the adequacy of protection standards as determined by the EU court and authorities, you should not use our online services or submit personal data to us in other ways.PRIVACY SHIELD COMPLIANCELife Fitness, as well as its U.S. affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries further identified below, are certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Life Fitness has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles, although Life Fitness does not solely rely on the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as a legal basis for transfers of personal data. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.The U.S. Life Fitness entities adhering to the Privacy Shield Principles for all personal data, include: Lumos Holdings US Acquisition Co.; Life Fitness, LLC; Life Fitness Sales, Inc.; Cybex International, Inc.; Cybex Capital Corporation; Life Fitness International Sales, Inc.The U.S. Life Fitness entities adhering to the Privacy Shield Principles for Human Resources personal data, include: Lumos Holdings US Acquisition Co.; Life Fitness, LLC; Life Fitness Sales, Inc.; Cybex International, Inc.; Cybex Capital Corporation; Life Fitness International Sales, Inc.With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield, Life Fitness and its related entities listed above are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.In certain circumstances, individuals who have submitted personal data to Life Fitness may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution methods have been exhausted, as described in Annex 1 to the Privacy Shield.As described in the Privacy Shield Principles, Life Fitness remains responsible for any of your personal information received for operations under the Privacy Shield and transferred to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.Life Fitness commits to cooperate with and refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to personal data transferred from the EU and Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from Life Fitness, or if Life Fitness has not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit the EU Data Protection Authority or Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner for more information or to file a complaint.HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact:Life FitnessAttn: Law DepartmentColumbia Centre III9525 Bryn Mawr Avenue Rosemont, IL 60018Phone: 1-800-735-3867Email: privacy@lifefitness.comIf you would like to make a request to access, review, or correct the personal information we have collected about you, update your preferences, have your information removed from our mailing lists, or no longer receive marketing e-mails resulting from information collected, you may do so by:Adjusting the settings in an account you created through the Sites;Unsubscribing via the links contained in emails from us; orCompleting an online request form by clicking here or contacting us at privacy@lifefitness.com.Notices and Rights for California ConsumersCalifornia Consumer Privacy ActThis section of our Privacy Policy supplements our Privacy Policy to provide additional information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, and other California consumer protection laws. This section applies only to consumers who reside in the State of California. This section does not apply to Life Fitness personnel or to California residents whose information we obtain in business to business interactions.Notice at Collection of Personal InformationThe personal information we collect about consumers and the business or commercial purposes for which it will be used is described in these sections of our Privacy Policy:PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTPURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATIONPERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHAREThe chart below summarizes the categories and specific pieces of information Life Fitness may have obtained about you during the past twelve (12) months, depending on the nature and scope of our interactions with you.Categories of Personal Information Collected in Past 12 MonthsSpecific Pieces of Personal Information Collected in the Past 12 MonthsPersonal identifiersName, postal address, email address, and telephone number, if provided by customer or available from public or commercial sources, gender.User name and password for Life Fitness online or Halo account.Internet protocol address; mobile device identifier.Consumer informationCredit/debit card information if provided to complete a transaction.Financial informationCommercial informationTransaction history with Life Fitness and affiliates for products and services purchased.Credit reports if providing financing for purchaseFitness and exercise informationExercise sessions, physical condition such as age, weight, height, VO2Max, flexibility and strengthBiometric informationRecordings of voicemailsRecordings of customer service callsInternet and other electronic network activityForms completed online; browsing history, search historyInteractions with the Sites, Halo application, and advertisements.Electronic communications (e-mail)Posts on online forumsGeolocation dataPrecise geolocation is collected with your consent in order to provide certain products and services you request. General location information may be derived from IP addresses and mobile device data.Customer or household profile informationProfile of customer preferences, needs, and interests; geographic location; budget; family composition and age ranges.Right to Know about Personal Information We Collect, Disclose, or SellCalifornia consumers have the right to request any of the following information regarding personal information collected by Life Fitness about the consumer or the consumer’s household during the last twelve (12) months (“Right to Know”):1. The categories of personal information we collected.2. The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.3. The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.4. For personal information sold or exchanged for value with a third party:  categories of personal information and categories of third parties.5. For personal information disclosed to a third party for a business purpose:  categories of personal information; and categories third parties.6. The specific pieces of personal information collected about you (except for very sensitive personally identifiable information, which we will describe but not transmit).The process by which we verify and respond to your requests is explained below under “How to Make a Verifiable California Consumer Request” and “How We Will Respond to a California Consumer Request.” You may submit a Right to Know request here.Right to Deletion of Personal InformationCalifornia consumers have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which a business has collected from the consumer, subject to a range of exclusions permitted by law (“Right to Delete”).  For example, business is not required to delete personal information if it is necessary to complete a transaction, is reasonably used for an ongoing business relationship, or is used internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.Once we receive and verify your request, we will separately confirm your request and follow appropriate procedures to verify the identity and authority of the person submitting the request. If the Right to Delete request is confirmed and verified, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) the requested personal information from our records, unless an exclusion applies. If we are unable to fulfill all or part of your request, we will let you know why (for example, if we have a permitted reason to retain certain information if the identity of the requesting person cannot be verified).The process by which we verify and respond to your requests is explained below under “How to Make a Verifiable California Consumer Request” and “How We Will Respond to a California Consumer Request.” You may submit a Right to Delete request here.No Sales of Personal Information California consumers have the right to direct a business not to sell their personal information to others. In the preceding twelve months, Life Fitness has not made sales of personal information for monetary or other consideration and has no present plans to do so. We share personal information with third parties for the purposes described in the section of this Privacy Policy titled, "PERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHARE."Designating an Authorized AgentCalifornia consumers may designate an authorized agent to act on their behalf to submit a Right to Know or Right to Delete request, or (if applicable) a request to opt-out from the sale of their Personal Information. An authorized agent may be a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State. An authorized agent must also submit to the Life Fitness written proof of their authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.How to Make a Verifiable California Consumer RequestCalifornia consumers may submit a request to exercise any of their rights described above using any of the following methods:By phone: 1-800-735-3867Online webform: Click hereBy email: privacy@lifefitness.comBy postal mail: 9525 Bryn Mawr AvenueRosemont, IL  60018Please note that in order for us to verify certain requests (including verification of your identity, California residency, and – for requests made on behalf of someone else – your relationship with the individual on whose behalf the request is being made), you may be required to confirm information that we have on file for you; including email address, phone number, full name, address and other personal information.  We reserve the right to deny a consumer request if the identity or authority of the requesting party cannot be confirmed.How We Will Respond to a California Consumer Request We will confirm receipt of your Right to Know or Right to Delete request within ten (10) business days and may request additional information necessary to verify that you are permitted to make the request. We will respond to any verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) calendar days of receiving it, subject to delays and exclusions permitted by law.  If we require more time to respond, we will let you know the reason why and the extension period in writing.  If you have a password-protected online account with us, we will respond via that account.  If you do not have an online account, we will use the email address or U.S. Postal address you provided to us when making the request.For a Right to Know request, our response will cover the twelve (12) month period preceding our receipt of the request.  If we cannot comply with all or part of your request, we will explain the reasons why.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information readily from one entity to another entity.We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.Protection from Discrimination for Exercising California Consumer RightsCalifornia consumers have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for exercising the privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act. As such, we will not discriminate against a California consumer for exercising any of the rights described in this section.  This means that except as legally permitted we will not:Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.Financial Incentive ProgramsWe are permitted to offer certain financial or service incentives to encourage consumers to provide certain financial information.  If we offer a financial or service benefit program to you, we will provide a written description of the material terms of the program to you in a written Notice of Financial Incentive, and you will only be enrolled as a participant if you affirmatively opt-in to the program.  You may revoke your opt-in consent at any time.  The Notice of Financial Incentive will explain the process for opting-in to participate and withdrawing from the program (opting-out) in.California “Shine the Light” LawIf you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the immediately preceding calendar year. We will provide you with a list of the categories of personal information disclosed and a list of the names and addresses of the third parties. To make such a request, please send an email including evidence of residency in California to privacy@lifefitness.com.Rights of California Residents Under Age 18Some of the Sites provide the opportunity for you to publicly post content. If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to privacy@lifefitness.com. Please include evidence of residency in California, and age of requester.
Customer Support
Contact Us
Find a Distributor
Find a Store
Invention Submission
Product Support
Download Catalog
Shop Parts
Product Registration
Company
About Us
Careers
Press Releases
Legal
Cookie Preferences
Our Commitment to Accessibility
Language selector
US
US accordion toggle
Select a region
Belgium (FR)
Netherlands (NL)
United States (EN)
United Kingdom (EN)
Belgium (NL)
View All
Follow Us
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
pinterest
linkedIn
© 2020 Life Fitness. All Rights Reserved. Life Fitness is a registered trademark.