http://www.rowehankins.com/equality-policy
Rowe Hankins Ltd. Equality Policy
Rowe Hankins Ltd. is committed to encouraging equality and diversity among our workforce, and eliminating unlawful discrimination.The aim is for our workforce to be truly representative of all sections of society and our customers, and for each employee to feel respected and able to give their best.  The organisation – in providing goods and/or services and/or facilities, is also committed against unlawful discrimination of customers or the public.The policy’s purpose is to:provide equality, fairness and respect for all in our employment, whether temporary, part-time or full-time.not unlawfully discriminate because of characteristics of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race (including colour, nationality, and ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, sex (gender) and sexual orientation.oppose and avoid all forms of unlawful discrimination. This includes in pay and benefits, terms and conditions of employment, dealing with grievances and discipline, dismissal, redundancy, leave for parents, requests for flexible working, and selection for employment, promotion, training or other developmental opportunities.Rowe Hankins Ltd. commits to:encourage equality and diversity in the workplace as they are good practice and make business sense.create a working environment free of bullying, harassment, victimisation and unlawful discrimination, promoting dignity and respect for all, and where individual differences and the contributions of all staff are recognised and valued.training managers and all other employees about their rights and responsibilities under the equality policy. Responsibilities include staff conducting themselves to help the organisation provide equal opportunities in employment, and prevent bullying, harassment, victimisation and unlawful discrimination.ensuring all staff understand they, as well as their employer, can be held liable for acts of bullying, harassment, victimisation and unlawful discrimination, in the course of their employment, against fellow employees, customers, suppliers and the public.taking seriously complaints of bullying, harassment, victimisation and unlawful discrimination by fellow employees, customers, suppliers, visitors, the public and any others in the course of the organisation’s work activities
Such acts will be dealt with as misconduct under the organisation’s grievance and/or disciplinary procedures, and any appropriate action will be taken. Particularly serious complaints could amount to gross misconduct and lead to dismissal without notice.Further, sexual harassment may amount to both an employment rights matter and a criminal matter, such as in sexual assault allegations. In addition, harassment under the Protection from Harassment Act 1997, which is not limited to circumstances where harassment relates to a protected characteristic.make opportunities for training, development and progress available to all staff, who will be helped and encouraged to develop their full potential, so their talents and resources can be fully utilised to maximise the efficiency of the organisation.decisions concerning staff being based on merit (apart from in any necessary and limited exemptions and exceptions allowed under the Equality Act)review employment practices and procedures when necessary to ensure fairness, and also update them and the policy to take account of changes in the law.monitor the make-up of the workforce regarding information such as age, gender, ethnic background, sexual orientation, religion or belief, and disability in encouraging equality and diversity, and in meeting the aims and commitments set out in the equality policy.Monitoring will also include assessing how the equality policy, and any sporting action plan, are working in practice, reviewing them annually, and considering and taking action to address any issues.The equality policy is fully supported by senior management and the Board.Use of the organisation’s grievance and/or disciplinary procedures does not affect an employee’s right to make a claim to an employment tribunal within three months of the alleged discriminationEquality Policy – Updated December 2020 by: Rowe Hankins Ltd. Registered in England Number: 2021691 Registered office address: Power House, Parker Street, Bury, Lancashire BL9 0RJ, UK.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking Accept you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Settings to manage your preferences.
Read our privacy policy.
ACCEPT
REJECT
SETTINGS
COOKIE SETTINGS
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to analyse your use of the site to evaluate and improve our performance. They may also be used to provide a better customer experience on this site.
To read more about the analytics cookies we use, please visit our Cookie Policy.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
To find out more about cookies on Rowe Hankins, please visit our Cookie Policy
ENABLE ALL
SAVE CHANGES