http://www.carlogavazzi.com/en/cookie-policy.html
Carlo Gavazzi
zur Hauptnavigation
zum Inhalt
zur Servicespalte
zur Fusszeile
Menu
Carlo Gavazzi
Group profile
At a glance
Group profile
Our activities
Board of Directors
Management
History
Media
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
Registration
Investors
Financial calendar
Actual share price
Alternative performance measures
Shares
Annual report
Interim report
Presentations
Analyst coverage
Corporate governance
Contacts
Corporate
Automation Components
Disclaimer
Credits
Sitemap
Menu
Deutsch
Group profile
Media
Investors
Contacts
to overview
Cookie Policy
This notice outlines our handling practices with regard to cookies and related technologies in connection with our website at www.carlogavazzi.comand our official social media pages as well as HTML-formatted email messages that we may send to you (collectively the ‘Sites’).
The access and use of our Sites require our use of cookies and related technologies; these are essential to enable our Sites to run properly. Refusing the use of such cookies in your browser settings or otherwise may prove detrimental to the access and use of our Sites. We may additionally use advertising cookies and tracking technologies to provide you with an enhanced or customised experience of our Sites. You have the option to agree to our use of cookies; if you choose not to accept any advertising cookies, this shall not impact your use of our Sites in any way.
1. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by websites you visit and allows us or a third party to (1) enable certain functions of the Sites, (2) provide anonymous data analytics, and (3) store your preferences to speed up your future activities and personalise your experiences on the Sites. A cookie can do this because the Sites can read and write these files, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that will make your use of a website more convenient (for example by remembering preference settings) and enable content that is more relevant to you.
Some cookies may store personal information, for example, if you click ‘remember me’ when logging. Most cookies, however, will not collect information that identifies you and will instead collect more general information such as the name of the website from which the cookie has come from, the ‘lifetime’ of the cookie (i.e. how long it will remain on your device) and a value that is usually a randomly generated number.
2. What type of cookies do we use?
Cookies can either be session or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. A persistent cookie will remain until it expires (as set in the cookies themselves) or you delete your cookies. To the extent that information collected through cookies constitutes personal information, the provisions in the Privacy Policy (see footer) apply and complement this Cookie Notice.
Our cookies generally belong to one of the following categories:
Type of Cookie: Functionality
Examples:
cms_main (CMS)
cms_manager (CMS)
cookies_accepted (cookie function)
What do they do?
These cookies are necessary/essential to make our Sites work correctly. They enable you to move around our Sites and use our features. Examples include remembering previous actions (e.g. entered text) when navigating back to a page in the same session. They can also enable visitors to watch videos, play games and engage with social tools, such as blogs, chatrooms and forums.
Do these cookies collect my personal data / identify me?
These cookies need not, but might, identify you as an individual. They are, however, deleted after you end the session.
Type of Cookie: Performance
Examples:
_ga (Google Analytics)
_gat (Google Analytics)
_gid (Google Analytics)
What do they do?
These cookies help us understand how visitors interact with our Sites by providing information about the areas visited, the time spent on the Sites and any issues encountered, such as error messages. This helps us improve the performance of our Sites.
Do these cookies collect my personal data / identify me?
These cookies don’t identify you as an individual. All data is collected and aggregated anonymously. Site about ‘How Google uses Cookies’
“how Google uses Cookies”:
Type of Cookie: Targeting / advertising
Examples:
This site does not actively set advertising-cookies
What do they do?
These cookies are used to deliver content that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may be used to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They also help us measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our Sites and third-party sites.We may use these cookies to remember the Sites you have visited and we may share this information with other parties, including advertisers and our agencies.
Do these cookies collect my personal data / identify me?
Most types of these cookies track consumers via their IP address and thus may collect some personal identifiable information.In any case, these cookies will only be used subject to your prior express consent that you may withdraw at any time and shall not be stored for more than a year as of the time they are set on your device.
3. How do third parties use cookies on our Sites?
Third-party companies like analytics companies generally use cookies to collect user information on an anonymous basis.
4. Other similar technologies
Our Sites also make use of other tracking technologies including IP addresses and/or log files and/or web beacons, which also help us tailor our Sites to your personal needs:
IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. We may record IP addresses for the following purposes: (i) to troubleshoot technical concerns, (ii) to maintain website safety and security, (iii) to better understand how our websites are utilised, and (iv) to better tailor content to your needs depending on the country you are in.
Log Files. We (or a third party on our behalf) may collect information in the form of logs files that record website activity and gather statistics about a user’s browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously and help us gather (among other things) (i) a user’s browser type and operating system, (ii) information about a user’s session (such as the URL they came from, the date and time they visited our website and which pages they've viewed on our website and for how long), and (iii) other similar navigational or click-stream data. Data collected by Google Analytics will be stored for 38 months.
Web Beacons. We (or a third party on our behalf) may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our Sites. Web beacons (also known as ‘web bugs’) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page for the purpose of transferring data back to us. The information collected via web beacons may include information about how a user responds to an email campaign (e.g. the time the email is opened, where does the user link to from the email, etc.). We use web beacon information for a variety of purposes, including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalisation.
5. How can I manage my cookie options?
Although this may change in the near future, most browsers are still initially set up to automatically accept cookies but allow you to change these settings to delete existing cookies, block future ones or alert you when they are being sent to your device. Please refer to your browser instructions to that effect. However, should you modify the settings, please note that you might not be able to use all the features we offer or store your preferences, and that some of our pages may no longer be displayed properly. Remember that if you use different computers in different locations, you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, 11.0
Click on the ‘Tools’ option at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’, then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab. Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will then enable cookies in your browser. Settings above Medium will disable cookies.
Microsoft Edge
Click on the menu button in the upper right corner and select ‘Settings’. Scroll down to the bottom and select ‘Show advanced settings’. Below, you will find the category ‘Cookies’ with several options. If you select the ‘Block all cookies’ option, they will no longer be saved.
Google Chrome (Latest version)
Click on the spanner icon at the top right of your browser window and select ‘Settings’. Click ‘Show advanced settings’ at the bottom and locate the ‘Privacy’ section. Click ‘Content settings’ and, within the cookies section at the top, select ‘allow local data to be set’ to enables cookies. To disable cookies, please check the ‘Block sites from setting any data’, ‘Block third-party cookies and site data’ and ‘Clear cookies and other site and plug-in data when I close my browser’ options.
Mozilla Firefox
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options. Next, select the Privacy icon at the top of the overlay that appears. Check the ‘Accept cookies from sites’ option to enable cookies. If you wish to disable cookies, please uncheck this box.
Safari
Click on the cog icon located top right of your browser window and select ‘Preferences’. Click on the ‘Privacy’ icon at the top of the overlay that appears. Check the option that says ‘Block third-party and advertising cookies’. If you wish to completely disable cookies, please check the ‘Never’ box.
Additionally, where available, you can exercise your choice in allowing for cookies to be placed on your computer or to opt-out of cookies by visiting the following sites and selecting the company’s cookies from which you would like to opt out: https://www.aboutads.info/choices or https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
Finally, as a web beacon forms part of a webpage, it is not possible to ‘opt-out’ but you may render them ineffective by opting out of the cookies they set.
6. More information
You may learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you have any question about our Cookie Notice, you may contact us by email at gavazzi@carlogavazzi.ch.
Copyrights© 2020 Carlo Gavazzi Holding AG Carlo Gavazzi App The Carlo Gavazzi App is now available through the corresponding App-Stores:
Android
iOS
About us Sitemap
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Credits
Languages
Deutsch
I accept the use of cookies
We are using cookies in order to facilitate your navigation on this website. You can read about how cookies are used and how to manage them here. By continuing to navigate on this website or clicking on the button you accept our cookie notice and related Privacy Policy.