https://www.weber.com/US/en/legal/privacy-policy/weber-33797.html
android
apple
arrow
cart-big-outline
cart-full
check
chef-hat
all-grid
bullseye
lightbulb
circle-medium
circle-small
clock
download
download
enlarge
facebook
instagram
magnifier
menu-arrow-down
pointer
printer
share
star
twitter
user-simple
weber-logo
youtube
Add to Cart
menu-arrow-down
Arrow
Add to Cart
circle-medium
gift-certificate-icon
pointer
Skip to Main Content
Find HELP
Shop eGift Cards
Direct Financing Now Available
English
Log in | Weber-ID
Log in
New to this site? Create a Weber-ID
My account
Profile
My Grills
My Orders
My Addresses
Search
Go to Search Results
Grills
Grills Menu
Wood Pellet Grills
SmokeFire Series
New
Gas Grills
Spirit Series
Summit® Series
Q Series
Genesis® II Series
Charcoal Grills
Original Kettle Series
Master-Touch Series
New
Performer Series
Summit® Charcoal Grill Series
Smokey Mountain Cooker Series
Ranch Series
Summit® Kamado Series
New
Electric Grills
Q Electric Series
Pulse Series
New
Portable Grills
Smokey Joe® Series
New
Go-Anywhere Series
Jumbo Joe Series
Accessories
Accessories Menu
Weber Connect
Weber Connect Smart Grilling Hub
New
Cooking
Gourmet BBQ System
Grilling Tools
iGrill and Thermometers
Griddles and Planchas
Charcoal Accessories
Elevations Tiered Grilling System
Rotisseries
Baskets and Pans
Barbecue Racks and Roasters
Smoking Accessories
Pellet Grill Accessories
New
Preparation and Serving
Specialty Accessories
Mitts, Gloves, and Aprons
Cutlery & Knives
New
Care
Grill Brushes
Covers and Carry Bags
Cleaning Products and Tools
Drip Pans
Charcoal Grill Replacement Parts
Gas Grill Replacement Parts
Electric Grill Replacement Parts
Merchandise and Outdoor Lifestyle
Weber Gear
New
Cookbooks
Carts
Grill Lights
Tool Hooks
Side Tables
Recipes & Grilling Skills
Recipes & Grilling Skills Menu
Recipes
Starters
Red Meat
Pork
Poultry
Seafood
Veggies
Desserts
Grill Skills
Mastering Gas
Mastering Charcoal
Mastering Smoke
Mastering Red Meat
Mastering Pork
Mastering Seafood
Mastering Poultry
Mastering Fruits and Veggies
Blog
Grill Inspiration
Tips & Techniques
Behind the grill
Burning questions
See all
Support
Support Menu
Replacement Parts
Schematics
Gas Grills
Charcoal Grills
Q Series Grills
Portable Grills
Owner Resources
Faqs
Register Your Grill
Find Manuals
Warranty Terms
File Warranty Claim
Track your Order
Contact Us
...
Log in | Weber-ID
Register Grill
Store Finder
HELP Find HELP
Shop eGift Cards
Direct Financing Now Available
English
Log in | Weber-ID
Log in
New to this site? Create a Weber-ID
My account
Profile
My Grills
My Orders
My Addresses
Search
Go to Search Results
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Weber-Stephen Products LLCMenuABOUT USCAREERSWEBER RESTAURANTPRIVACYLEGAL NOTICETRADEMARKSACCESSIBILITY STATEMENTData Privacy Inquiries and RequestsUpdated: August 13, 2020Weber-Stephen Products LLC and its global subsidiaries and affiliates value customers and respect their privacy. This Privacy and Cookies Policy ("Policy") describes Weber-Stephen Products LLC’s and its applicable international subsidiaries (collectively, "Weber") collection, processing and use of customer, mobile application user, and website visitor information (collectively, "personal information" or "data") when you interact with or use Weber Customer Service, promotions, mobile applications and websites (collectively, "Applications").  By using our Applications, or by choosing to submit personal information to Weber, you signify your consent to all of the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Applications or submit any personal information to Weber.GeneralWeber wants you to have a positive user experience when you use the Applications. We also want you to be confident that your data is being handled securely and to give you a channel for initiation of privacy-related inquiries and requests.Data Privacy Rights and Inquiries
Certain locales have the ability to request information or to make inquiries from Weber regarding use of your data by visiting our data access ticket system.
The data access ticket system is operated by a reputable third party.
Only Weber representatives will respond to and address your inquiry, but the third party operating the system will collect information including IP address, information collected by cookies, log information, referring website, and information you provide in submitting your request to Weber, such as your first and last name, email, country and details of your request. You may also email privacy.americas@weberstephen.com (or your relevant email contact if listed in the country-specific provisions) for data access inquiries and requests.
Where required by applicable law, you have a right to request access to your personal information, to request a correction to it if you believe it is inaccurate, or exercise other rights to your personal information. If you have submitted personal information to Weber and would like to exercise such rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below. We may require you to verify your identity before we provide you with access to your information. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your requests; however, in some cases we may not be able to allow you to access certain personal information (for example if it contains personal information of other persons or for legal reasons). In such cases, we will provide you with a reasonable explanation of why it is not possible to grant access to your personal information.
Data securityWeber implements reasonable technical and organizational security measures, including physical, organizational and technological protection, (such as the use of SSL encryption for certain components of the Applications) to help protect accruing or collected personal information against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or attacks by unauthorized persons. Our security measures are continuously being improved as new technologies become available and following our regular review of our current data security, access and protection practices. Personal information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Although we have taken measures to help protect our Applications, computer systems and any personal information that we have collected from unauthorized use, access, disclosure, misuse, alteration or destruction, no security measures can provide absolute protection. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.Cross-Border Data TransferSome or all of the personal information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside your jurisdiction of residence, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live.
ChildrenWe note that the Applications are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children. If a child has provided us with personal information, his or her parent or guardian may contact us for the purpose of deleting this information. Weber will take the appropriate steps to delete this personal information.
Collection and Use of DataPart of providing an excellent user experience includes ensuring that the Applications work properly and that we are best able to provide you a positive experience.
In this Section we describe which data we collect while you are using the Applications. We also describe the purposes for which your data is used, including maintenance of your Weber ID Account, to provide consistent and uninterrupted support you need to confidently use our products (including necessary safety and maintenance information regarding our products), and to ensure trouble-free use of the Applications. Please note that data collected under this Policy is stored in the cloud for access by and across Applications for future uses, and may be combined with data from other Application sources or publicly available data for analytics and other purposes described in this Policy.Information Generally Collected and Used for the Applicationsi. Usage dataTo ensure trouble-free use of the Applications, we need to collect and process the following personal information:
General
CountryLanguageConsent, where applicable (eg: marketing opt-in).Mobile operating systemUnique device ID IP addressMobile App or web browser version Session data (time, temperature, type of meat)
Optional: Marketing data (opt-in, if selected by user)
E-mail addressNameThe aforementioned data may be used for identifying the respective user while he is using the Applications and for analytics purposes as described below.ii.
Location dataIn addition to collection of location data for analytics purposes and for support services as described below, for certain Mobile Applications a Bluetooth connection is required to connect to the applicable Weber device. Please note that under certain versions of e.g. Android OS, location data is also processed necessarily when Bluetooth is activated. For this the publisher of your operating system is controller.
If desired, you can deactivate the transfer of your location via the settings of your operating system.
iii.
AnalyticsThis Applications uses analytics tools, which collect and transmit anonymous data of the user’s behavior, such as location, smart device, mobile operation system, app usage information and device type (if applicable) for the purpose of analysis and improvement of the Applications. For certain mobile applications, you can deactivate collection of data for analytics purposes by turning off the Analytics switch.
You may also review your options regarding choice in analytics in the Cookies section below.We may also combine certain usage information from a particular Application, browser, computer or mobile device with another Application, browser, computer or device that may be linked to you (cross-device tracking) in order to optimize our services and provide tailored communications and advertisements to you. Regarding your consent to receive marketing communications, if you do not want us to combine such information for its tailoring of communications to you please unsubscribe from Weber communications as detailed below.iv. Services and Maintenance; Compliance.Weber may use your data and information (identifiable and non-identifiable) in order to ensure effective service and Application delivery, to improve the delivery of services and Applications to you, to ensure accuracy of data, or otherwise to perform maintenance or upgrades of Weber’s Applications, systems and services, including through use of reputable third party service providers.v.
Support
We need your name and e-mail address to process and assign your inquiries sent via our online contact form or over the phone.  The Customer Service (or other applicable department as relevant under the circumstances) of Weber-Stephen Products LLC,  is responsible for general contact inquiries.  Please note that while the Customer Service department is based in the United States, support requests may be handled by a reputable third party as needed (eg: in times of high call volume), which may or may not be located in the United States.
We may use your information to contact you or otherwise communicate with you as necessary in order to provide you with safety and maintenance information in relation to a customer service request you may have (or a product you registered), to provide information regarding product software and functionality updates, or in the unlikely event of a recall.Information Specific to Weber ID accountThe Weber ID features a central customer account where all your data is collected in one place in order to constantly improve your experience of the Weber world and to tailor it to your specific interests. You may create a Weber-ID Account free of charge within many of our Applications.Creation of a Weber ID account may be required in order to register your Weber product for warranty purposes or to opt-in to receive marketing emails, but you can always request deletion of personal information collected about you as described in this Policy.When you create a Weber-ID account, we may collect the following information:First NameLast NameEmail addressPasswordPhysical AddressOrders and cartSaved productsEmail list statusRegistered productsCustomer service/online consumer care claim informationIf provided by you:Date of birthChildrenHousehold sizeInterestsFavorite grill categoriesFavorite recipesThe Weber ID offers additional features as a centralized user account on the Applications.This will give you access to exclusive contents of the web page (recipes, tips and tricks, etc.), you can register your grill/grills, receive all important information (warranty periods, operating instructions, etc.) and have central access to all data and services Weber has to offer you. You can also easily log into our shop at any time to check your order status or place additional orders without having to register again.If you wish to delete information associated with your Weber ID, please contact us at privacy.americas@weberstephen.com or visit our data access ticket system.
Please note that certain information associated with your Weber ID may be retained by Weber for recordkeeping, service or warranty purposes.Information specific to Mobile ApplicationsTo use a Weber mobile application or to connect your phone or other device to the iGrill or other Weber connected devices via Bluetooth, it is not required to create a Weber ID account. However, many features of these applications are only available to registered users. Please find below some information on the data processes for both registered (Weber ID) and non-registered users.With regard to your use of Weber’s mobile applications, if you do not log in or create a Weber-ID, the mobile application creates a random anonymous identification (“Random ID”) which is transferred to the cloud, where the following data may be stored for the user under the Random ID:Target TemperaturePreset CategoryPreset Sub CategoryDonenessStart DateEnd DateSession Name/Consumer Login NameGraph Data (temperate point for each second of the session collected from Device)Product ModelDevice IDFirmware VersionProbe PlacementTimer InformationRecipes and “Favorites” Grocery ListGrilling guidesProduct Setup InformationProduct Registration InformationNotesWeber uses certain reputable tools to analyze, identify and report bugs and other errors in mobile Applications. Whenever an error occurs in a mobile Application, we receive technical data from the mobile Application, to analyze the cause of the error which enables us to further improve the mobile Application for all users.Information Specific to Websites.The specific scope and mode of collection and use of your data depends on whether you are just visiting our website (e.g. for viewing the products we offer) or whether you are actually using specific services (e.g. if you order products).
i. For Browsing the WebsiteIf you use the Weber website for browsing only, generally you are not required to provide any personal information (though certain aspects of the site may utilize such information if available). In this case (and apart from these other aspects of the site as described in this Policy), we collect and use those of your data which your Internet browser transmits to us automatically, such as:Date and time of the visit of any of our websitesType of your browserBrowser settingsThe operating system you useThe website last visited by youThe data volume transmitted and the access status (file transmitted, file not found etc.) andYour IP address.If you visit a Weber website for browsing only (and have not created a Weber-ID or otherwise provided Weber with more specific information), we collect and use this data in non-personal form. This is done to generally enable the use of the websites you visit as well as for statistical purposes and for improving our web presence and the services we provide there. ii.
Use of Specific Services / Shopping at a Weber Website / MarketingWe will collect personal information if you voluntarily disclose such data to us on the occasion of a purchase order process, when interacting with our customer service/online consumer care team through email, phone, or online live chats, for the purposes of receiving marketing communications, or when opening a customer account. Please note that your interactions with any of these methods may be recorded for quality assurance purposes.  We use the collected data to perform the services you request and send you related transaction communications, and provide you with relevant marketing to the extent we have obtained your consent to do so. Use of Data for Advertising PurposesWeber wants to make sure you are up to date and involved on our newest Innovations, including products, technologies and other offerings.
With this in mind, in this Section of the Policy, we discuss our use of your data for advertising and consumer insights and research purposes.GenerallyIn addition to performing services for you as part of the Applications, we are eager to provide an Internet and mobile presence that is specific to your interests and may provide certain marketing or advertising information to you as provided for in this Section.  In addition, if you opt in to participate within the Applications, device settings or through other channels, we will provide you from time to time with such news and information about Weber or the products we offer by mail, email (through our email list), Internet websites, text message, and push notifications that might be of interest to you (including through our analysis of your data, as detailed above). Please note that the operating system on your mobile device may default to activating push notifications.  The emails will be facilitated by a respected third party, in which case the email addresses of recipients of the Weber emails will be stored on servers of such provider. The provider uses this data to send and analyze the emails on behalf of Weber.  Examples of topics referenced in such emails include browsing/shopping related emails (which are not otherwise transaction-related), content specific to products you purchase or register, grilling tips and recipes, sales, offers and promotions, market research and feedback, and product suggestions/new product information.      Please note that with regard to push notifications, when you do activate them you thereby consent into us sending you these marketing related notifications. You can deactivate the service at any time in the Mobile App’s, or your mobile device’s, settings.
To the extent we have obtained your permission to do so and in accordance with applicable law, we may share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes, which are subject to the separate privacy policies of such third parties.
Weber may contact you from time to time through certain reputable third party firms for market research purposes, to the extent you have provided your consent for us to do so. Participation in any such activities by you is strictly voluntary and you can always opt-out of these communications, as further detailed below. To opt out: Regarding commercial communications you have opted in to receive, you can revoke your consent to receive such commercial communications at any time by clicking on the appropriate link contained in any such email communication. Your opt-out does not apply to communications relating to Applications information (including policy updates), Legal Notice, Weber-ID, purchases, customer service/online consumer care matters, or automatically generated non-commercial messages (confirmation emails, order receipts, etc.). To the extent you have provided consent to receive text messages or push notifications, you can opt-out of such messages by following the instructions in the communication, replying back, or visiting the settings on your mobile device. Social Media and Online PlatformsWhen you use the Applications, please note that we may share your hashed email addresses, as well as other pseudonymous identifiers and data about your use of the Applications and your device if applicable, with Facebook and other social media networks, as well as other online platforms and related reputable service providers, in order to utilize services which may include but are not limited to Facebook’s Custom Audience and pixel services. Otherwise, only after you have actively clicked the applicable link yourself, your Internet browser will establish a connection to the servers of the relevant social network; therefore, by clicking the appropriate button (e.g. “Like”), you give your consent to your Internet browser establishing a connection to the servers of the relevant social network and transmitting data relating to the use of the website to the relevant social network provider. Once engaged with the relevant social media website, your use and browsing will be governed by the data protection statements/privacy policies of the relevant providers.CookiesIn accordance with applicable law, we use, and allow certain third parties to use, various technologies to collect, store, and process information, including cookies, pixel tags, databases, and similar tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies") on our Applications. Cookies are small text files which our web server sends to your browser while you are visiting an Application; your browser stores the cookies on your device for subsequent retrieval. Use of these technologies helps us to provide you with a positive experience with relevant content that may be tailored to your interests.Session CookiesWe may use “session cookies” (also called temporary cookies), i.e. cookies which are stored for the time while you are using for certain aspects of using the Applications. The purpose of these cookies is to display online content within our mobile apps, or identify your device while you are using a Weber website, even while changing from one of our websites to another, and to determine the end of your visit to one of our Websites.The cookies are deleted as soon as you have closed your browser or mobile app session.Tracking and Targeting CookiesOn the Applications we also use tracking and targeting cookies that monitor the user’s behavior. For that purpose we use so-called First-Party cookies, which are not made available by your browser to other domains than the Website. These cookies are used for the following services:Page view/Page impression – this analyzes how often the website is visitedClickstream or Clickpath analysis – the movement of the user on the website is tracked (e.g. on which way did the user come to a certain product)Ad Impressions and Click Through – this analyzes how often an advertisement banner is shown and clickedMouse movement and Heatmaps – this analyzes the mouse movement of the user and tracks where a particular high occurrence took placeTo exercise choices with regard to certain cookies (e.g., disable, delete), you can review your Internet browser settings, typically under the "Help" or "Internet Options" sections. Please note that our Applications rely on some cookies to function properly. If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you might not be able to access or use important features or functions of the Applications, and you may be required to re-enter your login details.To learn more about the use of cookies for Google analytics and to exercise choice regarding such cookies, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.To learn more about certain cookies used for interest-based advertising, including through cross-device tracking, and to exercise choices regarding such cookies, please visit the following websites (or your device settings for mobile applications):Digital Advertising Alliance (https://optout.aboutads.info/)Network Advertising Initiative (https://optout.networkadvertising.org/)EU Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (https://www.youronlinechoices.eu)Digital Advertising Alliance-Canada (https://youradchoices.ca/choices/)Sharing Your InformationHere at Weber, we are experts at grilling but may need the assistance of third party service providers for tasks such as shipping, credit card processing, and cloud storage.
In this Section we describe the ways in which we share your information to provide you with a positive user experience and effective support.Subsidiaries and Affiliates.We may share the information you provide to us online with our global subsidiaries and affiliates but will not use your information other than as described in this Policy.Transaction-Related Service Providers.Your data for the relevant service may be disclosed to reputable service providers working with Weber on transaction-related services (eg: shipping companies and payment services providers, or Customer Service live chat, email or phone communication-related service providers).
These include but are not limited to Weber’s fraud detection provider, Forter.
Services provided by Forter are subject to Forter’s privacy policy at https://www.forter.com/privacy-policy/.Consumer Tools; Advertising.When you use an Application, you may have the ability to utilize certain tools operated by reputable third parties.
On our website, you may have access to utilize a third party tool that allows you to check local pricing and availability of our products via tools operated by reputable third parties.
This application may base information presented to you on your browser’s settings.
Otherwise you may manually type in your location information to use this application.
You may also have the opportunity to use certain tools and functions as part of your Weber product assembly or maintenance process which are operated by reputable third parties.
The third party operating these tools may collect information regarding your use of the tool, such as your internet service provider, IP address, date and time of access, pages accessed, information collected by cookies, web beacon information, limited location data and referring website.As described in the Advertising section of this Policy, Weber may provide your information to certain reputable third parties for purposes of advertising, including consumer emails, research and other advertising purposes described in this Policy.Compliance with Law/Investigations.We may also use, or disclose your personal information to third parties, if we have reason to believe that using or disclosing such information is necessary to: (i) conduct investigations of possible breaches of law; (ii) identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating an agreement they have with us; (iii) investigate security breaches or cooperate with government authorities pursuant to a legal matter; (iv) to protect our rights, safety or property; or (v) comply with and enforce our legal obligations and legal rights. Lastly, we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose to which you consent.Services.We disclose your personal information to external entities to perform security, maintenance, data storage, data processing, analytics, customer service and other services for us and in order to provide you the best support possible, which may be described in greater detail in this Policy. In such cases, we establish by contract that these entities may access your personal information only for the purposes of performing those services.
Also, we reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event that we merge with or are acquired by a third party or should any such transaction be proposed.Third Party WebsitesThe Applications may contain links to other third party websites, or feature tools and services that are operated by third parties as described in this Policy. These other websites and providers may have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions that are not governed by this Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any website(s) owned and operated by any such third parties. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently, so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each website you visit.
Any links from this Applications to other websites, or references to products, services or publications other than those of Weber, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by Weber.California Residents.Please see the PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS for additional information regarding rights you may have pursuant to applicable law.Nevada Residents.Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request via the data access ticket system. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements. Changes to This Policy.Please note that this Policy may be updated from time to time due to technical updates and appropriate implementation of new technologies and/or due to changes of the law. If we make any material changes to this Policy we will notify you prior to the change becoming effective, and obtain your consent to the changes when required by applicable law.Questions and Legal NoticeIf you have any questions or comments regarding this Policy, please send an email to privacy.americas@weberstephen.com or write to Weber-Stephen Products LLC, attn.: Privacy, 1415 S. Roselle Rd., Palatine, IL 60067, USA.Your use of the Site may be governed by other Weber policies, including the Legal Notice, which includes additional terms addressing your use of the Applications.
Please review the Legal Notice at https://help.weber.com/legal/Populated by Modal ContentPopulated by Modal ContentView Details