https://www.palomar.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.palpro.com and the private organization, Palomar Products, Inc. , owner of the domain name, www.palpro.com.
Palomar Privacy Documents
CCPA Privacy Notice
User Restrictions
Users are not allowed, without written permission, to copy and/or distribute any Palomar copyrighted materials from this World Wide Web (WWW) site. This Web site does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of Palomar or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
Warranty Disclaimer
This web site and all of the information it contains are provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied. All implied warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, are hereby expressly disclaimed.
Cookies
Palomar Products, Inc. utilizes cookies for some functions of its web site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most websites do this. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How to Control Cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware Palomar Products, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Third party website links are not endorsed in any way by Palomar. The content shared on these websites is not the responsibility of Palomar. We encourage our users when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of web sites that collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. While other web sites may establish links to our site, we disclaim any responsibility for any material linked to our site. Solely for the purpose of providing access to information of potential utility to users, links may appear on this site to allow direct access to such information. We do not monitor or review the content of such independently operated sites. Their inclusion is neither intended nor understood to constitute any implied or express approval or acceptance of the validity of the information contained in such independent sites and is not intended nor should it be understood by the user as an endorsement or recommendation of any of the information, products, or manufacturers identified in those independently operated sites.
Sharing
We will only share aggregated demographic information with our own officers, governors and management staff. This information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. Palomar does not sell any lists or contact information regarding our clients to any third parties. Certain information is being shared with the third party service provider who hosts our website and furnishes software used in the development and maintenance of the website and is necessary for the third party to provide these services. The third party is not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Under no circumstances will Palomar be liable to any person or business entity for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or other damages based on any use of this web site or any other web site to which this site is linked, including without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, or loss of programs or information, even if Palomar has been specifically advised of the possibility of such damages.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and off-line. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need to know the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Periodically, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and reminded about the importance we place on privacy and what they can do to ensure our client’s information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
This website uses cookies to insure you get the best experience on our website. ACCEPT RejectRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.