http://www.globalhealthinsurance.com/privacy-policy
Global Health InsurancePersonal Attention Delivered WorldwideHome
About Us
Client Services
Renewal Information
Claims
Update Client Information
FAQs
Glossary of Insurance Terms
Client Testimonials
Contact Us
Global Health Plans
Travel Medical
Group Travel Insurance
Trip Cancellation
Students
Visitors to the U.S.
Specialty Insurance
Missionary Insurance
Marine Crew Insurance
US Short-Term Medical
High Limit Accidental Death Plans
Frequent Traveler Insurance
Emergency Evacuation Insurance
International Term Life
International Property Insurance
International Student Pilot Insurance
Pilots Loss of License
Schengen Visa Insurance
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.globalhealthinsurance.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via 1-800-576-2674 or 719-573-9080
Sign Up for Newsletter
Sign up for our periodic newsletter for more travel tips, updates, and information on Global Health Insurance.com
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Quick Links
Domestic Life Insurance
Coronavirus
Global Health Plans
Travel Medical Insurance
Group Travel Medical Insurance
Trip Cancellation Insurance
Students & Study Abroad
Visitors to the US
Missionary Health Insurance
Marine Crew Insurance
High Limit Accidental Death Plans
Contact Us
1-800-576-2674
719-573-9080
1840 Deer Creek Rd. # 201
Monument, CO 80132
Mon – Friday » 8am – 4:30pm MST
Connect with Us
Travel News & Updates:
My IMG Portal
Antioch Pre-Certification
Antioch Global Wellness Benefits
Antioch Global Overseas Incentives
Antioch Global Pharmacy
Powered By
Return to top of page · Privacy Policy · SitemapCopyright © 2012-2020 · Global Health Insurance · Colorado Springs, ColoradoA division of Insurance Consultants InternationalWebsite Design by Zero Gravity Web Works