http://www.glresources.com/policies/
Global Learning Resources
Architects of Talent Management Strategies & Processes
Home
About Us
Kevin Wheeler
Contact Us
Clients
Client Services
Briefings, Keynotes, Workshops
Book Kevin
Consulting
Facilitation
Research & Custom Reports
Functional Practices
Recruitment & Staffing
Learning & Development
Corporate Universities
Leadership Development
Workforce Planning
Employee On-Boarding
Events
Book Kevin
Articles
Downloads
Videos
Keynotes & Workshops
Interviews
Blog
Blog Posts
ERE Articles
This jQuery slider was created with the free EasyRotator for WordPress plugin from DWUser.com.
OK
Policies
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
46330 Sentinel DrFremont, CA 94539USAinfo@glresources.com
About Us
Kevin Wheeler
Client Services
Briefings, Keynotes, Workshops
Book Kevin
Consulting
Facilitation
Research & Custom Reports
Functional Practices
Recruitment & Staffing
Learning & Development
Corporate Universities
Leadership Development
Workforce Planning
Employee On-Boarding
Book Kevin
Upcoming Events
Book Kevin
Blog Categories
Blog Posts
ERE Articles
Archives
Archives
Select Month
February 2013  (2)
August 2012  (2)
July 2012  (1)
May 2012  (1)
February 2012  (2)
January 2012  (2)
December 2011  (1)
November 2011  (2)
October 2011  (1)
September 2011  (2)
August 2011  (2)
July 2011  (2)
June 2011  (8)
May 2011  (6)
April 2011  (2)
March 2011  (5)
February 2011  (2)
January 2011  (4)
December 2010  (2)
November 2010  (3)
October 2010  (2)
September 2010  (1)
August 2010  (3)
July 2010  (2)
June 2010  (3)
May 2010  (3)
April 2010  (5)
March 2010  (6)
February 2010  (9)
January 2010  (6)
June 2009  (1)
What Others Are Saying
[display-frm-data id=1 filter=1]
What GLR Offers
Client Services
Consulting
Book Kevin
Search GLResources
Event Categories
Book Kevin
Upcoming Events
Home | About Us | Offerings | Site Map | PoliciesCopyright © Global Learning Resources, Inc 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Site designed by FossMG