http://www.aegisins.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Statement
Aegis Insurance Markets is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Aegis Insurance Markets site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Aegis Insurance Markets site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Aegis Insurance Markets collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Aegis Insurance Markets also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Aegis Insurance Markets. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Aegis Insurance Markets for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Aegis Insurance Markets site. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Aegis Insurance Markets public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Aegis Insurance Markets does not read any of your private online communications.
Aegis Insurance Markets encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Aegis Insurance Markets so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Aegis Insurance Markets is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Aegis Insurance Markets and Aegis Insurance Markets family of Web sites.
Use of Your Personal Information
Aegis Insurance Markets collects and uses your personal information to operate the Aegis Insurance Markets Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Aegis Insurance Markets also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Aegis Insurance Markets and its affiliates. Aegis Insurance Markets may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Aegis Insurance Markets does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Aegis Insurance Markets may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Aegis Insurance Markets may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Aegis Insurance Markets, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Aegis Insurance Markets does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Aegis Insurance Markets keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Aegis Insurance Markets, in order to determine what Aegis Insurance Markets services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Aegis Insurance Markets to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Aegis Insurance Markets Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Aegis Insurance Markets or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Aegis Insurance Markets; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Aegis Insurance Markets, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Aegis Insurance Markets Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Aegis Insurance Markets pages, or register with Aegis Insurance Markets site or services, a cookie helps Aegis Insurance Markets to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Aegis Insurance Markets Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Aegis Insurance Markets features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Aegis Insurance Markets services or Web sites you visit.
Security of Your Personal Information
Aegis Insurance Markets secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Aegis Insurance Markets secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Aegis Insurance Markets will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Aegis Insurance Markets encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Aegis Insurance Markets is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Aegis Insurance Markets welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Aegis Insurance Markets has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Aegis Insurance Markets. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Loading...Insurance Type
Get Quote
Newsletter Signup
Subscribe
Customer Service
Client Portal
Certificate Request Form
Request a Quote
Review Aegis
Refer a Friend
Our Company
Our Team
Testimonials
Contact Us
Blog
FAQ
40169 Truckee Airport Rd. Ste #203
Truckee, California 96161
Phone (800) 579-6369
Fax (530) 582-6007
License #0M14555
Products
Contractor Insurance
Contractor General LiabilityWorkers’ CompensationContractor License BondsContractor Surety BondsCommercial Auto InsuranceTools and EquipmentBuilders Risk
Adventure Sport Insurance
Board Shop InsuranceGuide & Outfitter InsuranceEvent & Festival InsuranceSki & Bike Shop Insurance
Business Insurance
Business Owners PolicyWorkers’ CompensationGeneral Liability InsuranceCommercial Auto InsuranceCommercial Property InsuranceProfessional LiabilityBusiness Health InsuranceIntellectual Property InsuranceCyber Liability InsuranceAviation InsuranceSpecialty ProgramsShort Term & Special Event Insurance
Personal Insurance
Auto InsuranceHomeowner's InsuranceRenters InsuranceVacation Rental Property InsuranceHealth InsurancePersonal UmbrellaMotorcycle InsuranceRV InsuranceFlood InsuranceCommercial Insurance
Life Insurance& Benefits
Term Life InsuranceWhole Life InsuranceUniversal Life InsuranceBusiness Life InsuranceSupplemental Health Benefits
Customer Service
Get Support
Certificate Request Form
Request a Quote
Give Us A Review
Our Company
About us
Our Team
Testimonials
Contact us
Blog
FAQ
Customer Service
Contact us
Blog