http://www.cherneind.com/privacy-terms-use
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy and Terms of Use
Privacy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
This Web Site (the "Web site") provides a variety of online services, from interactive forms to data access via its relationship with Oatey Co. (which, along with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is referred to as “we” or “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy).
We are committed to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of those using our services. Moreover, we see it as our responsibility to set examples and help establish the standards for privacy on the Internet.
Although we respect the privacy of all those who visit the Web site and use our online services, we do collect information from our Web site's members and visitors. This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the Web site, and your registration for and use of this site's online services. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and this Web Site's Terms of Service and/or other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information about this Web site's members and visitors without their permission.
Please note that we review these privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are therefore subject to change. We ask that you periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of this Web site's Privacy Policy. To contact us about privacy issues, to report a violation of this Web site's Privacy Policy, or to raise any other issue regarding the Web site, please e-mail us at info@oatey.com.
THE INFORMATION WE GATHER:
We gather two types of information about this Web site's users:
(1) Non-personally identifiable information:
When visitors come to the Web site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the Web site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us diagnose problems with our server, administer the Web site, identify the most popular areas of the Web site, and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements.
For the same purposes, we use "cookies"---that is, small text files placed on your computer's hard drive---to help us determine the type of content and sites to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of the Web site, and your usage of our services offered via the Web site. Cookies also tell us which advertising you have seen on the Web site.
(2) Personally identifiable information:
In certain areas of the Web site, such as online surveys and data forms, the Web site may require that you provide personally identifiable information (including, for example, zip code, age, income, and e-mail address).
Oatey Co., as host of the Web site, has access to this information. In addition, when registering to set up an account to use certain services of the Web site, we do require that you provide a valid e-mail address.
(3) How we use (and do not use) the information we gather:
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways we use the information that we gather. Keep in mind that, while we encourage all third parties involved---including advertisers---to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of this Web site's visitors and members, and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from us or independently.
Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with us who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please con info@oatey.com; we will be happy to forward your message to the third party.
(4) How we use (and do not use) non-personally identifiable information:
We use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of the Web site's members and visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Web site.
The Web site may contain links to other Internet web sites, including co-branded or other affiliated sites that may or may not be owned or operated by us. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, including such sites' use of any information (such as IP number, browser type, or operating system) collected when visitors to the web site click through links to those sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those sites.
(5) How we use (and do not use) personally identifiable information:
We provide notice to potential registrants of this Web site whose personally identifiable information will be collected during the registration process. Such notice is provided simultaneously with your registration with this website; moreover, this Privacy Policy itself serves as notice that such information is collected under those circumstances. If you "opt in" to receive promotional materials, we reserve the right to release any personally identifiable registration information regarding you to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you decide that you would like to discontinue receiving promotional information from such third parties, contact us at info@oatey.com, and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly honor your request.
We limit our own e-mail contact and solicitations to those customers who have "opted in" to receiving such communications. The solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the customer with a method of "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature.
We reserve the right to release any and all information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or member when that visitor or member is in violation of our Terms of Service or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such information in response to discovery requests, or in response to any circumstance which we, in our sole discretion, deem an emergency. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution.
SECURITY
All information gathered on the Web site is stored within a controlled database accessible only to us to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. However, as effective as any security measure implemented by us may be, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to us at info@oatey.com.
CHANGING/DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you would like to have your personally identifiable information changed or removed from our database, please contact us at info@oatey.com, and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however we reserve the right, from time to time, to recontact former customers or users of this Web site.
EUROPEAN GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION COMPLIANCE
Note that Oatey Co. is a US-based company.  To the extent that the European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is, or becomes, applicable to us, we will fully comply with it.  Your personal information may be disclosed to us through use of this website, or through email communication with us.  If you have concerns with our GDPR compliance, please contact us at info@oatey.com and we will promptly respond.
QUESTIONS?
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to us at info@oatey.com.
We use cookies to collect information about how you use our site, monitor site performance, and improve your experience.
By using our website you agree to these Terms of Use.
I agree
It appears that you're using an unsupported browser.
If you are currently using Internet Explorer we recommend you switch to Edge or another supported browser to enjoy the best experience Oatey.com has to offer.
Learn More
OK