http://www.dornbracht.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Section 1 Information about the
collection of personal data
(1) We have provided you information about the
collection of personal data on our website below. Personal data includes all
data that relates to you personally, i.e., your name, address, e-mail address
and usage behavior.
(2) The controller pursuant to Article 4(7) EU
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is:
Dornbracht AG & Co. KG
Köbbingser Mühle 6
58640 Iserlohn
info@dornbracht.de
(please see our Imprint)
You can contact our Data Protection
Officer by e-mail at dsb@dornbracht.de or by writing to our mailing
address, “attn. data protection officer.”
(3) Should you send us questions via the contact
form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact
information you provide, in order to answer your question and in the event of
any follow-up questions. We will not share this data without your consent.
The data entered in the contact form is
therefore processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a)
GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. An informal e-mail making
this request is sufficient. This does not affect the lawfulness of any data
processing done before we receive your withdrawal.
We will retain the data you provide on the
contact form until such time as you request its erasure, withdraw your consent
to its storage, or the purpose for its storage is no longer applicable (e.g.
after completely processing your inquiry). Any mandatory statutory provisions,
especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected.
(4) If you contact us by e-mail, phone or fax,
your request, including all associated personal data (name, inquiry), is stored
and processed by us for the purposes of processing your request. We will not
share this data without your consent.
This data is processed on the basis of Art.
6(1)(b) GDPR, provided your request is related to the performance of a contract
or is required to carry out any pre-contractual actions. In all other cases,
processing is based on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR) and/or our legitimate
interests (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR), as we have a legitimate interest in effectively
processing any requests addressed to us.
We will retain the data you provide in an
inquiry until such time as you request its erasure, withdraw your consent to
its storage, or the purpose for its storage is no longer applicable (e.g. after
completely resolving your matter). Any mandatory statutory provisions,
especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected.
(5) If you order brochures, press kits, etc.
(hereinafter referred to as “materials”), we will only collect and store
contact information required to process your order and forward them to
companies responsible for logistics and delivery of these materials. Mandatory
fields are denoted with “*” on the order form.
If you do not order materials from Germany,
data will either be forwarded by us to our local branch or to our sales
partners, who will send the materials to you by forwarding them to a logistics
provider in the respective country, or they will be sent by us as described
above.
If you do not reside in the European
Economic Area, we may transmit your personal data to countries that have not
been designated by the European Commission as providing adequate protection,
including the United States. In the case of these transfers, we will take the
necessary contractual steps to ensure that your personal data will receive an
adequate level of protection.
When businesses place orders for materials,
we may collect the name of the contact person at the respective company. The
preceding comments apply accordingly in such cases.
Data entered in connection with the ordering
process will be processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art.
6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. An informal e-mail
making this request is sufficient. This does not affect the lawfulness of any
data processing done before we receive your withdrawal.
(6) If you wish to apply to us, we have
provided the opportunity to do so using a form intended for this purpose. All
mandatory information requested must be provided in full, otherwise the
application process cannot be completed properly. Additional information is
available here.
The Legal basis for processing your personal
data in connection with the application process is primarily section 26 of the
Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). This law permits the processing of data
required in connection with a decision to establish an employment relationship.
Should the data continue to be necessary for legal purposes once the
application process is complete, it may be processed on the basis of Art. 6
GDPR, in particular in order to pursue legitimate interests in accordance with
Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our interest would then consist of asserting or defending
against legal claims. If you have provided your consent, your data is subject
to processing on the basis of Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. Your consent may be withdrawn
at any time. Your personal data will only be shared within our company with
persons who are involved in handling your application.
In the event of a rejection, applicant data
will be deleted six months from the end of the recruiting process. If you are
hired following the recruiting process, your data will be transferred from the
candidate application system to our human resources information system.
You may object to having this data stored if
you have legitimate interests that outweigh ours.
We use services provided by rexx systems
GmbH, Süderstrasse 75-79, 20097 Hamburg in connection with the job application
process. More
information about this provider is available at: www.rexx-systems.com. After you
have provided your consent to processing, data you have entered in the
application forms will be transmitted to service provider rexx systems GmbH and
stored on its server. Your data will be used exclusively for the
purpose described above and subject to compliance with the terms of the GDPR. Your data
will not be shared with third parties.
We have concluded a contract data processing agreement
with rexx systems GmbH.
(7) In the event that we use third-party service
providers in connection with specific functions of our website, or if we desire
to use your data for marketing purposes, we will inform you below in detail
about the respective processes. We also specify the defined criteria for the retention
period. We have carefully selected these service providers and they are obliged
to process data provided by us only within the scope of tasks assigned to them.
Section 2 Personal data collection
when visiting our website
(1) If you use the website solely for information
purposes, that is, if you do not register or otherwise provide us with
information, we only collect the personal data which your browser transmits to
our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data
which is technically necessary for us to display our website to you and to
guarantee stability and security (the legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR):
–
IP address
–
Date and time of access
–
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean
Time (GMT)
–
Contents of the request (specific page)
–
Access status/HTTP status code
–
The volume of data transferred in each
case
–
The referring website
–
Browser
–
Operating system and its interface
–
Language and version of browser
software.
(2) In addition to the aforementioned data, cookies
are stored on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small text
files which are stored on your hard disk in association with the browser you
are using and by which the party setting the cookie (in this case, us) receives
certain information. Cookies cannot run programs or place viruses on your
computer. The purpose of cookies is to make our website more user-friendly and
functional.
(3) Use of cookies:
a) This website uses the following types of
cookies, the scope and functionality of which are explained below:
–
Transient cookies (see b)
–
Persistent cookies (see c).
b) Transient
cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. This relates to session cookies in
particular. They store a
so-called session ID with which various requests from your browser can be
assigned to a common session. This
allows your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out
or close the browser.
c) Persistent
cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ
depending on the cookie. You can
delete the cookies at any time using your browser's security settings.
d) You can
configure your browser settings as desired and, for example, refuse to accept
third-party cookies or any cookies. Please note that you may then not be able to use all functions of this
website.
e) We also use cookies to identify you on subsequent
visits if you have an account with us. Otherwise you will have to log in again each time you visit our website.
Section 3 Special types of use for our website
(1) If you conclude contracts on our website for services or digital
content, it is necessary for the conclusion of the respective contract that you
provide us with personal data we need to process your order. Mandatory
information required to process your order is marked accordingly; any
additional information is voluntary. We will process the data you have provided
in order to process your order. We may share your payment data with our house
bank for such purposes. The relevant legal basis is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR.
(2) The
connection is encrypted using TLS technology in order to prevent unauthorized
access by third parties to your personal data, in particular to your financial
data.
Section 4 Newsletters
(1) Upon providing your consent, you may subscribe to our newsletter
which we use to inform you of current offerings that may be of interest to you.
Goods and services to be advertised are indicated in the consent form.
(2) We use the double opt-in procedure in connection with registration
for our newsletter. This means that after you have registered, we will send you
an e-mail to the e-mail address you provided, in which we will ask you to
confirm that you wish to receive the newsletter. If you do not confirm your
registration within 24 hours,
your information will be blocked and automatically deleted after one month. In
addition, we will store your IP address and the time of registration and
confirmation. The purpose of this process is to be able to verify your
registration and, if necessary, to clarify any potential misuse of your
personal data.
(3) The only mandatory information for sending the newsletter is your
e-mail address. Providing any
other specifically marked information is voluntary. This information is used to
address you personally. After your confirmation, we will save your
e-mail address for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. The applicable
legal basis is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
(4) You
can withdraw your consent to receiving our newsletter at any time by
unsubscribing to the newsletter. You can provide notice of such withdrawal by
sending by clicking on the link provided in every newsletter e-mail or by sending a message to the contact
information provided in the Imprint.
(5) We use the services of Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Marketing in
connection with sending our newsletter. This service is provided by the
Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. CleverReach is a service for the
organization and analysis of newsletter distribution. The data you provide (e.g. your
e-mail address) in order to subscribe to our newsletter will be stored on
servers maintained by Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Marketing in
Germany or the United States.
Newsletters we sent via Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Marketing contain a
so-called "web-beacon", i.e. a pixel-sized file that is retrieved
when opening the newsletter either from our server or that of our e-mail
delivery service provider should we use one. During this process, technical
information such as your browser and operating system, as well as your IP
address and the time of download, is collected. This information is used for making
technical improvements to the service, as technical data or target group data
can be analyzed according to their reading behavior, their download locations
(identifiable through IP addresses), or download times. Statistical data collection also
includes an analysis of when the newsletters are opened, and which links are
clicked on. For technical reasons,
this information can be assigned to individual newsletter recipients. However, it is neither our desire,
nor that of our distribution service provider - should we use one - to monitor
individual users. The
analysis of this data, is more importantly used to recognize patterns in the
reading behavior of our users, and to adapt content accordingly or send
different content according to the interests of our users. Additional information about data
analysis by Microsoft Dynamics 365 for
Marketing is available at: https://dynamics.microsoft.com/de-de/dynamics-365-deutschland/
Data is processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a)
GDPR). You can withdraw your consent at any time by canceling your newsletter
subscription. This does not affect the lawfulness of any data processing done
before you have withdrawn your consent.
If you do not wish Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Marketing to
analyze your use of our newsletter, you must cancel your subscription. We provide a link to do this in every
newsletter we send. In
addition, you can also directly unsubscribe from the newsletter on our website.
Data you provided when registering for the newsletter will be
used to distribute the newsletter until such time as you cancel your
subscription; Thereafter it will be deleted from our servers and those of Microsoft Dynamics 365 for
Marketing. This does not affect data
we have stored for other purposes (e.g., e-mail addresses for the members’
area).
You can find additional information about the privacy policies of
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for
Marketing at: https://www.microsoft.com/de-de/trustcenter/Privacy/GDPR.
We
have entered into an agreement with Microsoft for the outsourcing of our data
processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data
protection authorities when using Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Marketing.
Section 5 Google Analytics
(1) This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service. The service is operated by Google
Inc, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Terms of use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, Overview of data
protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, and the Privacy Policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Google Analytics uses “cookies.” Cookies are text files stored on
your computer that enable analysis of how you use our website. As a rule, the
information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The data
sent by us that is linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs are
automatically deleted after 14 months. Data for which the retention period has
expired is automatically deleted once a month.
The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the use of this
analysis tool are based on Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate
interest in analyzing user behavior in order to improve both its website and
its advertising. For
the exceptional cases in which personal data is transferred to the United
States, Google has committed to the EU-US Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
(2) We have activated the IP
anonymization feature on this website. Your IP address will be shortened by
Google within the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the
European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in
exceptional cases will the complete IP address be transferred to a Google
server in the United States and shortened there. Google will use this
information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of
the website, to compile reports on website activities for website operators,
and to provide additional services related to the use of the website and
the Internet. The IP address transferred by your browser in connection with
Google Analytics will not be associated with other data held by Google.
(3)   You
can prevent cookies from being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in
your browser; however, we wish to point out that by doing so, you may not be
able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from
collecting the data generated by the cookie that relates to your use of the
website (including your IP address) and prevent Google from processing such
data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the
following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
For more information on how to handle user data on Google
Analytics, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.
(4) We have entered into a contract with Google for the outsourcing of our data processing and
fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection
authorities when using Google Analytics.
Section 6 Crazy Egg
(1)This
web page uses Crazy Egg, a web analysis service operated by Crazy Egg, Inc.,
6220 E. Ridgeview Lane, La Mirada, CA, 90638, USA.
(2)Crazy
Egg uses “cookies”, i.e. text files stored on your computer that enable
analysis of how you use our website. The information generated by the cookie
about your usage will be transmitted to a Crazy Egg server in the United States
and stored there.
(3)You
may refuse the placement of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on
your browser.
You can also prevent Crazy Egg from collecting the data generated by the
cookie that relates to your use of the website (including your IP address) and
prevent Crazy Egg from processing such data by following the instructions
available under the following link: http://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out.
(4)More
detailed information about the collection, processing and use of data by Crazy
Egg is contained in its privacy
policy which may be accessed at the following link: http://www.crazyegg.com/privacy
Section 7 Integration of YouTube videos
(1) We have integrated YouTube videos into our website. These videos are
stored at http://www.YouTube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated and embedded in the
"Extended Privacy Mode", i.e. no data about you as a user is
transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. The data referred to in the following paragraph is not transmitted until
you play the videos. We have no influence over the
transmission of this data.
When
you visit this website, YouTube receives the information that you have accessed
the corresponding sub-page on our website. In addition, the data referred to in
Section 3 of this Privacy Policy is transferred. This is regardless of whether
YouTube has provided a user account through which you are logged in or even if
you do not have a user account. If you are also logged in to Google, your
information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish
to be associated with your profile when using YouTube, you must first log out
before clicking the button. YouTube stores your data as usage profiles and uses
your data for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or tailoring its
website to your needs. Such evaluation also takes place (even for users who are
not logged in) for the purposes of providing customized advertising and to
inform other social network users about activities on our website. You have the
right to object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must
contact YouTube to exercise this right.
For
more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by
YouTube, please refer to its privacy policy. There you will also find further
information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal
data in the United States and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
(2) We use YouTube in the interest of making our website more appealing.
This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Section 8 Integration of Vimeo
(1) In some
cases, we have integrated videos from Vimeo, Inc. 555 West 18th Street, New
York, New York 10011, USA into our website.
(2) Some of
our webpages contain videos from Vimeo. A connection to the Vimeo servers is
established when you access any of these pages. The plug-in then transmits
information about which of our pages you have visited to the Vimeo server.
Vimeo will assign this information to your personal user account if you are
logged in as a member of Vimeo. By clicking the start button of a video, this
information may also be assigned an existing user account. You can prevent the
information being assigned to your account by logging out of your Vimeo account
and deleting the corresponding Vimeo cookies before using our website.
(3) We use
the service on our website on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e.
interest in the analysis, optimization, and efficient operation of our
website). The applicable legal basis is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
(4) For
more information on Vimeo's data processing and privacy policy, please visit https://vimeo.com/privacy.
(5) Vimeo
also accesses the tracker Google Analytics via an iFrame in which the video is
accessed. This
is Vimeo's own tracking system to which we have no access. You can
stop tracking by Google Analytics by using the opt-out tools that Google offers
for some web browsers. Users can additionally prevent the collection
of data produced by the Google Analytics and associated with their website use
(including IP address), and its transmission and processing by Google, by
downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
Section 9 Use of Google Maps
(1) We use Google maps on this website. This allows us to display
interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use
the map function. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our
website appealing and to facilitate locating the places we specify on the
website. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art.
6(1)(f) GDPR.
(2) When you visit this website, Google receives the information that
you have accessed the corresponding subpage on our website. In addition, the
data referred to in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy is transmitted. This is
done regardless of whether you are logged into a Google account or not. If you
are also logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with
your account. If you do not wish this information to be associated with your
Google profile, you must log out of Google before clicking a button. Google
stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of
advertising, market research and/or tailoring its website to your needs. Such
evaluation also takes place (even for users who are not logged in) for the
purposes of providing customized advertising and to inform other social network
users about activities on our website. You have the right to object to the
creation of these user profiles; you must contact Google to exercise this
right.
(3) For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection
and its processing by the plug-in provider, please refer to the provider's
privacy policy. You
will also find further information there on your rights and settings options
for protecting your privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal
data in the United States and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield: https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Section
10 Use
of web fonts
(1) This website uses external fonts provided by
Google Fonts. Google Fonts is a service provided by Google Inc. (”Google”).
Google Fonts are integrated by accessing a server, typically a Google server in
the United States. This transmits information to the server as to which of our
website pages you have visited. Google stores the IP address of the visitor's
device from which the browser accesses the webpages.
(2) When you open a page, your
browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to
display texts and fonts correctly. Web fonts
are used in the interest of the uniform and attractive appearance of our
website.
(3) This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning
of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
(4) You can find additional information
in Google’s privacy policy, which you may access here: www.google.com/fonts#AboutPlace:about and www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Section 11 Use of Google AdWords Conversion and Remarketing
(1) We use the
Google Adwords service to call your attention to our attractive products with
the aid of advertising materials (so-called Google Adwords) on third-party
websites. We can determine how successful the individual advertising measures
are in relation to the data from the advertising campaigns. We are interested
in showing you advertisements which are of interest to you, in making our
website more attractive to you and in achieving the transparent calculation of
advertising costs.
(2) The advertising media is delivered by Google via so-called "Ad
Servers.” For this purpose, we use Ad Server cookies through which certain
parameters for measuring success can be measured, such as the display of
advertisements or user clicks. If you access our website via a Google ad,
Google Adwords will store a cookie on your PC. These cookies usually expire
after 30 days and are not used with the intention of personally identifying
you. The unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (frequency),
last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and opt-out information (a
mark that the user no longer wishes to be addressed) are usually stored as
analysis values for this cookie.
(3) These cookies enable Google to recognize your web browser. If a user
visits certain pages on an Adwords customer's website and the cookie stored on
their computer has not expired, both Google and the customer are able to
recognize that the user has clicked on the ad and has been redirected to the
relevant page. Each Adwords customer is assigned a different cookie. This means
that cookies cannot be tracked across Adwords customer websites. We do not
process any personal data ourselves as part of the advertising measures
referred to above. We only receive statistical evaluations from Google. We are
able to recognize which of the advertising measures are particularly effective
on the basis of these analyses. We do not receive any further data from the use
of advertising material; in particular, we cannot identify users on the basis
of this information.
(4) Your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the
Google server on the basis of the marketing tools in use. We have no influence
on the extent and further use of the data collected by Google through the use
of this tool and may thus only inform you on the basis of our knowledge: By
including AdWords Conversion, Google receives the information that you have
accessed the relevant part of our website or have clicked on an ad from us. If
you are registered with a Google service, Google can assign the associated the
visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google, or have
not logged in, it is possible for the provider to obtain and store your IP
address.
(5) You can prevent participation in this tracking process in various
ways: a) by setting your browser software accordingly, in particular by
suppressing third-party cookies so that you will not receive ads from
third-party providers; b) by deactivating cookies for conversion tracking, by
setting your browser to block cookies from the domain “www.googleadservices.com,”
https://www.google.de/settings/ads whereby this setting is
deleted when you delete your cookies; c) by deactivating the interest-based ads
from providers that are part of the “About Ads” self-regulation campaign via
the link http://www.aboutads.info/choices, whereby this setting is
deleted when you delete your cookies; d) by permanent deactivation in your
Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browsers under the link http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. Please note that in this case you may
not be able to make full use of all functions of this website.
(6) The legal basis for processing your data is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. For more information about data
protection at Google, see: http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy and https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html. Alternatively, you can visit the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website at http://www.networkadvertising.org. Google has submitted to the EU-US
Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
(7) In addition to Adwords Conversion, we also use the Google
Remarketing application. This is a process that we use should we like to
contact you again. After you visit our website, this application can display
our web advertisements for you while you continue surfing after you leave our
website. This is done using cookies stored in your browser which allow Google
to record and evaluate your usage behavior when you visit various websites.
This is how Google is able determine that previously visited to our website.
Google does not, according to its own statements, merge the data collected in
the context of re-marketing with your personal data which may be stored by
Google. In particular, Google states that re-marketing uses pseudonymization.
Section 12 Google reCAPTCHA
(1) We use
"Google reCAPTCHA" (hereinafter "reCAPTCHA") on our website.
This service is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, USA ("Google").
(2) reCAPTCHA is used to
check whether data entered on our website (such as on a contact form) has been
entered by a person or by an automated program. To do this, reCAPTCHA analyses
the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. This
analysis starts automatically as soon as the visitor accesses the website. To
perform this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP
address, how long the visitor has been on the website, or mouse movements made
by the user). The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to Google.
The reCAPTCHA analysis run completely in the background. Visitors to the
website are not informed that an analysis is being performed.
(3) As part of certification
under the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google guarantees that it will follow the EU's data protection regulations when
processing data in the United States.
(4) The applicable legal
basis is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest relates to the security of
our website and in preventing unwanted, automated access in the form of Spam,
etc.
(5) Further information
about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's Privacy Policy can be found at:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html.
Section 13 Use of Facebook pixel
(1) Our website measures conversions using visitor action pixels from
Facebook, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA
94304, USA (“Facebook”).
(2) These allow the behavior of site visitors to be tracked after they
click on a Facebook ad to reach the provider's website. This allows an analysis
of the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market
research purposes and their future optimization.
(3) The data collected is anonymous for us as operators of this website
and we cannot use it to identify any specific individual. However, the data is stored and
processed by Facebook so that association with the respective user profile is
possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes in
accordance with Facebook Data Usage Policy. This allows Facebook to display ads
both on Facebook and on third-party sites. Use of the data cannot be influenced
by us as the site operator.
(4) We use Facebook Pixel on the basis of Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. The website
operator has a legitimate interest in effective promotional activities,
including social media.
(5) Please see Facebook's Privacy Policy for more information on how you
can protect your privacy: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
(6) You can also deactivate the “Custom Audiences” re-marketing feature
in the Ads Settings section at https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen. To do so, you will first need to log
into Facebook.
If you do not
have a Facebook account, you can disable Facebook usage-based advertising on
the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance website: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/.
Section 14 Your rights
(1) You may assert the following rights concerning your personal data
when dealing with us:
-
Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you
have the right to free information
about your stored data, its origin and recipients and the purpose of data
processing at any time and, if applicable, a right to rectification, blocking or erasure
of your data. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our
Imprint if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
-
You have the right to restrict the processing of your
personal data. To make such a request, you can contact us at any time at the
address given in the Imprint. The right to restrict processing applies in the
following cases:
-
If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored with
us, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of your personal data; You
have the right to demand the restriction of processing for your personal data
while we verify its accuracy.
-
If your personal data was processed/is being processed
unlawfully, you can demand the restriction of data processing instead of
erasure.
-
If we no longer need
your personal data, but you need it for the establishment, exercise or defense
of legal claims, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing
of your personal data instead of erasure.
-
If you have asserted an
objection in accordance with Art. 21(1) GDPR, your interests must be weighed
against ours. As long as it is not yet clear whose interests predominate, you
have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data be
restricted.
-
Where processing has
been restricted, such personal data may, with the exception of storage, only be
processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of
legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal
person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or of
a Member State.
-
You have the right to have data which we process
automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract
provided to you or to a third party structured, commonly used and machine-readable
format (data portability). If you request the direct transfer of data to
another data controller, we will only do so the extent that is technically
feasible.
(2) You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection
supervisory authority concerning our processing of your personal data.
Section 15 Right to object
If data is processed on the basis of Art. 6(1)(e) or (f)
GDPR, you have the right at any time to object to the processing of your
personal data for reasons arising from your particular situation; this also
applies to profiling based on these provisions. The respective legal basis on
which processing is based can be found in this Privacy Policy. If you submit an
objection, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can
demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override
your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or
defense of legal claims (Objection pursuant to Art. 21(1) GDPR). Where your
personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to
object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purposes of
such marketing activities; this includes profiling in so far as it is related
to such direct marketing. If you object, your personal data will no longer be
used for direct marketing purposes (Objection pursuant to Art. 21(2) GDPR).
Section 16 Data security
We use the most common SSL
(Secure Socket Layer) method together with the highest level of encryption
supported by your browser. As a rule, this is 256-bit encryption. If your
browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we use 128-bit v3 technology instead.
You may determine whether any individual page of our website is encrypted by
looking for the closed key or lock symbol in the bottom status bar of your
browser.
We also use appropriate
technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against
accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction,
or unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously
improved to meet state-of-the-art requirements.
Section 17 Status and changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is
current and was last revised in February 2019.
It may be necessary to
change this Privacy Policy as a result of further enhancements to our website
and offerings, or due to changes in statutory or regulatory requirements. You
can access and print the current version of our Privacy Policy at any time by
visiting our website at http://www.dornbracht.com/privacy-policy
Back to Top