http://www.zincstudio.com/privacy-policy.php
Home
Contact
Services
Local Search Marketing
Mobile Marketing
Marketing Roadmap
On-Demand Marketing
Order Form
Site Map
Policies
Returns & Refunds Policy
Privacy Policy
Disclosure Policy
Terms of Use
Attract. Connect. Thrive.
Local Search Marketing
Services
&
Strategies for Professionals.
Privacy Policy.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of personal information:
This is the web site of Alta Publishing and Zinc Studio.
Our postal address is:
Box 190
Paradise, CA 95967
We can be reached via e-mail at
or
by telephone at 530-873-8041.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address
(where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors
to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our
bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us
via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat
areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit,
information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information
and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax
number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing
address).
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web
page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by
us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally
required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities
conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the
policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect
against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor
entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of
assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences,
record session information, such as items that consumers add to their
shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let
us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the
above telephone number, writing to us at the above address. You may also opt-out using the link embedded within each message.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our
site available to other reputable organizations whose products or
services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to
share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please
let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at
the above address, writing to us at the above address.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other
reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might
find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address
with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us
at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address,
writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive
periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services
or upcoming events.   If you do not wish to receive such mailings,
please let us know by calling us at the number provided above,
e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure
your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive
telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and
services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such
telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above
address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the
above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive
telephone contact from other reputable companies. You can, however,
have your name put on our do-not-share list by , sending us e-mail at
the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to
us at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your
name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new,
unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.  If
our information practices change at some time in the future we will
post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes
and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.  If you
are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back
at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes
other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us
at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing
to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction
information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and
types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information
(e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above
address, write to us at the above address, writing to us at the above
address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at
the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to
us at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Home - Web Marketing
1 - Web Marketing
2 - Keyword Content - Social Media Marketing - Top of Mind Awareness - Newsletter Best Practices - Paid Ads - Writing Ads -
Paid Ad Alternatives - Interviews & Tips - Affiliate Marketing - Guide to Painless Computing
415-894-5040
Alta Publishing
Online Marketing Strategists & Certified Local Search
Experts
Call us for a free consultation and custom Visibility Report. 415-894-5040.
Updated: March 05, 2014
© 2003 - 2014 Alta Publishing.
All rights reserved.