http://www.ecb.int/pub/research/legal-working-papers/html/index.en.html
Navigation Path:
Home›Research & Publications›Paper series› Legal working papers
Research & Publications
Economic research
ECB researchers
Research Bulletin
Research networks
Opportunities for researchers
Wim Duisenberg Fellowship
Regular Research Visitors
Lamfalussy Fellowship
Summer Research Graduate Programme
Student Research Traineeship Programme
Paper series
Working papers
Discussion papers
Occasional papers
Legal working papers
Statistics papers
Papers by authors
Conferences & seminars
Upcoming & call for papers
Past
Forum on Central Banking
Young economists' competition
Past events
Economic Bulletin
Articles
Focus
Monthly Bulletin
Annual Report
Annual accounts
Eurosystem balance sheet
Monetary policy operations
Special features
2016 - Distributed Ledger Technology
Convergence Report
Financial Stability
Financial Stability Review
Special features & boxes
Macroprudential Bulletin
Macroprudential Measures
Macroeconomic projections
Publications by activity
ECB
Monetary policy
Statistics
Payments & markets
Financial stability
International and European co-operation
Banknotes & coins
Legal
Publications by date
Legal working papers
In-depth studies for experts
Our Legal Working Paper Series (LWPS) disseminates legal research and doctrine on issues relevant to the tasks and functions of the ECB and the ESCB. Legal Working Papers (LWPs) constitute “work in progress”. They are published to stimulate discussion and
contribute to the development of community, monetary and financial law. They are addressed to experts, so readers should be
knowledgeable in the legal field.
Availability: ECB Legal Working Papers are available online only.
Disclaimer: Please keep in mind that the papers are published in the name of the author(s). Their views do not necessarily reflect those of the ECB.
Twitter
facebook
linkedin
Whatsapp
email
Our website uses cookies
We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies.
Learn more about how we use cookies
I understand and I accept the use of cookies
I do not accept the use of cookies
Thank you!
Thank you!
We have updated our privacy policy
We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies.
See what has changed in our privacy policy
I understand and I accept the use of cookies
I do not accept the use of cookies
Your cookie preference has expired
We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies.
Learn more about how we use cookies
I understand and I accept the use of cookies
I do not accept the use of cookies
This feature requires cookies.
Privacy statement