http://www.magnumswine.com/privacy.php
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for
any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of processing a transaction for the amount requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information
when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted
via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers
database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems,
and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, contact information) will not be
stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business,
or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies,
or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information
may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party
products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless,
we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected
through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact
us using the information below.
Magnum Swine Genetics Inc.
PO Box 1514
Fort Macleod, Alberta T0L 0Z0
Canada
sales@magnumswine.com
+1.403.553.4844