https://www.pce-automation.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Ellough Road, Beccles, Suffolk, NR34 7TEHomePrivacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICYThis privacy policy sets out how PCE Automation Ltd (hereinafter referred to as PCE) uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.PCE are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.PCE may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from the 10th May 2018.What we collect?We may collect the following information:Name and job titleContact information including email addressDemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsOther information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gather?We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.Improvement of our products and services.To periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information, which we think you may find interesting, using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you research purposes, to ascertain whether you were happy with the product or service we have provided to you. This may be via email or telephone.  We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.No personal information is collected or stored by the website.All financial transactions are managed by 3rd party platforms, such as Paypal, Ebay and Sage and any information we come into to contact with is securely stored and protected.We do not share customer information with any other person, or company.USE OF COOKIESWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesyou may have received an invitation from PCE to review your contact preferences.  There are 4 boxes available to choose from; News, Sales, Marketing or None.  Selecting ‘None’ shall totally ‘unsubscribe’ you from future communications.  Alternatively,  you may select the ‘Unsubscribe’ option from the email invitation.if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to, or emailing us at PCE Automation Ltd, Ellough Road, Beccles, Suffolk, NR34 7TE, or contact us via info@pce-automation.co.uk  We also have a contact form upon our website, where you can request we remove your details.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about us, or about third parties which we think you may find interesting, only if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 2018.   A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to PCE Automation Ltd, Ellough Road, Beccles, Suffolk, NR34 7TE, or contact us via info@pce-automation.co.ukIf you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.