http://www.gabrielsbilliards.com/privacy-policy
Gabriels Billiards - Professional Carom and Pool Tables
Home / Privacy Policy
Gabriels Billiards, established at Ter Stratenweg 29D – 2520 Ranst, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement.
Contact details:
Ter Stratenweg 29 D
2520 Ranst
+32 3 288 55 41
Personal data that we process
Gabriels Billiards processes your personal data because you use our services and / or because you provide them yourself. Below is an overview of the personal data we process:
– First and last name
– Address data
– Phone number
– E-mail address
– IP address
– Information about your activities on our website
– Data about your surfing behavior across various websites (eg because this company is part of an advertising network)
Special and / or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and / or service does not intend to collect data about website visitors who are younger than 16 years. Unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, we can not check if a visitor is older than 16. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without this consent, please contact us via info@loontjens.com and we will delete this information.
For what purpose and on what basis we process personal data
Gabriels Billiards processes your personal data for the following purposes:
– You can call or e-mail if necessary to carry out our services
– Give you the opportunity to create an account
– To deliver goods and services to you
– Gabriels Billiards analyzes your behavior on the website in order to improve the website and to tailor the range of products and services to your preferences.
– Gabriels Billiards also processes personal data if we are legally obliged to do so, such as information that we need for our tax return.
How long we store personal data
Gabriels Billiards does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to realize the purposes for which your data is collected.
Sharing personal data with third parties
Gabriels Billiards provides exclusively to third parties and only if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use
Gabriels Billiards uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. Gabriels Billiards uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to make the website work well and to optimize it. In addition, we place cookies that keep track of your browsing habits so that we can offer customized content and advertisements. On your first visit to our website we have already informed you about these cookies and asked permission for their placement. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it does not store cookies anymore. In addition, you can also delete all information previously saved via the settings of your browser.
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by Gabriels Billiards and you have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal information we have in your computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you. You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to info@loontjens.com. We respond as quickly as possible, but within four weeks, at your request. Gabriels Billiards would also like to point out that you have the opportunity to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority. This can be done via the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
How we protect personal data
Gabriels Billiards takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not secure or that there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service or via info@gabrielsbilliards.com
Meest recente berichten
The year of Gabriels – A look back at 2018
Milestone – 1000th Gabriels Rafale in Korea
Gabriels at the Eiffel Tower for Billliards 2024
Gabriels – official partner of ‘Billiards at Paris Olympics 2024’