http://www.bigassfans.com/terms-of-service/
COVID-19: Learn how we are protecting customers and employees
Home > Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Last Updated March 28, 2019
Overview
Big Ass Fans sells products and services globally. We operate using the brands Big Ass Fans, Big Ass Light and Haiku Home in most locations and have different legal entities conducting business around the world. This document defines the Terms and Conditions for our global operations.
In the event you would like to know which legal entity you are doing business with, view the list below.
Country: The United States of America and any other country not specified in this list
Our legal entity: Delta T, LLC
Governing law: Fayette County, Commonwealth of KY, United States of America
Courts with exclusive jurisdiction: Fayette County, Commonwealth of KY, United States of America
Country: Canada
Our legal entity: BAFCO Canada Company
Governing law: Canada
Courts with exclusive jurisdiction: Canada
Country: Singapore
Our legal entity: BAFCO Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Governing law: Singapore
Courts with exclusive jurisdiction: Singapore
Country: Australia
Our legal entity: Big Ass Fan Australia Pty. Ltd.
Governing law: Australia
Courts with exclusive jurisdiction: Australia
This website is operated by Delta T, LLC dba Big Ass Fans, Big Ass Light, Haiku Home and our various legal entities around the world. Throughout the site, the terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the entity doing business with your country. We offer this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
We provide: (1) public websites which include www.bigassfans.com, store.bigassfans.com and other websites (2) services accessible through the password protected mechanisms like our Customer Portal, (3) software that may be downloaded to your smartphone, tablet, or other device, including any of our Products, to access services via operating systems (“Mobile Apps”), and (4) multiple ecommerce systems, based on user account access. The term “Services” means the Site, Customer Portal, Mobile Apps, and e-commerce sites.
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the Services. Under these Terms, you are granted specific legal rights, and you may also have other additional legal rights, which vary by jurisdiction. The disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability under these Terms will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or other rights, so those provisions of these Terms may not apply to you.
By visiting our site, using our products, and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our sources. By accessing or using any part of the sources, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to our current sources shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to this webpage. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to services following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
General Conditions & Eligibility
Agreement and Eligibility. By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you acknowledge that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Acceptable Use. You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You must not transmit or in any other way use code of a destructive nature threatening the Service or its users. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us. The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
Right to Refusal. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
Content Security. You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information
Timeliness. We are not responsible if information made available on this or through a Service is not accurate, complete or current. The material in this Service is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or timelier sources of information. Any reliance on the material from this Service is at your own risk.
Historical Information. This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site or Service at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site or Service. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our Services.
Access to Services
Automatic Software Updates. BAF may develop patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications to improve the performance of the Services and/or the Product Software (“Updates”). These may be automatically installed without providing any additional notice or receiving any additional consent. You consent to this automatic update. If you do not want such Updates, your remedy is to terminate your Account and stop using the Services. If you do not terminate a previously created Account, your BAF account will receive Updates automatically. You acknowledge that you may be required to install Updates to use the Services and the Product and you agree to promptly install any Updates BAF provides. Your continued use of the Services and the Product is your agreement to these Terms with respect to the Services.
Interface to Third Party Products and Services.Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. You may be offered the opportunity to interface the Products and Services to one or more third party products and services, through and using the Services, for example through the Customer Portal. You decide whether and with which Third Party Products and Services you want to interface. Your explicit consent and authorization is required for this interface, and is revocable by you at any time. Once your consent is given for a particular Third Party Product and Service, you agree that BAF may exchange information and control data regarding you and your products, including your personal information, in order to enable the interface you have authorized. Once this information is shared with the Third Party Product or Service, its use will be governed by the third party's privacy policy and not by BAF's privacy documentation. BAF is not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. You should contact the Third Party with any complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products and services.
Optional Tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features within our Service (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
Security. BAF is concerned about the security of your personal information. BAF cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
Products, Services and Modifications
Pricing and Discontinuation. Prices for our Service are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Online Exclusivity. Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through an app or a website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
Limitations. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
Agreed Usage and Limitation of BAF Services
No Life-Safety or Critical Uses of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that the Products and Services, whether standing alone or when interfaced with third-party products or services are not certified for emergency response. BAF makes no warranty or representation that use of the Products or Services with any third-party product or service will affect or increase any level of safety. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, WHETHER STANDING ALONE OR INTERFACED WITH THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, ARE NOT A THIRD-PARTY MONITORED EMERGENCY NOTIFICATION SYSTEM. BAF WILL NOT DISPATCH EMERGENCY AUTHORITIES TO YOUR HOME IN THE EVENT OF AN EMERGENCY. In addition, the BAF Customer Service contacts cannot be considered a lifesaving solution for people at risk, and they are no substitute for emergency services. All life threatening and emergency events should be directed to the appropriate response services.
Energy Savings and other Benefits. Unless explicitly promising a “guarantee,” BAF does not guarantee or promise any specific level of energy savings or other monetary benefit from the use of the Products or Services or any feature of them. Actual energy savings and monetary benefits vary with factors beyond BAF’s control or knowledge. BAF may use the Services to provide you with information that is unique to you and your energy usage and suggests an opportunity to save money on energy bills if you adopt suggestions or features of the Services. We may do so to offer insight to your facility based on analysis and information about your service and usage. You acknowledge that these promotions are not a guarantee of actual savings, and you agree not to seek monetary or other remedies from BAF if your savings differ.
Billing and Account Information
Order Management. We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
Contact and Billing Information. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
Account Management and Personal Information. Your submission of personal information through any Service, App or website is governed by our Privacy Policy. The Service may generate a username (login) and you will be prompted to create a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any ot¬her breach of security. We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder. If you purchase Services, request any add-ons to a Service or buy a Service after you are logged in, then your login serves as the sole approval to purchase and a written signature is not required.
Big Ass Fans customers who have been approved for term credit and are invoiced for their orders may pay their invoice through one of our customary term credit payment methods of:
Check, money order, wire transfer or ACH payment.
Any such term credit approved customers who subsequently elect to pay their term invoice by credit card will also be charged a convenience fee for doing so.
The exact amount of the convenience fee will be communicated to the customer before the transaction is processed and the card is charged.
The Fee is calculated by multiplying the amount sought to be charged to the credit card by .03.
(Fee = .03 x Total Amount Paid).
If the customer elects not to pay the convenience fee, the customer may use one of the other payment channels alluded to above, free of charge.
User Comments, Feedback and Other Submissions
Content Ownership. If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
Content Management. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
Comment Content. You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
Errors, Inaccuracies and Omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
Prohibited Uses
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (l) to share any information, material, or content from the Service with anyone outside your company unless that entity has been approved by BAF. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
YOU MUST CONTACT BAF WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR OF THE DATE OF THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT OR FACTS GIVING RISE TO A DISPUTE, OR YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY CLAIM BASED UPON SUCH EVENT, FACTS, OR DISPUTE.
In no case shall Delta T, LLC dba Big Ass Fans, Big Ass Light, and Haiku Home, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Delta T, LLC dba Big Ass Fans, Big Ass Light, and Haiku Home and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
Termination
Effective Term. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
General
Governing Law.
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the county, state/province, and or country listed in the beginning of this Terms of Service.
Entire Agreement. The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
Contact Information. Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to:
Big Ass Fans Legal Department
2348 Innovation Drive
Lexington, KY 40511 USA
Or use our Contact Form: www.bigassfans.com/contact-us/
Alternatively, you can contact one of our local offices:
Canada: 6300 Northwest Dr, Unit 3, Mississauga ON, L4V 1J7 Canada
Singapore: 18 Tampines Industrial Crescent #06-07, Singapore, 528 605
Australia and New Zealand: 35 French St, Eagle Farm, Brisbane, QLD 4009 Australia
Online eCommerce Purchases
Accepted Credit Cards
Your card will be charged immediately upon order.
For your security, your billing name and address must match that on your credit card statement. If the information provided does not match, your order could be delayed. Big Ass Fans reserves the right to cancel any transaction that does not meet this criteria.
Financing
We have partnered with PayPal Credit to give individual end-users a simple way to make your purchase with no hidden fees.
PayPal terms of services apply.
We have partnered with CreditKey to offer B2B financing for online purchases.
CreditKey terms of services apply.
Other Available Payment Methods
Additional payment methods are accepted through our Big Ass Fans representatives, including EFT, checks and money orders. To learn more, please call 877-244-3267.
Tax
Big Ass Fans charges applicable state, local and county taxes on all transactions. When purchasing via ecommerce, your on-screen total will reflect the tax that will be charged at that time.
Tax Exempt Purchases
Claiming tax-exempt status? Please contact a Big Ass Fans representative at 877-244-3267 so we can verify the information we need to process the purchase.
Remember, Big Ass Fans wants you to be totally satisfied. If you have any questions at all, please contact us at 877-244-3267.
Copyright, Trademark, Patents, Disclaimer, and Fair Use Notices
The materials available through this website and other websites owned or provided by Delta T, LLC dba Big Ass Fans, Big Ass Light, and Haiku Home and the website(s) are referred to individually and collectively as the “Website”) are the property of Big Ass Fans and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not use, reproduce, download, store, post, broadcast, transmit, modify, sell or make available to the public content from the Website without the prior written approval of Big Ass Fans. We’re serious!
Copyright Notice
©, Big Ass Fans.
All rights reserved.
Trademark Notice
“Big Ass Fans”®, “Big Ass®,” “Fanny®,” “No Equal®,” “Haiku®,” “AirGo,” “Isis®,” “Essence®,” “BAFWorks®,” the “Fanny®” shield and related logos, all product related marks and logos, the Big Ass Solutions and Big Ass Fans names and logos, and all other trademarks are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and/or the trademarked property of Big Ass Solutions and may not be used without express written permission. The names of other companies, products and services contained within the Website may be the property of their respective owners.
Patent Protection Notice
All products, services, research, and technologies presented within the Website are protected by all applicable United States and International patents and patents pending. For virtual marking, see the section of our website titled “Patents” at “www.bigassfans.com/patents.”
Terms of Service
We use a comprehensive Terms of Service document to detail specific elements about how we manage data, usernames, and other information. All use of our services is controlled by our terms.
Linking to the Website and Content
Big Ass Fans is committed to providing world-class solutions, including uber-engineered, high-volume, low speed industrial and commercial fans, beautiful residential ceiling fans, industrial lights and solutions and related products and services to its customers.
To ensure that information regarding its products and services is communicated accurately to the public, Big Ass Fans asks that you adhere to the following linking guidelines:
Big Ass Fans does not object to hyperlinking to the homepage of the Website unless the hyperlinks dilute or tarnish any of our trademarks or goodwill.
We reserve the right to approve or deny any hyperlink in our sole and absolute discretion.
You may not use any of our logos or other proprietary graphics to link to the Website (or for any other purpose) without our prior written approval;
Big Ass Fans does not approve of inline linking or framing.
Do not import content from the Website or link to images on servers on which the Website is hosted for the purpose of placing the content or images on any other web pages or sites; and
Big Ass Fans does not approve of remote linking.
Do not hyperlink any Website to sites that contain infringing or illegal content that could make Big Ass Fans susceptible to criminal prosecution or civil litigation in the United States or in a foreign venue.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Big Ass Fans respects the intellectual property rights of others and is committed to complying with U.S. copyright laws, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”).
The DMCA provides recourse for owners of copyrighted material who believe their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed on the Internet or other communications networks.
Requesting Permission
To request formal permission to use, reproduce, download, store, post, broadcast, transmit, modify, sell or make available to the public content from the Website, please email your request to info@bigassfans.com.