http://www.dreammaker-remodel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We understand the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information. This page explains how we collect, share, and use the personal information that we collect. By accepting our Privacy Policy, you expressly authorize us to use and to share the information you provide and that we collect as provided in this policy.
Application of Privacy Policy; Website and Social Media
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for https://www.dreammaker-remodel.com, and information that we obtain through DreamMaker’s social media sites, such as FACEBOOK PINTEREST, TWITTER, HOUZZ and YOUTUBE (collectively, the “Website”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to social media features hosted by third parties (including FACEBOOK, TWITTER, HOUZZ, or YOUTUBE) or other third-party websites that may be linked to this Website. We neither control, nor are we responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our practice of linking to other websites does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices.
We do not control the tracking technologies of third-party websites or how information collected from these third party websites may be used. You acknowledge and agree a third-party’s use of information collected from you is governed by the privacy policy of that third party and your account setting for that service. If you have questions regarding an advertisement or other targeted content provided by these third parties, you should contact the responsible third-party provider directly.
How We Collect Personal Information
Several areas of this Website may ask for you to voluntarily submit to us your “Personal Information,” which may include your contact information (such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and ZIP code), the services in which you are interested, and any information you choose to provide in a comment box. Personal Information also may include information about commercial transactions, both free and paid, consummated via the Website, and information about you that is available on the Internet, such as through FACEBOOK, LINKEDIN, TWITTER and GOOGLE, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
You are free to explore the Website without voluntarily submitting to us any Personal Information, however, our web server uses an extended log file format which automatically captures information about a user’s computer hardware and software, including the following data: date and time of visit, referring address (location from which a visitor visits the Website), geographic location, type of Internet browser, internet service provider, operating system, length of visit and pages viewed, clickstream data, and visitor’s IP address (our log file does not capture a visitor’s email address), which we call “Navigational Information.” By visiting the Website, you authorize us to collect Navigational Information which, for purposes of this Privacy Policy, is included within the definition of Personal Information.
You also may be asked to voluntarily provide information through or about your mobile device, or may be asked or required to access to certain applications in your mobile device to use additional features through the Website including the ability to upload photos. We will ask your permission before accessing such information. We will not gather or use specific location information from your mobile device using Bluetooth or GPS technology without first obtaining your permission. If you choose to share your location, you may stop sharing your location information at any time using your mobile device settings, but this does not include your IP address.
You promise that all information you voluntarily submit to us (including but not limited to your contact information and reviews) will be accurate, current and truthful to the best of your knowledge. If you provide any information that is untrue, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to refuse any current or future use of our services (or any portion thereof) by you. You are responsible for all uses of the Website by persons to whom you intentionally or negligently allow access to your computer.
TO KNOWINGLY INPUT FALSE INFORMATION, INCLUDING A FRAUDULENT NAME, PHONE NUMBER, ADDRESS, OR E-MAIL ADDRESS IS A VERY SERIOUS MATTER THAT COULD RESULT IN SIGNIFICANT COSTS AND DAMAGES INCLUDING INVASION OF PRIVACY RIGHTS, AS WELL AS THE LOSS OF TIME, EFFORT AND EXPENSE RESPONDING TO AND PURSUING SUCH FALSE INFORMATION AND, FURTHER, COULD RESULT IN REGULATORY FINES AND PENALTIES. ACCORDINGLY, IF YOU KNOWINGLY INPUT FALSE INFORMATION IN A SERVICE REQUEST OR INQUIRY, INCLUDING SOME ONE ELSE’S NAME, E-MAIL ADDRESS, PHYSICAL ADDRESS OR PHONE NUMBER, OR A RANDOM OR MADE UP NAME, ADDRESS, E-MAIL OR PHONE NUMBER, YOU AGREE TO FULLY INDEMNIFY AND BE LIABLE TO US AND TO ANY PERSON WHO RELIES ON SUCH FALSE INFORMATION, FOR THE GREATER OF: (1) A MINIMUM AMOUNT OF $11,000 EACH AND FOR EACH OF THE ACTUAL PERSON(S) AFFECTED BY ANY OF THE IMPROPER, INCORRECT OR FRAUDULENT INFORMATION YOU ENTER (FOR EXAMPLE THE ACTUAL OWNER OF THE E-MAIL ADDRESS OR PHONE NUMBER, ETC.), PER IMPROPER SUBMISSION, PLUS ANY ATTORNEYS’ FEES COSTS AND EXPENSE RELATING THERETO, IF APPLICABLE, OR (2) THE ACTUAL DAMAGES, DIRECT, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL, AND ANY REGULATORY OR JUDICIAL FINES OR PENALTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM SUCH INTENTIONAL, MISLEADING, HARMFUL AND FRAUDULENT ACTIVITY, PLUS REASONABLE LEGAL FEES, COST AND EXPENSES RELATING THERETO, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.
Requesting Access or Corrections to your Personal Information or Deletion of your Personal Information
You may request access or corrections to any Personal Information that you have provided, or may request deletion of any Personal Information that you have provided, by sending an email to marketing@dreammakerbk.com. Notwithstanding your request, we have no obligation to change any Personal Information in way that we believe will cause the information to be incorrect, or to delete any Personal Information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement, or to delete any Navigational Information.
How We may Share Your Personal Information
We may share your Personal Information as follows:
With our service providers: We contract with companies who help with parts of our business operations, and/or provide services to visitors of the Website and customers. We may need to share your information with them to provide information or services to you. Examples of this include analyzing data or performing statistical analysis, supplementing the information you provide in order to provide you with better service, and providing customer service and support. We require that our service providers only use your Personal Information in connection with the services they perform for us and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies.
With service providers to our Advertisers: Our advertisers may contract with companies who handle data (such as advertisers’ customer lists) for them. These advertisers may use the Personal Information to provide you with marketing content that may be relevant to you.
With our affiliated companies: We may share information collected through the Website with our affiliated companies, which may use your information for their own marketing purposes in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With our franchisees: We may share information collected through the Website with our franchisees, who may be permitted to use your information for their own marketing purposes in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
In connection with user contributions: If you provide information through a comment box, our review page, or third a third-party service provider, any information you provide in connection with the comment or review may be published or displayed in certain areas of the Website. If you choose to submit comments or reviews, they are posted and transmitted at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of third parties or other Website visitors that may have access to these comments and reviews. We cannot and do not guarantee that your comments and reviews will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. If you delete comments or reviews from the Website, copies of such comments or reviews may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or may have been copied or stored by other third-parties or website visitors.
In connection with legal proceedings:When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example to comply with a binding order of a court, or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights or the legal rights of third parties; or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the rights of third parties, to protect your safety or the safety of others, to investigate fraud, or to comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
In connection with a sale of our business: If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, disposition, or otherwise, we may disclose your PII in connection with the sale.
We also share technical data that we collect about your browsing habits and your device (such as data relating to our cookies, tracking pixels and similar technologies) with other third parties in the digital advertising ecosystem. This enables them and us to better target ads to you. We also may disclose Personal Information for any purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information or otherwise with your consent, to the parties that you authorize.
We may also disclose aggregated, anonymized information to our Advertisers and other third parties.
How We may Use Your Personal Information
The information collected through this website helps us identify the type of website content our customers value most. In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use this information to market and improve the website and our services. We also use this information to send you email notifications about updates to the website. We also may use information provided by users to respond to customer inquiries and service requests. We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the website and we may use it alone or along with any provided Personal Information to create or target advertising and marketing communication tailored to your customer profile. This information is also used to provide general statistics regarding the use of the Website.
TCPA Consent
By providing us your contact information, you are asking to be contacted by us and by our franchisees by phone, fax, email, mail, text (SMS) messaging, or other reasonable means, at any of the contact numbers or addresses provided, even if you are listed on any federal, state, provincial or other applicable “Do Not Call” list, in order to respond to your requests and/or to provide information about services including, but not limited to, scheduling, confirming, or changing service appointments and customer surveys. You hereby consent to be contacted in such manner for such purposes. You also authorize us and our franchisees to call you concerning your service request, your service appointments, and any changes to your service appointments. These calls may be directed to the land-line or mobile phone number(s) you provided, and you understand that these calls may involve the use of automated phone technology (including autodialed and prerecorded messages). You agree that by completing a service request or inquiry, you agree to be contacted by us and/or a supplier or service provider in accordance with the terms of this paragraph.
By submitting a service request or inquiry you also agree that we and our affiliates and franchisees may send you informational and marketing text (SMS) messages as part of our normal business and marketing practices.  We and our affiliates and franchisees may view, store, access and disclose messages transmitted through our messaging platform.
Opting out from Receipt of Further Communications
We offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads you receive and how your data is used:
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads from us: You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon in the corner of the ads we serve. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.
You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads from us or other companies:You may use the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt out tool at https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, which will allow you to opt out of seeing targeted ads from us and from NAI approved member companies. You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services by visiting the DAA website at https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and Your Online Choices website at https://www.youronlinechoices.com/.
You can opt-out of receiving text (SMS) messages from us: At any time, by contacting us or by texting STOP from the mobile device that is receiving the messages. You acknowledge that by opting out of receiving text (SMS) messages from us and from our affiliates and franchisees, your ability to receive certain types of information may be eliminated or adversely affected.
Use and Removal of “Cookies”
A cookie is a series of data characters that, when programmed into a website, is placed by the web server into the browser’s application folder on your computer. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the website to “recognize” you as a unique individual and identify repeat visitors to the website. Cookies can also allow us to track and target the interests of users to enhance their experience on the website. Some features of the website may use locally stored objects or Flash cookies to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on the website. For example, to recognize your device when you return to the website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as browser cookies.
We use cookies to achieve two goals. The first is to provide us the capability to personalize information for certain segments of its customer base. Secondly, in some instances, cookies are used to allow us to associate individual customers with their information profiles. For example, through the use of cookies, the website can “remember” your user ID when you login to our website on your computer.
Cookies can be removed from your hard drive. Also, depending on what type of web browser and what browser version you are using, you may be able to change the properties on your cookie file so that cookies are not used or saved. Please check with your browser provider for more information on removing cookies.
Security Policy
We are dedicated to protecting user information and have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss or unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during the transmission of the information and after we receive it. We will retain your information for as long as we deem necessary to provide you service or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, maintaining security, and maintaining business records. We ask that you limit access to your computer and log out after using the website.
Unfortunately, security measures and the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted through the website. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk and we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy setting or security measure we provide.
Changes to the Privacy Policy:
The date the Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the bottom of this page. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion. All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective immediately and apply to use of the website and access to the content thereafter. When we make material changes to how we use Personal Information, we will post the new Privacy Policy with a notice that it has been updated and will provide you with notice as appropriate under the circumstances, for example, by email or text message to the primary email address and phone number specified in your account, or by displaying a prominent notice within the website the first time you use the website after we make the change. Your continued use of the website after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Therefore, please make sure you read any such notice carefully.
You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address and/or phone number for you and for periodically visiting the Privacy Policy to check for any changes. If you do not agree with the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, do not continue using the website. You may also terminate the Privacy Policy by contacting us using the contact information provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Children:
The website is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not use the website or provide any Personal Information to us. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. If you believe we may have any information about a child under 13, please contact us at marketing@dreammakerbk.com, so that we may delete the information.
California Users:
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents who use the website may request that we provide certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You can make such a request by e-mail to marketing@dreammakerbk.com.
International Users:
This website is intended for an audience within the United States. The servers that support this website and on which we store the information you provide to us through this website may be located in a country other than where you reside. The data protection laws of the United States may not provide as much protection as the data protection laws in force in the country in which you reside. However, we will process your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy no matter where our data is stored. If you are located in a country other than the United States, by using this website you consent to the transfer of your information to the United States.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the DreamMaker or this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the contact information provided below:
DreamMaker Bath & Kitchen
510 N Valley Mills Drive, Suite 304
Waco, TX 76710
marketing@dreammakerbk.com
Last updated on: August 24, 2019
Design Your Space With the Help of Our Experts.
First Name*Last Name*Email Address*
Phone*Zip Code*Services
Kitchen Remodeling
Bathroom Remodeling
Interior Remodeling
Safety & Mobility
Cabinet Refacing
General Contracting
Commercial Remodeling
How would you like to meet?Virtual Meeting via Webinar/FaceTimePrivate Meeting in Design Center