http://www.ripco.org/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Go to Mobile Online Banking
Go to Online Banking for Desktop Browsers
Important COVID-19 Update
Due to an increase in local COVID-19 cases, our branch lobbies are temporarily closed as a precautionary measure. >> Read More Here
What Does RIPCO Credit Union do with Your Personal Information?
Privacy Policy
rev. March 2013
An introduction to this privacy policy
Facts
What does Ripco Credit Union do with your information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and credit history
Account balances and transaction history
Payment history and credit card or other debt
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Ripco Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons why we share certain data, what data we share, and if you can limit our sharing
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Ripco Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' to market to you
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
To limit our sharing
Call Toll Free 1-877-365-4800Please note: If you are a new member, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
What to do if you have questions
Questions?
Call 715-365-4800 or 1-877-365-4800 (toll free)
What we do with your personal information, how we collect it, and why you can’t limit all sharing
What we do
How does Ripco Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Ripco Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or give us your contact information
Show your drivers' license or give employment information
Apply for a loan
We also collect your personal information from others such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions of terms in this privacy policy
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates can include our data processor CU*Answers, the related CUSO Xtend, and our credit card processor PSCU.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include insurance companies, direct marketing companies and credit card processing companies.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners can include insurance companies, direct marketing companies and credit card processing companies.
Other important information for this privacy policy
Other important information
To protect our members? privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell to other third parties the information we provide to them.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection
Ripco Credit Union recognizes its responsibility to protect the privacy of our youngest members.  Ripco Credit Union is committed to protecting our young members and other visitors as they visit our kids section of our website.  The following language appears on the Ripco Credit Union website on the “Kids Page”:
Ripco Credit Union respects the privacy of children. Ripco does not knowingly collect, maintain or use personal information from our website about children under age 13. We do not knowingly market to children, nor do we disclose any child’s personally identifiable information to any third party for marketing purposes. If a child whom we know to be under age 13 sends personal information to us online, we will only use that information to respond directly to that child, notify parents, or seek parental consent.
It is the intent of Ripco Credit Union to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Act (COPPA) that governs and protects the privacy of our youngest members.
If young members send us email with their personal information for any reason, we will respond to their email as appropriate and then promptly delete the child’s email address.
We will not sell, give, or share their personal information to/with any third party vendor or any other organization.  We will not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.
We will use the “one time contact” exception under the rule if we collect children’s online contact information, and only this information, to enter them into a contest, and then only contact such children once the contest ends to notify them if they have won or lost. At that point, we will delete the online contact information we have collected.
A description of parental rights:
Ripco Credit Union won’t require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity;
Parents can review their child’s personal information, direct us to delete it, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of their child’s information;
Parents may agree to the collection and use of their child’s information, but still not allow disclosure to third parties unless that’s part of the service (for example, social networking); and
Parents may exercise their rights by contacting the credit union in person, via phone, email or text.  This communication will be considered duly received and the request honored upon Ripco Credit Union’s confirmation of receipt of the request via the same medium as that used by the parent(s) to initiate the request.
Top
Some content requires Adobe Acrobat Reader to view.
Main Navigation Menu Toggle Button IconPlus sign iconMinus sign iconSearch iconFacebook iconNews iconLocation iconCalculator iconUser iconNavigation arrow icon
Plus sign iconMinus sign icon