https://www.training-hipaa.net/supremus-group-privacy-policy/
Supremus Group Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, or respond to a survey.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the ‘do we use cookies?’ section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions Your information whether public or private will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever without your consent other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request, place an order, or access your personal information.
These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information or SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. Third-party vendors who are used for credit card processing have their own safeguards in place to meet the PCI requirements.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post those changes on this page and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
This policy was last modified on 01/01/2019
Opt-In/Opt-Out
From time to time, Supremus Group collaborates with other organizations and companies to promote other programs that may be of interest to professionals. In such cases, Supremus Group does not provide these organizations with any mailing information or otherwise disclose any contact information but distributes the organization’s information on their behalf to those who have elected to receive such information. We will always obtain your prior permission before sending you marketing communications. If at any time you do not wish to receive marketing material every marketing e-mail will include an opt-out link at the bottom or you may notify Supremus Group 515-865-4591.
Contacting Us
You can contact us at:
Supremus Group LLC
4261 E University Dr, 30-164,
Prosper, TX 75078
Email – Bob@training-hipaa.net
Phone – 515-865-4591
Privacy Policy Customer Pledge
We pledge to you, our customer, that we have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with the following important privacy laws and initiatives: California Online Privacy Protection Act Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Privacy Alliance