http://www.hitachi-solutions.com/terms/
Site Navigation
Contents
Search
Global
Hitachi GroupProducts & Services
Hitachi GroupCorporate Information
Japanese
Sitemap
Contact Us
Products & Services
Sustainability
News
About Us
Contact Us
Home
>Website Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use
This website is operated by Hitachi Solutions, Ltd., its affiliates (hereafter "Hitachi Solutions"), or by an agent thereof. By using this website, you agree to the following Terms of Use. We reserve the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time. It is your responsibility to read the latest Terms of Use.
Portions of this website are operated by different organizations within Hitachi Solutions. This website also contains links to other websites operated by Hitachi Solutions. By using those portions of this website or other websites, you agree to the respective Terms of Use described therein.
Browsing Environment
Web Browser
We recommend that you use one of the following browsers to use this website:
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, or later
Mozilla Firefox 3.0, or later
Latest version of Safari
Font Size
This website has been designed so that you can change the font size from your browser, however we recommend that you use the settings as shown below.
This website may not appear properly if you use a setting other than described below.
Internet Explorer, we recommend using the Medium setting for text size.
In FireFox, we recommend using the Normal setting for text size.
In Safari, we recommend using the Standard setting for text size.
JavaScript
This website uses JavaScript. If you do not have JavaScript enabled in your browser, this website may not function or appear properly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings when using this website.
Cascading Style Sheets
Portions of this website are constructed using cascading style sheets (CSS). Please enable CSS in your browser settings to ensure that the pages appear properly in your browser.
Pop-Up Windows
Portions of this website may use pop-up windows. If you have set your browser to block pop-up windows, some pages may not appear properly. Please enable pop-up windows in your browser settings to use this website.
Copyright
Content in this website including text, diagrams, images and photographs that are indicated as belonging to the copyright of Hitachi Solutions, and which are not indicated as being prohibited for duplication, may be duplicated only in hard copy, if it is for use within your organization for non-commercial purposes.
With the exception of the above, this website does not grant any rights based on copyrights, patent rights, trademarks or other intellectual property. If separate Terms of Use are specified for content, or for links to such content, the specified Terms of Use shall apply.
Written Contents and Accuracy
Hitachi Solutions provides no guarantees concerning the written contents contained within this website, nor do we bear any responsibility for errors in the written contents of this website. We reserve the right to change the written contents of this website at any time and without prior notifaction.
International Markets for Products and Services
Information contained in this website pertains to products and services that are provided to the Japanese market, which may only be purchased and acquired by individuals residing in Japan.
If it is indicated that a product or service is supplied to certain countries, or for links to such content, the indicated information shall apply.
For inquiries about using our trademarks, contact us at
Inquiry Form
Export Control
If you intend to export technologies, programs or products that you purchased through this website (or provide them to a non-resident of Japan), you agree to comply with the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act and any other applicable legislation.
Publishing Date and Contents
If you intend to export technologies, programs or products that you purchased through this website (or provide them to a non-resident of Japan), you agree to comply with the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act and any other applicable legislation.
External Links
This website contains external links for your convenience. Websites for external links are not managed by Hitachi Solutions. We bear no responsibility for the content(s) of externally linked websites.
You are free to create links to the website of Hitachi Solutions, except in the following cases:
Linking from a page with illegal content, or a page which contributes to illegal activities or could contribute to illegal activities.
Linking from a page that could inflict damage on Hitachi Solutions. (E.g., A website containing content that undermines the credibility of or defames Hitachi Solutions,
its products or services.)
Linking from a page that uses frames
Linking from other websites that Hitachi Solutions deems to be inappropriate.
Please adhere to the following rules when displaying links to the website of Hitachi Solutions:
For banner links, use the Hitachi Solutions link banner shown below. Do not use other logos. For text links, you must display the link in one of the following manners:Hitachi SolutionsHitachi Solutions, Ltd.
Links should start with the following URL: http://www.hitachi-solutions.co.jp/
If linking to a specific page, please be aware that the link may become invalid due to changes in the configuration of this website or reconstruction of pages.
If Hitachi Solutions determines that damages have been inflicted on Hitachi Solutions or a third party as a result of links to this website, we reserve the right to prohibit links from the user and prohibit use of the Hitachi Solutions link banner.
Please adhere to the following rules when using the Hitachi Solutions link banner:
The Hitachi Solutions link banner may be downloaded and used from the link shown below.
Hitachi Solutions link banner
It is prohibited to modify the Hitachi Solutions link banner, edit or trim the logo in any way.
Use of the Hitachi Solutions link banner is restricted to links to our website. It is strictly forbidden to use the logo to link to any third party website.
Use of the Hitachi Solutions link banner is restricted to website use. The logo is may not be used for any other uses such as printed material or software.
Hitachi Solutions retains all rights to the Hitachi Solutions link banner.
If you have any questions, contact us at
Inquiry Form
Trademarks of Other Companies
Company names and product names are the trade names, trademarks and/or registered trademarks of the respective companies.
"TM" marks or "R" marks aren't always mentioned in content.
If specific trademarks are indicated for content, or for links to such content, the information as indicated shall apply.
Privacy Policy
Details regarding personal information can be found at the following link:
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
The JIS X8341-3 standard (published in June 2004) summarizes guidelines for Web content accessibility. Hitachi Solutions has adopted accessibility guidelines based on the JIS X8341-3 standard, while making it more accessible and incorporating elements that are our own.
The accessibility guidelines define requirements that are "must do" items, and recommendations for which we shall make every effort to be in compliance.Hitachi Solutions uses the accessibility guidelines to guide the planning, design, development, and operation of future Internet websites.
Special emphasis is placed on the following points:
Use appropriate alt attributes for images, and clearly specify the destination of links.
Choose vocabulary and expressions that are easy to understand.
If information that is conveyed using color, create it such that the information is understandable without using color.
Make it such that the text size can be modified from the browser.
Design and develop pages in consideration of the sequence used by the text-to-speech function of browsers.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to store information about how you use this website, so that we may provide you with and improve this service.
Inquiries about the Terms of Use for This Website
If you have any inquiries about the Terms of Use for this website, please contact us at
Inquiry Form
Disclaimer and copyrights
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© Hitachi Solutions, Ltd. 2010-2020. All rights reserved.