http://www.invrecovery.org/policy
HELP
HOME
ABOUT US
Member Benefits
CMIR Code of Ethics
Board Members/Officers/Staff
Committees
ASSET 2.0, The Investment Recovery Business Journal
Subscribe to ASSET 2.0
Issues of ASSET 2.0
Call to Serve
Contact Us
LEARNING CENTER
IR Learning Center – LMS
WEBINARS
Videos and Resources
Certified Manager of Investment Recovery-CMIR
Articles & News
Benchmarking Topics
Summary of Investment Recovery Benchmarks
Antitrust Checklist
CMIR Code of Ethics
Seven R’s of IR
ASSET 2.0
Issues of ASSET 2.0
Subscribe to ASSET 2.0
Advertise in ASSET 2.0
Articles & News
EVENTS
2021 Conference and Trade Show
WEBINARS
MEMBER RESOURCES
Member Login
IR Learning Center – LMS
Membership Directory
Service Directory Download
Articles & News
ASSET 2.0, The Investment Recovery Business Journal
Issues of ASSET 2.0
Subscribe to ASSET 2.0
Advertise in ASSET 2.0
Job Openings
Related Links
Conflict of Interest Policies
BE A MEMBER
Member Benefits
Member Application
Professional Development
Advertise in ASSET 2.0
Committees
Privacy StatementFrank Filippi2015-04-15T19:01:24+00:00
Investment Recovery Association Privacy Statement
Effective Date: July 1, 2009
The Investment Recovery Association is committed to safeguarding your privacy.
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Web site.
It is a firm policy of the Association to NEVER provide your personal data to anyone outside of the membership of the Association. Additionally, we have provided the ability for you to personally update your own information visible to others on the website, limiting the amount of information you would like to be made available to (or restricted from view) by others in the Association or people visiting this Web site. (For example, home and cell phone numbers, spouse names, etc.)
Privacy Policy
The InvRecovery.org website is owned and operated by the Investment Recovery Association. This policy describes the way that the Investment Recovery Association (“Association”, “we” or “us”) may collect and use your information.
The website content has three levels of permissions: pages that are available to the general public, pages available to registered users and a section that is restricted to our members, which we refer to as the “Members Only section” of the website. While this policy applies generally to all parts of the website, please note that there are sections of this policy that apply only to the registered users or Members Only sections.
How we collect information
The public section of the InvRecovery.org website is primarily an information website that tells you about our Association and services. You do not need to provide any personal information if you simply want to browse the public section of our website and learn about what we have to offer. We may record information that your web browser routinely shares with websites. This information may include your browser type, browser language, Internet Protocol address, software and hardware attributes, and the date and time of your visit. This information is collected on an anonymous basis, and we do not try to connect it with your personal information.
The Members Only and Registered Users sections of the website and content is only available to our members or registered users. In order to establish access to either section, we require your personal information. This will generally include your name, the company that you work for and your contact information. If you are setting up membership for your organization and wish to provide access to multiple employees, we will need contact information for each user. Each user will also have a profile that the user can edit.
Sometimes we will send an invitation to a non-member to visit our site and explore the registered user content on our site. If you receive such an invitation, you will need to register and provide your company name, address, email, and phone number. It will be up to you to decide whether you’d like to take advantage of this offer.
Use of Cookies
As is commonly done on websites, we may use cookies and similar technology to keep track of our registered users and members. A “cookie” is a small text file containing alphanumeric characters that is stored on your computer and uniquely identifies your browser. We may also use cookies in connection with web beacons to help us track how visitors navigate through our website. If you register to use the website, we will use a cookie to help us remember who you are.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, the “help” selection on your browser’s toolbar will likely tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser alert you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features on this website.
What We Do With the Information We Collect
We will generally use the anonymous information that we collect to monitor and analyze visitor activity and improve the features and operation of our website. When we ask for your personal information, it is so that we can communicate with you about our Association and its activities and to recruit new members. For example, if you want to learn more about becoming a member, you can complete an online form with your contact information, and we will provide that information to someone on our membership committee who will follow up with you about potential membership in our organization. We will not sell your information to any other organization.
If you provide us with your contact information, you may receive an e-mail or newsletter from us from time to time. If you no longer wish to receive our e-mail, each e-mail will include directions on how you can opt out of receiving future email. You may contact us at info@invrecovery.org if you wish to be removed from our postal mailing list.
One of the benefits of being a member is the ability to network with other investment recovery professionals. To facilitate networking, members are able to access profiles of other members. If you are a member, you have the ability to edit your profile and decide how much and what kind of information you want to share with others.
In order for us to operate our website, we may need to share information with our business partners. For example, we may use contractors to help provide on-line services to help us collect, analyze and evaluate our information, or to provide other support services for the website. If you use the Members Only website to pay Association dues, we will use the information that you submit to process your payment. This may require us to share information with third parties, such as your financial institution and the company that processes credit card transactions. Often, the information that we share with contractors will be aggregate data that is anonymous in nature. If our contractors have access to any individually identifiable information, it will be on terms that prohibit them from making any independent commercial use of the information or making it publicly available.
We may elect to disclose personal information without prior notice in response to law enforcement activity or other governmental request; to respond to subpoenas, court orders or administrative agency requests for information; to enforce our contract or property rights; to protect ourselves or others; or when required or otherwise permitted by law. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our site for illegal reasons.
How We Protect Your Data
We use commercially reasonable means to protect the integrity of our websites and the confidentiality of collected data. The Members Only section of our site uses a secure server. We also limit access to personal information about our visitors and members to employees, Association members and contractors who have a need to use the information. Individuals who violate these policies may be subject to discipline.
Protecting your information also requires you to do your part. If you are a member or registered user of the site, you must take steps to protect your access code and password. We will not be liable if you have not taken reasonable steps to protect this information.
Data Integrity and Retention
We use the information that we collect about you only for the purposes for which it is collected and consistent with this policy. If you provide us with contact information on the public section of our site, we normally keep this information for a reasonable time period while we determine whether you are interested in joining. Contact information added to a mailing list will remain on the list until you ask us to remove it. Information collected in connection with the Members Only section of our website will be retained as a record of our business activities.
If you have any questions or complaints about our practices, would like to request having your information removed from our database, or would like to opt out of receiving any future communications, please contact us at info@invrecovery.org.
Website Visitors Under Age 18
The InvRecovery.org website is intended to be used by members and potential members of the Investment Recovery Association. The site is available for anyone to view, but please do not submit any personal information if you are not 18 years of age or older.
Links to Other Websites
This site may contain links to other websites not affiliated with us. Also, you may have come to this website from a website that is not operated by us. We are not responsible for the operation of these other sites or the information that they collect from their visitors. If you’d like to know how another site collects and uses your information, please review its privacy policy.
Updates to this Policy
Our business and the laws that regulate us change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this policy. If we do change this policy, we will post the revised version on this site. If we propose to change our policy in a way that would permit us to make additional uses of information that we had previously collected about you, we will provide you with a meaningful way to opt out of those additional uses.
Your use of the site constitutes your acceptance of the privacy policy in effect at the time of your visit.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us or e-mail us at info@InvRecovery.org.
Copyright Protection. The entire contents of this web site are protected under copyright laws of the United States. No distribution of content on this site is allowed without written permission. ©2009 Investment Recovery Association, 638 W. 39th Street, Kansas City, MO 64111