http://www.relocationmoverservices.com/privacy-policy/
Skip To Main Content
Skip To Main Navigation
Skip to Secondary Navigation
Accessibility Information
Call 1-800-490-7356
Contact Us
Client Login
Register
About RMSOur ServicesOur CommitmentTechnology
Covid 19 Preparedness "Please view here".
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
By using this website, you consent to terms of Relocation Movers' Services Inc. Privacy policy and to the RMS processing of your personal information below.
Thank you for providing us with your name, company name address, e-mail address and contact information. We will use this information to help process customer registrations and orders. The personal information that you provide RMS may be stored, processed and used by RMS to provide information about our company and services.
RMS will hire other companies to provide limited services. RMS will only provide information to those companies needed to deliver the service and they are prohibited from using the information for any other purpose.
Relocation Mover Services Inc. will not sell, rent or in anyway intentionally disclose your personal information provided on our website unless required by law, regulation, warrant subpoena or court order.
If you would like to confirm the accuracy of the information we have collected from you please contact RMS at orders@relocationmoverservices.com
If you have questions about the use we are making of this information, you may contact:
Compliance officer
Relocation Mover Services Inc
P.O. Box 345
Southampton, PA 18966
800-490-7356
RMS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this website as soon as they go into effect. Please review the Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Finishing Touch
Finishing Touch is the ultimate move-in service for busy professional families and with a comprehensive menu of services to pick up right where the moving company left off and assures a smooth household transition. Our services are limited only by your imagination! Learn More…
RMS Online
Manage Orders & Quotes
Instant Order Updates
Instant Quotes with intelligent crating cap
Live Chat
Quick Search Dashboard
Learn More About RMS Online
Range of Services
All Appliances/Prep/Set Up
Antiques
Home Theatre
Flat Panel TV
Exercise/ Home Gym
Custom Crates
Handyman Services
Hot Tubs/Spas
Pool Tables
View All Services >
T: 800.490.7356
F: 215.957.1946
© 2020 Copyright RMS Relocation Mover's Services, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use