http://www.godrejinds.com/privacy.aspx
Know Us
Our Story
The Godrej Way
Board of Directors
Businesses
Godrej Agrovet
Godrej Chemicals
Godrej Consumer Products
Godrej Housing Finance
Godrej Properties
Careers
People Philosophy
Diversity
Meet Us
On Campus
Godrej LOUD
India Culture Lab
Join Us
Sustainability
Godrej Agrovet
Godrej Consumer Products
Godrej Properties
Volunteering
Godrej Trusts
Codes & Policies
Investors
Annual Reports
Financial Updates
Shareholder Information
Investor Information
Subsidiaries Accounts
Listing Compliance
Board Committees
Media
Godrej Agrovet
Godrej Consumer Products
Godrej Properties
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "the Privacy Policy") provided below is relating to use and protection of any personal information provided to the Godrej Industries Limited ("GIL" or "We" or "Us" with its grammatical variation) by you through GIL ("Website").
Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
By visiting the Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Website.
By mere use of the Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data collected by GIL in connection with the services and products we offer. GIL shall include any company directly or indirectly owned and/or controlled by GIL or have a business relationship with.
To have access to the Website, you may be required to provide personal information on our websites at different level. GIL respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used.
GIL encourage children below age of 18 years to use the Website only with the assistance and presence of your parents or guardians.
There are times when we may collect personal information from you such as name, emails, physical address and/or telephone number. In general, you can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website and in future you will be able to “opt out” of certain uses of the services available on the Website.
Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer’s connection to the internet, including your IP address, when you visit our site. Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our site to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.
From time to time, we may conduct online surveys or run a contest for promotional purposes, during which, we may ask users for contact information (like email addresses) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data to notify people if they win the contest. We will give you the option of opt out for not receiving any information from the Website.
When you request information through this site, we may need to know some personal information about you. When emailing us, or subscribing for free news or information we need your e-mail address, name and other limited personal identifiers, typically name, address and contact number. If you chose to purchase goods, products or services, we will usually require some additional limited financial details and other personal identifiers information to provide you with the same. If we require sensitive personal data then we will ensure that the collection and use is in strict accordance with the principles of data protection and data privacy of the applicable legislation set out below. We may appoint third party organisations to assist us in providing you with the goods, products and services, requested by you. In these circumstances, we will take steps to ensure that your personal information is held in strict accordance with our privacy policy and is only used for the purpose of fulfilling your request.
GIL websites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the GIL website. GIL does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from GIL’s. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. GIL’s Privacy Policy does not cover the personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with Godrej; that sharing is governed by that third-party company’s privacy policy.
GIL would takes all effective measures to protect your information in our database. Any information posted on discussion area becomes public information and is available to anyone with internet access.
Your personal information may also be retained so that we can continue to improve your experience with us and to ensure that you receive any loyalty rewards which are due to you.
GIL reserves the right to update, change, or modify this policy at any time. The Policy shall come into force from the date of such update, change or modification.
If you have any questions or concerns or require any clarifications with respect to this Privacy Policy or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please do so by calling us on Tel.: 91-22-2518 8010 / 8020 / 8030 or Fax via +91 - 22 - 25188040, or by post at the following address: Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli, Mumbai - 400079, India.