https://www.training-hipaa.net/blog/hipaa-training/online-hipaa-anytime-training/certified-hipaa-privacy-expert-chpe/
Certified HIPAA Privacy Expert (CHPE)
Certified HIPAA Privacy Expert (CHPE) is the HIPAA credentials which are focused on HIPAA privacy regulation and implementation of the privacy rule through policies, procedures and gap analysis. This certification is for the HIPAA privacy compliance team members who are seeking extensive & in-depth HIPAA training on privacy rule and next steps for HIPAA privacy compliance. There is NO prerequisite for taking this certification course; you can directly take this level without taking any other courses.
This credential is recommended but not limited to:
Healthcare provider & Payer privacy compliance employees
Privacy lawyers involved in health care
Compliance teams for HIPAA Privacy
HR Staff & manager
Privacy Auditors
Privacy Consultants
Clinical physicians and office managers
Head Nurse
Privacy Instructors
We do encourage individuals interested in this credential to give us a call so that we can offer necessary guidance on the most appropriate course for their career objectives.
We also recommend that if you are associated with the USA healthcare industry and have any of the following credentials, then consider taking this course as it will compliment your current credentials and will enhance your knowledge on how HIPAA affects your company.
CHPC: Certified in Healthcare Privacy Compliance
CHRC: Certified in Healthcare Research Compliance
CCS: Certified Coding Specialist
CDIP: Certified Documentation Improvement Practitioner
CMM: Certified Medical Manager
CPPM: Certified Physician Practice Manager
Send us an email if you want to recommend any other certifications.
To understand how you can use the CHSE logo and certificate to help grow in your career, visit this page of How to use HIPAA logo and certificate to your benefit.
CHPE Certificate Test:
You are tested after you complete the full online course. You need to pass the 39 questions test (3 questions per chapter, 5 minutes maximum per chapter to answer the questions) with 70% to receive the HIPAA certification of Certified HIPAA Privacy Expert (CHPE).
This test is for 1 hour 5 minutes. You get 5 minutes per chapter to answer three questions from each chapter. Once you start the test you cannot stop it. This is a time bound online test. You can take the test from anywhere and at any time. There is no need to schedule for the test. Once you start the test, you need to finish it in allotted time. If you need the timeline allotted per chapter then the test will stop right there.
Test Passing Grade
70%
Test Format
Multiple choice questions
Testing Center
Time bound online test can be taken from anywhere
Test Time
1 hour 5 minutes (5 minutes per chapter) (13 chapters)
Retest Cost
$150 for each attempt (Consider buying the unlimited exam option at the time of registration $150. This is available only when you register for the course. It cannot be bought later on)
Certificate Validity
3 Years
Once you pass your test you can print out your certification immediately but if you do fail you will have to pay $150 to retake CHPE test.
CHPE Practice Test:
CHPE Practice Test will help the student to practice on the test before proceeding for the final test. A student can re-take the practice test till they feel comfortable for the final exam. Find more about CHPE Practice Test
Retesting for CHPE test:
If you fail in the first attempt then you can take the second attempt without any waiting period.  You will be testing the sections in which you failed only. After you complete the exam, the grade will be calculated based on the total score of all exams chapters.
Certificate valid for 3 Years
Continuing Education Requirements After Getting Certified:
Once a year all students will have to go through one hour of update course which will include relevant regulation changes and other OCR/HHS activities on compliance and enforcement.
To maintain your certification, you will continue taking update courses when they are released. You will receive a new certificate when your certificate will expire if you have taken all required update courses. You will NOT be required to take any test if you have taken the update courses regularly.
Certificate for Continuing Education Credits:
Students can buy CE credits certificate for this course at the time of registration. You will receive 15 CE credits for this course through Approved Provider of California Board of Registered Nursing after completing the course.
Method of Training to get CHPE Certified
Training Options to pursue Certified HIPAA Privacy Expert (CHPE) certification Credential:
Online Anytime training – Certified HIPAA Privacy Expert (CHPE)
$648 per person (includes exam cost)
HIPAA Training – Instructor Led for HIPAA Privacy Training (level 1)
This training will prepare you for CHPE certification test $1500 per person (Does NOT include exam cost)
Online HIPAA Training with Instructor for Online HIPAA Privacy Training (level 1)
This training will prepare you for CHPE certification test $1800 per person (Does NOT include exam cost)
Sample of CHPE Certificate
“
”