https://www.treatt.com/legal/terms-of-use
Home
Legal
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Treatt Plc, its subsidiaries and associated companies (collectively "Treatt"), provide this website as a service to its customers, suppliers, agents and other interested parties and provide users with access to product information, documentation, product samples and online purchasing facilities. It is offered to you on the condition of acceptance, without modification, of these Terms of Use, which set forth the terms and conditions under which you may access and use this website.
You represent and warrant that you possess the legal right and authority to agree to these Terms of Use on your behalf or on behalf of your employer or some other entity on whose behalf you may use this website. These Terms of Use shall be binding upon you and your employer or such other entity as applicable and the terms "you" and "your", as used in these Terms of Use, refers to you individually and, if applicable, your employer or such other entity on whose behalf you may use this website.
Accessing this website constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to these Terms of Use. Each time you access the website, you are deemed to reaffirm your agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, without modification, you are not authorised to access or otherwise use this website. If you are an existing user and do not agree to these Terms of Use and wish to deregister, please contact admin@treatt.com.
The Privacy Policy and Cookies Statement apply to the collection of information through your use and access of this website. Treatt reserves the right to revise these Terms of Use at any time. The date of the latest revision will be displayed at the top of the Terms of Use. You will be solely responsible for reviewing the latest Terms of Use, which are accessible via the hyperlink within the website. Continued use of the website following a revision of these Terms of Use will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to the revised Terms of Use.
Registration
Access to certain areas of this website are only available to those who register with Treatt by completing the information required on the registration page and is limited to those users who are authorised to form legally binding contracts under applicable law on behalf of the businesses or organisations they represent.
Account Information and Security
You represent that all information provided to Treatt through the registration page or otherwise is accurate and that you are the individual identified in such information. In the event any such information changes after it is provided to Treatt, you agree to update your registration online the next time you access the website. You agree (a) to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password, and (b) that you are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your username. You further agree to (i) immediately notify Treatt of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, (ii) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session, and (iii) immediately notify Treatt of the identity of any user whose authority to access the website, on behalf of an employer or some other entity, has been withdrawn, to enable deactivation of their login. Without limiting any other provisions of these Terms of Use, Treatt will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these Terms of Use and you agree that Treatt will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your username, either with or without your knowledge. You agree not to use anyone else's username at any time.
Unauthorised Use of the Website
As a condition of your use of this website, you warrant that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use or which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair this website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through this website or modify, copy, distribute or sell any information or data obtained from this website unless expressly authorised by Treatt.
Where this website permits communication with other users or the public at large through bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums or other similar facilities you agree not to post, send and receive messages that are defamatory, obscene, abusive or otherwise inappropriate. Treatt reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine whether the content of a post or message is inappropriate and to remove it from the website.
Treatt reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate or suspend your access to, and/or use of, the website, or any portion thereof, at any time, with or without notice and for any reason.
Changes to Website
Treatt may modify, suspend, discontinue or restrict the use of all or any portion of the website at any time for any reason and without notice or liability. Without limiting the foregoing, Treatt reserves the right, with or without notice, to amend any of the services offered on the website including, but not limited to, access procedures, software commands, documentation, and/or other services.
Data Security
Certain portions of the website and data sent between the Treatt website servers and your computer is encrypted using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Disclaimer
Treatt does not guarantee the continuous uninterrupted or secure access to this website, and the operation of the website may be affected by numerous factors outside of Treatt's reasonable control. Any information downloaded or otherwise obtained from the website is at your own discretion and risk. You shall be solely responsible for any damage or loss of data that results from downloading or use of the information, howsoever arising. The information and data included in or available through the Treatt website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors and should not be relied upon as advice for any purpose. Any reliance on such information and data shall be at your own risk. Treatt makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, quality, security, suitability, timeliness or completeness of the information, data, products or other materials available through the website. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, data, products and services are provided "as is" without warranty or condition of any kind. Treatt hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied, oral or written, including without limitation any and all implied warranties or conditions of satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose.
Limitation of Liability
Except where prohibited by law, in no event shall Treatt be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of this website, with the delay or inability to use this website or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, data, products and services obtained through this website, or otherwise arising out of the use of this website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Treatt has been advised of the possibility of damages. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Treatt website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Treatt website.
Links to Third Party Sites
This website may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"), which may not be under the control of Treatt. Treatt is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, maintained by third parties, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Treatt is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Treatt of the site or any association with its operators. You acknowledge and agree that Treatt shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such Linked Sites. When you visit Linked Sites, you will no longer be protected by Treatt's privacy statement or security practices.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Treatt and its suppliers and content providers and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, partners, harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, demands, and fees and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees) asserted by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your breach of these Terms of Use (b) your access to, use of, or conduct on this website or use of the services provided (including, without limitation, any information, products, or other materials), and/or (c) the violation of any rights of another resulting from or relating to your use of this website or the services provided.
Copyright
All contents of the Treatt website are: © Copyright Treatt Plc 2013 and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
All contents included on this website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, and the compilation of all content are the property of Treatt or its content suppliers and are protected by United Kingdom and international copyright, authors rights and database right laws. You may not systematically extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the website without Treatt's express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of this website, without Treatt's express written consent. You also may not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of this website without Treatt's express written consent.
Trademarks
Treattarome, Citreatt, Truetaste, the Treatt Logos and other marks indicated on our website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Treatt, in the European Union and/or other jurisdictions. Treatt's graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names are the trademarks or trade dress of Treatt. Treatt's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Treatt's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Treatt. All other trademarks not owned by Treatt that appear on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with or connected to Treatt. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Information Provided to Treatt or Materials Posted on the Website
By providing information to Treatt upon registration or by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting material to the website you i) warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights therein, and ii) are granting Treatt and necessary sub-licensees permission to use your information and material in connection with the operation of the website and the services it provides.
General
To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed at all times by English Law and the English Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Treatt website. Use of the Treatt website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Treatt as a result of this agreement or use of the Treatt website. Treatt's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Treatt's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Treatt website or information provided to or gathered by Treatt with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Treatt with respect to this website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Treatt with respect to this website. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in legal or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Statement
T & C (Sales)
T & C (Purchase)
Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
GRI Standards Index
Statement of Investment Principles
This site uses cookies as described in our Cookies Statement. If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our site.Continue