http://www.gcomtech.com/ccp0-display/privacy.html
Phone: + 44 (203) 355-4971
Search:
Items In Cart: 0
|
Total: £0.00
Home
About Us
Products
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Your Account
Contact
Categories
Audio Surveillance Equipment
Listening Devices
Room Transmitters
Audio Bugs
Audio Transmitters
Body Wires
Spy Phones
GSM Bugs
Phone Surveillance
Cellular Monitoring
Customer Service
Audio Surveillance Equipment and Listening Devices
Legal Disclamer
Store Policies
Terms Of Use
About Gcom
Privacy Information
Listening Devices For Surveillance
Privacy Information
Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy details make reference to "we" , "us", "our",
and these are all references to the company that manages and operates this
website gcomtech.com and that company is GCOM Consultants.
We attest that we keep confidential all personal information you provide,
such as your name, address, e-mail address, occupation, and all other details
which you may furnish. Such information will not be shared with third parties,
but used simply to help us offer products and services in which you are
interested. We are aware of our responsibility to closely supervise the sale of
security and surveillance equipment.
Please read these terms and all of the information described carfully before
using this website, http://www.gcomtech.com. Using this website indicates that
you accept the terms stated and understand this information. Do not use this
website if you do not accept the terms stated
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information,
like their name and email address, and unique identifiers. We use customer
contact information from the registration form to send the user information
about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact
the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list. Users may
opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe. Unique
identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity and for use in our
record system.
We aim to protect the privacy of those who visit our website. The following
discloses our privacy practices with regard to information you (the reader
coming to the webpages on this site) encounter via any of our websites knowingly
or unknowingly.
1. Information we collect:(a) Personal Information
or "Personal Information" is considered as information that personally
identifies you. Personal Information that GCOM collects includes your name,
email address, mailing address and telephone number or cellular phone number.
You may provide Personal Information to us in order to apply for access to the
restricted sections of our websites, or when using certain features of our
websites.
Non Identifiable Information or "Non-Identifiable Information" is information
that cannot be associated with or traced back to a specific person. For example,
Non-Identifiable Information may include details about your visit to our
websites, your Internet Protocol address, the operating system you are using
while viewing our websites, the web browser software your systems is using, or
the domain from which you accessed the Internet. We may collect Non-Identifiable
Information from time to time in order to help our webmasters diagnose problems
and administer our websites.
(b) Cookies or "Cookies" are computer files that are transferred to your
computer hard drive. They are used to record your login information and may also
record the history of the different webpages you have traveled to. This helps
our webmasters to understand more about how users view the content on our
websites. You may prevent cookies from being enacted via your web browser but
this may limit your abilities in navigating our websites.
2. Affiliates, Partners, and AdvertisersOur websites
may contain links to other websites via our resource webpages, partner
companies, and alternate links. Any of the aforementioned links may take you to
other web sites that may or may not collect Personal Information about you. Our
Privacy Policy does not extend to the data collection practices of third parties
and we does not assume any responsibility or liability for the privacy
practices, policies or actions of third parties.
3. Disclosure and / or Use of Your Personal
InformationIn order to respond to your requests, customize our website
features, increase our services, update content, conducting transactions, keep
warranty and purchasing information up to date, and communicate important
announcements with you, we collect your personal information.
4. No Sharing Policy We do not share your Personal
Information with non-affiliated companies or websites except as may be required
by law. If we plan to disclose your Personal Information for any purpose other
than those stated, you may be contacted first in order to get your permission.
5. Disclosure and Use of Non-Identifiable
InformationWe use Non-Identifiable Information to evaluate how effective our
websites are regarding their content and the traffic they receive.
Non-Identifiable Information that accumulates in our databases or our
webmasters' databases is used to calculate statistical data of people visiting
our websites. The behavior of those that visit the sites is analyzed to
understand people's interest, disinterest, and this helps us improve overall
website design and performance. We may disclose collected demographic
information to third parties. However, your Personal Information will not be
disclosed; only Non-Identifiable Information may or may not be provided to
nonaffiliated third parties.
6. SecurityIn order to manage the confidentiality of
your Personal Information, we takes measures concerning Access. Access to your
information originates within the our webmaster and web design departments, and
stays there. Any information that is released from these departments reflects
the approval of release to our management and our marketing divisions.
7. Personal Information Access / UpdatesYou are
allowed to access, change, and update all of your Personal Information collected
by us. To help us keep current Personal Information, you are encouraged to
change inaccuracies and make updates as often as necessary. To access and change
your Personal Information, simply send an email to the contact details found at
the end of this Privacy Policy.
8. Opting OutShould you not want to receive updated
information from us, you may request that you be removed from our database of
information updates and efforts will be made to do such.
9. Updating this PolicyIn the event that we update
any of our policies, you may always refer to any of the our websites for current
policy practices.
10. Contacting us for Questions, Comments, or
ComplaintsIn the event that you have a question, comment, or complaint
regarding our Privacy Policy, you may contact us via email at: info at gcomtech
dot com.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. All data is protected using the
most advanced methods available. We do not store financial information like
credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this
site.
Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
mail list messages.
Send an email to us by
visiting the Contact Page.
Login
and choose to Manage Subscriptions.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
Send an email to us by
visiting the Contact Page.
42 Manchester Street London, United Kingdom W1U 7LW
Telephone: + 44 (203) 355-4971    Fax: info@gcomtech.com
© 2020 Communications Research. All rights reserved worldwide.
Images on our site may differ from actual products / systems.