http://www.ragdoll.co.uk/privacy-notice
Toggle navigation
About
Our Story
Our Shows
News
Opportunities
Contact
Ragdoll Foundation
Toggle navigation
works for children
About
Our Story
Our Shows
News
Opportunities
Contact
Ragdoll Foundation
Privacy Notice
Ragdoll Productions Limited
Privacy Notice as at 30th May 2018
1. General
This privacy notice applies to Ragdoll Productions Limited. It has been updated to reflect the 2018 General Data Protection Requirement (GDPR).
Ragdoll Productions Limited takes the privacy of your information seriously. This privacy policy is designed to tell you, the user of our services, how we will keep any information you entrust to us safely and securely.
2. Basis on which we use personal information
Personal information we hold about you will be collected and used either because:
• Use is necessary in pursuit of a ‘legitimate interest’, for example, an employment enquiry or request for information about Ragdoll Productions.
• Use is necessary in order for us to comply with our obligations under a contract between you and us.
• Use is necessary to ensure compliance with a legal obligation.
• For other purposes described in this notice, for example, charity request.
3. Ways in which we may collect your personal information
We may collect and process the following personal information about you:
• Your name, contact address, telephone numbers and email address which you provided;
• A record of any correspondence between you and us;
• Replies to any surveys or questionnaires that we may use for research purposes;
• Details of your visits to our website, the resources and pages that you access and any searches you make (see ‘cookies’ below);
• Any information we may require from you if you report a problem or complaint.
• Applications for job vacancies.
We only collect such information when you choose to supply it to us but please note there may be instances where we process your personal information which has been provided to us by a third party. For example, if you sign up to an event that we are hosting jointly with another organisation.
If we do obtain your personal information from a third party you are still able to exercise the rights contained within this notice.
You do not have to supply any personal information to us but our services may not be operable in practice without you providing personal information to us. For example, we require a contact name and email address in order to progress a job application.
4. Reasons why we process your personal information
We will use your information to:
• Respond to general enquiries about Ragdoll Productions Limited;
• Keep records for future reference in connection with employment opportunities;
• Process your registration at an event and contact you with information on that event;
• Assist in making general improvements to our services;
• Carry out and administer any obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us;
• Contact you, (except where you have asked us not to do this);
• Administer our service and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, information analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
• Enable us to implement systems and processes internally that allow us to administer the services we offer.
5. Information Retention
Our current information retention policy is to delete or destroy (to the extent we are able to) the personal information we hold about you in accordance with the following:
Category of personal informationLength of retention
General enquiries via email24 months from end of financial year in which correspondence was completed
Records relating to applications and examples of workFor 24 months from the end of the financial year in which the application was received
Records relating to Ragdoll Productions events you might have attended12 months from end of financial year in which the event took place
Records relevant to accounting or tax purposesFor 7 years from the end of the tax year to which the records relate
Signed contracts relating to employment or services7 years from the termination of the contract
For any category of personal information not specifically defined in this notice, and unless otherwise specified by applicable law, the required retention period for any personal information will be deemed to be up to seven years from the date of receipt by us of that information.
The retention periods stated in this notice can be prolonged or shortened as may be required (for example, in the event that legal proceedings apply to the information or if there is an on-going investigation into the information).
We review the personal information we are holding on a regular basis to ensure the information we are holding is still relevant to our business and is accurate. If we discover that certain information we are holding is no longer necessary or accurate, we will take reasonable steps to correct or delete this information.
If you wish to request that information we hold about you is amended or deleted, please refer to clause 8 below, which explains your privacy rights.
6. Sharing your information
We do not disclose any information you provide to any third parties other than as follows:
• Where we are hosting an event jointly with a third party and the sharing of some personal data is needed to provide this service to you;
• Where information such as email addresses is passed to a third party who provide a service such as a payment provider or for example, our pension providers / our insurance providers;
• Where we carry out research to gain an insight into the use of our services, the results of this research (but not your personal information itself) may be transferred to interested third parties;
• if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation (for example, if required to do so by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime);
• In order to enforce any terms and conditions or agreements for our services that may apply;
• To protect our rights, property and safety, or the rights, property and safety of our users or any other third parties. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
• When asked by you to provide an employer’s reference.
7. Security
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that appropriate technical and organisational measures are carried out in order to safeguard the information we collect from you and protect against unlawful access and accidental loss or damage.
We will ensure that our employees are aware of their privacy and information security obligations.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the employees of third parties working on our behalf are aware of their privacy and information security obligations.
This notice and our procedures for handling personal information will be reviewed as necessary.
8. Your privacy rights
You have a right to know about how we protect your personal information and we have outlined this in this policy. If you have any further queries please do not hesitate to contact us on the contact details set out below.
If you would like to update your personal information or let us know the personal information we hold is incorrect you may do so by contacting us on the details below.
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information. Unless we have reasonable grounds to refuse to delete your personal information, we will securely delete the personal information in question within one month. The personal information may continue to exist in certain backups, but we will take steps to ensure that it will not be accessible.
You have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you.
If you want to contact us for any of the reasons above please do by email to info@ragdoll.co.uk
We will endeavour to comply with such requests as soon as possible but in any event we will comply within one month of receipt (unless a longer period of time to respond is reasonable by virtue of the complexity or number of your requests).
If a breach is likely to result in a risk to your information rights and freedoms, we will notify you as soon as possible and we may also report it to the ICO.
9. Other websites
Our website may contain links and references to other websites. Please be aware that this notice does not apply to those websites.
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of sites that are not operated by us, even if you access them via the website and/or any other service that is operated by us. We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
In addition, if you came to our website via a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
10. Cookie Policy
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. If you do not want a cookie you can set your browser to deny it.
We use cookies from Google Analytics to understand how people find our websites, what content they view and how long they stay on the site. This is to enable us to improve functionality, navigation and content for our users. The list below explains the cookies we use and why.
• Utmz Tracks where the visitor came from e.g. search engine or referring page or keyword.
• Utma Tracks each users number of visits, first visit, last visit.
• Utmb and Utmc Track when a visit starts and ends.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
11. Accessibility
This website is designed with the aim of accessibility for all users. If you come across any pages or features which do not work correctly or view correctly, please let us know. Email: info@ragdoll.co.uk
Ragdoll Productions Limited does not guarantee that access to this website will be uninterrupted, that it will be free from viruses or that it cannot be tampered with by third parties. We have tried to ensure that all information we provide through this website is correct at the time we included it. We apologise for any errors. We do not guarantee the accuracy of these pages and any visitor using information contained in them does so entirely at their own risk. This website also contains links to other websites operated by third parties. Ragdoll Productions Limited does not accept any liability over the content of these third party sites and the existence of these links does not constitute an endorsement of such websites. Linking to these sites is at your own risk.
Any guidance provided on this site is not intended to replace professional advice and in case of doubt, please consult an appropriately qualified professional adviser. In no event will Ragdoll Productions be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to this website.
12. Contact us
If at any time you would like to contact us with your views about our privacy practices, or with any enquiry or complaint relating to your personal information or how it is handled, you can do so via the following email address info@ragdoll.co.uk
If we are unable to resolve any issues you may have or you would like to make a further complaint, you can contact the ICO by visiting http://www.ico.org.uk/ for further assistance.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Essential
Analytics
Privacy Notice
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Essential
Tools that enable essential services and functionality, including identity verification, service continuity and site security.
Opt out is not available.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Analytics
Tools that collect anonymous data about how visitors use our site and how it performs. We use this to improve our products, services and user experience.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Privacy Notice
More information about our Privacy Notice.
Enable All
Save Changes