http://www.burtonandburton.com/customer-service/help.aspx
Top
Click Here To Register or Login
Customer Service
Help/FAQs
Contact Us
Shipping Information
Returns
Request A Catalog
Custom Imprinting
See Our Catalogs
Tax Forms
Ballooniversity 2022
2020 Trade Shows
Monogram Form
Image Use Request Form
Español
Holiday List
Help/FAQs
We have compiled a list of frequently asked questions to assist you with online information.
If you have a question that you do not see answered here, please contact our Sales Representatives at 800-241-2094 between 8:30 am and 6:30 pm, M-F or 9:30 am and 2:30 pm on Saturdays (Eastern time). You may also e-mail  ecom@burtonandburton.com .
Do I have to own a business to purchase product from burton + BURTON®? No. burton + BURTON® has strictly been a business-to-business wholesale supplier for over 35 years but we are now open to consumer purchases. The pricing you see initially when browsing our site is for our consumer sales only. Businesses reselling our product may register and provide their State Sales and Use Tax Number (State and International requirements may vary) for our wholesale pricing.
How do I place an online order? burton + BURTON® has taken every precaution to make your online ordering process trouble-free and convenient.
You will find that the online ordering process is simple and suitable for you to use. The information below will give you assistance in getting started with your first online order.
Login for Existing Customers who already have a Username and Password All existing wholesale customers who have a Username and Password that have been setup for them already may login to the web site at any time. In order to view all product details, you must click on the login button, then type your Username and Password.
Login for Existing Customers who DO NOT have a Username and Password All existing customers who have not registered on the web site must Register a username and password by clicking on the Register link in the website header.  Once you complete the registration form, an email will be sent to burton + BURTON® to validate that you are an existing customer. Once we have validated you as an existing customer, you will receive a confirmation email within one business day after you submit your request. This email will confirm your username and password. You will now be ready to Login to your account and place online orders!
Login for NEW Customers If you are not currently set up as a customer, you must Register to become a new customer by clicking on the Register link in the website header. If you do not have a business, once you create your username and password you are all set and may continue shopping. For businesses applying for a wholesale account, you will need to provide additional business information such as your State Sales & Use Tax Number. We will use the information you provide in the Registration form to validate you as a new wholesale customer. This process normally takes as little as an hour and up to 1 business day during peak times. Once we have validated you as a new customer, you will receive a confirmation email notifying you of your Username and Password. You will now be ready to Login and place online orders with wholesale pricing. Alternately, if you wish to speak to a sales representative to assist you with your account set up, please feel free to call our toll free phone number, 800-241-2094.
How Do I know that I'm Logged In?
Once you are logged in, you should see, "welcome" followed by your name at the very top of the screen. If you have a wholesale account with us, once you log in you will see 'wholesale' appear directly below the blue burton + BURTON® logo in the top left corner of the screen.
What if I forgot my Account Password? At any time when you are asked for your Username and Password you have the option to click on Forgot your Password? to receive a password reminder.
How can I search for products on your web site? There are a couple of different ways you can access products on our web site. First you may search by product number or keyword. Second, you may navigate by using the product categories listed at the left.
Can I track my online order once it has shipped? After logging in with your username and password, click on My Orders at the top of the page. From there you will click on View Order Tracking Information to see the status of your recent orders. Otherwise, our Sales Representatives are available to track your order during the above listed hours. Please be prepared to give us your customer number and the date you placed your order. Our Sales Representatives will be able to give you information on where your package is and when it will arrive.
How do I know if you have received my online order?
After you submit an order, you will see a page that thanks you for the order and gives you the Web Order Number. Also, you will receive an email right away, confirming the order. If you ever have any doubts, feel free to contact us at 800-241-2094 or via live chat. We will be happy to assist you.
Can I add to an order after I have submitted it to you online?
Due to our rapid order turnaround, typically we are unable to add to orders that have already been submitted. Even orders sent at night go through an automated process to have them ready to pack when we get here in the morning. Please be certain to include everything you need before submitting.
What happens if I backorder products on your website? Do I pay for them when I order them?
You will not pay for any backordered merchandise until it ships. When a backordered product comes in-stock, we will call you. We prefer to speak with you before shipping in case you have something else to add to the order. Backorders will not be shipped without your approval.
How do I save an online order to finish later?
From your shopping cart, you have the option to add your order to a 'wishlist'. This will ensure your order gets saved in its entirety. From the cart, select the 'product' box in the heading of the order. This will select all of your items. Then, scroll to just below the last item on the order and select 'save to wishlist'. You will then have the option to name your wishlist for easy access later. Once you are ready to resume your order, open your wishlist and add the necessary items back into your cart.
Is there a minimum order requirement? Yes, for wholesale customers there is a $200 minimum opening order requirement and $75 minimum reorder. Reorders below $75 will incur a $5 service charge. We also have minimum order quantity requirements for Foil and Latex Balloons which are indicated below. For consumers, there is not a minimum order although you will still need to adhere to our set requirements as we do not break sets. For example, if a mug comes in a set of 6, you cannot only purchase one mug from us as you'll have to buy the 6. If you do not wish to buy the entire set, we encourage you to vist our Store Locator section to find a retailer in your area.
Foil Balloon minimum order requirements 18"-23" Balloons require a 6 per item number minimum and must be ordered in multiples of 6. (Some exceptions in 5)  24"-36" Balloons require a 3 per item number minimum, and must be ordered in multiples of 3. (Some exceptions) 2", 4", 5", 9", 12", 13", & 14" Air-fill Balloons-flat or preinflated require a 10 per item number minimum and must be ordered in multiples of 10.
Latex Balloon minimum order requirements 30" + 3' Giant Balloons require a 3 per item number minimum, and must be ordered in multiples of 3.
Foil Balloons 18" and larger sized foil balloons have self-sealing valves and do not require the use of a heat sealer.
The inks on foil balloons may run if they come in contact with water.
2-Sided denotes both sides of an 18" foil balloon have the same or complementary design. Foil balloons designated as 1-sided have silver or a solid color on the other side.
Packaged denotes 18" foil balloons are individually pre-packaged.
Measurements and Sizing Measurements for foil balloons listed under each product number are categories and should be used as a guide for the size. Due to variations in manufacturing processes, actual sizes may vary slightly.
Flat & Preinflated Balloons 2", 4", 5", 9", 12", 13", & 14" air-filled foil balloons ordered flat are not self-sealing and require the use of an electric air inflator and a heat sealer. Cups and sticks are sold separately.
2", 4", 5", 9", 12", 13", & 14" air-filled foil balloons ordered preinflated arrive air-filled with cups and sticks.
Do not put helium in non-valved foil balloons smaller than 18".
Do you Personalize Products?
Yes, please visit our custom imprints page for more information.
High Altitudes Certain foil balloons cannot float in a high altitude. If you are located at a high altitude, please consider the following:
Balloons that are 21" or larger are more likely to float in high altitudes than 18" balloons.
18" Balloons that have detailed designs use more inks, which may cause the balloons to be heavier and less likely to float in a high altitude. This is also true for all 2-sided, 18" designs.
18" round-shaped balloons generally float better than heart, star, or other shaped balloons.
Balloon weights and ribbons attached to balloons contribute to the floating ability.
Foil Balloon Volume Discounts Volume Discounts are determined by the total number of balloons ordered on each individual order, regardless of balloon size. This includes the total number of balloons ordered and not the amount ordered per product number. All "SALE" balloons and size categories are included as part of the cumulative total and apply toward the volume discount. 18" packaged assortments and 2"-14" air-filled balloons do not apply toward volume discounts.
If you order between 6-249 balloons, you will receive the first price listed on each balloon ordered.
If you order between 250-499 balloons, you will receive the second price listed on each balloon ordered.
If you order between 500-999 balloons, you will receive the third price listed on each balloon    ordered.
If you order 1,000 or more balloons, you will receive the fourth price listed on each balloon ordered.
The correct volume discount price of each balloon ordered is automatically calculated on your final invoice upon the total number of balloons on the order.
100 Discount Order 100 or more pieces of any single foil balloon style, in one size, and receive the lowest price listed.
Latex Discounts Latex discounts are determined by the total dollar amount of latex on each order. Latex orders totaling $250-$499 receive a 10% discount on the latex total and latex orders totaling $500 or more receive a 15% discount on the latex total. Party pack latex does not apply toward discount.
Mug Plush & Other Product Discounts Where applicable, case prices are listed under the regular price for mugs, plush, and other products.
Latex Balloon minimum order quantity requirements: 3' Giant Balloons require a 3 per item number minimum and must be ordered in multiples of 3.
I see the measurements of baskets but dont understand. How are your baskets measured: It can be confusing. Click here to see our best explanation of Basket Measurements.
How late can I place an order and have it shipped the same day? Orders can be placed up until noon E.T. Monday through Friday to ship the same day.
What are your shipping methods? We primarily ship all packages by ground via FedEx®.  We have alternate shipping methods and rush delivery service available. Please call 800-241-2094 to speak to a Sales Representative for more details.
Do you ship products outside the United States? Yes, we do offer shipment outside of the United States for wholesale customers. At the current time we do not offer shipping to international customers on the consumer level. Please speak to our International Sales Representatives at 866-438-2342 or 706-425-2626 ext. 2445 or 2883 for more details.
How can I pay for my order?
Wholesale Customers
C.O.D. Cashier's Check or Money Order If you wish to pay with a cashier's check or money order, please have the exact amount of the order drafted on the document upon delivery. Please remember that a personal check, a business or company check, or cash will not be accepted on orders coded C.O.D. - Cashier's Check or Money Order.
ALL C.O.D. ORDERS ARE SUBJECT TO THE CURRENT $14.50 PER BOX C.O.D. CHARGE
Credit Cards If you wish to pay with a credit card, please have the card number, the expiration date, the security code on the back of the card, the person's name imprinted on the card, and the billing address (street address and ZIP Code) for the card being used available at the beginning of the order.
INTERNATIONAL ORDERS
All international orders require prepayment. Please call 866-438-2342 or 706-425-2626 for more information regarding payment options for international orders. International orders are subject to next day processing and can encounter delays. Adjustments made to these orders, once processed, are subject to a $25 service charge.
Credit Cards (International) In order to enhance the convenience for our International Customers, we offer credit card payment options. Until a sufficient history of credit card orders is established, order size is limited to $1,000.00.
To qualify customers for credit card terms, we are required to gather some basic information. The following is the required information: -A front and back copy of the credit card. -A copy of the cardholder's identification. -A copy of the cardholder's billing address taken from the credit card statement. -A completed Credit Card Charge Authorization form.
Prepay (International) We can accept prepayment for orders in the form of Bank-to-Bank wire transfer, Money Order, or Cashier's Check. Payment by wire transfer will allow us to ship your order upon confirmation of the funds being transferred. If payment is made by Money Order or Cashier's Check, we must allow sufficient time for the funds to be collected before the merchandise can be shipped.
Consumer Sales
We only accept credit card payments (same cards as for wholesale customers) for consumer sales at the current time.
We reserve the right to limit payment terms, and to make changes to our policies as needed.
How do I apply for a Sales Tax Resale Number? You may apply for a Sales Tax Resale Number by contacting your state's Department of Revenue.
How do I request an Everyday Catalog and Seasonal Catalogs? Please call our Sales Representatives at 800-241-2094 to order either the Everyday Catalog or any Seasonal Catalogs available. You may also fill out a Catalog Request.
How can I learn more about decorating with Foil and Latex Balloons? We have an entire Education segment on our web site that can assist you with various decorating ideas.
Is this website secure? You may be new to ordering via the Internet and you may be concerned about Internet privacy. We give you our assurance that you have nothing to be concerned about when ordering from our web site.
Our web site has security measures in place to protect all information given to us. We have an SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) connection to the area that asks you to input information such as your name, credit card number, etc. For more details, please see our Security and Privacy Policy.
I have a general question, how do I contact you? You may contact us using one of the following options:
Telephone Numbers:
Wholesale Sales Call Toll Free:  800-241-2094 USA                            866-438-2342 Canada, Puerto Rico, USVI, + Guam Local phone:   706-548-1588 USA                            706-425-2626 All other countries
Fax Toll Free:  800-880-9759 USA, Canada, Puerto Rico, USVI, + Guam Local fax:        706-546-8482 USA                           706-549-5840 All other countries
Accounting/Billing Inquiries Toll Free:  800-898-3010
Customer Service
Toll Free:  800-972-7029
All Consumer Sales/Questions:
Toll Free:  800-221-2043
Mailing Address 325 Cleveland Road Bogart, Georgia 30622
Electronic Mail              Internet Orders & Questions: ecom@burtonandburton.com                                                     Sales: sales@burtonandburton.com                                Custom Imprints: imprints@burtonandburton.com                               Customer Service: balloons@burtonandburton.com                                           Webmaster: webmaster@burtonandburton.com
Let us customize your shopping experience!
Tell us a little about yourself.
Thanks! We’re happy you’re shopping with us today.
With over 15,000 products online, creating an account and a wish list is the best way to shop our site. And luckily creating an account is quick and easy. (1 step only - we promise!)
Let's Go!
Welcome! Want to save money on your shopping trip today?
Apply for a wholesale account and receive these great benefits:
* Access to Wholesale Pricing * 5% Off Your First OrderCreating a wholesale account is quick and easy. (3 steps only - we promise!)
Let's Go