http://www.bacgroup.com/privacy-policy
Language:
Svenska
English
Home
About us
Prequalification
Markets
Products
Technical
Catalogues
Contact
Privacy Policy
-- Pages in Privacy Policy --
BAC Corrosion Control Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms
of use  and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on
which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be
processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views
and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act),
the data controller is BAC Corrosion Control Limited of Stafford Park 11,
Telford, Shropshire, TF3 3AY, England.
Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site
www.bacgroup.com (our site). This includes information provided at the time of
registering to use our site, subscribing to our email services, posting material
or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you
report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access.
IP Addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available
your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration
and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data
about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any
individual.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website
and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies
we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a
destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed
by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or
processing.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your
data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables
you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data,
we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any
transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we
will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised
access.
Uses Made of the Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective
manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from
us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted
for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between
you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you
choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data,
to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of
interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means
(e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which
were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use
your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have
consented to this.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details
on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box
situated on the form on which we collect your data.
Disclosure of your Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which
means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as
defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we
may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such
business or assets.
If BAC Corrosion Control Limited or substantially all of its assets are
acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its
customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to
comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use  or our Trading Terms  and
other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of BAC Corrosion
Control Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information
with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and
credit risk reduction.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing
purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend
to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information
to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent
such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your
data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Stafford
Park 11, Telford, Shropshire, TF3 3AY, England or marketing@bacgroup.com.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of
our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any
of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy
policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these
policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to
these websites.
Access to Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right
of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be
subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the
information we hold about you.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on
this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed
and should be addressed to Stafford Park 11, Telford, Shropshire, TF3 3AY,
England or marketing@bacgroup.com.