http://www.writeresponse.com.au/about/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY | The Write Response
HOME
MAILING LISTS
WHY CHOOSE OUR LISTS?
AGENCIES / BROKERS
ABOUT
FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY
Mailing Lists
- Schools
- Child Care Centres
privacy policy
This policy outlines The Write Response’s approach to protecting the privacy of our customers, contributors and business contacts. The Write Response understands that privacy is important to you in your dealings with The Write Response.
1. What kinds of personal information does The Write Response hold and what is it used for?
1.1 Our Products and Services
The Write Response is one of Australia’s largest publishers of mailing lists and electronic directories for the marketing, publishing and professional and organisational markets. For the purpose of this policy, these are referred to as our products and services
1.2 The Information We Collect
The Write Response may collect personal information about its customers, contributors and business contacts in a variety of ways.
(a) Existing Customers
For customers who ask for our products and services, The Write Response will collect information about you such as your name, contact information (including your employer details and email address, if appropriate) and delivery address. This information is necessary in order to provide our customers with our products and services and to manage our customer relationships. At the time of collecting this information, The Write Response may also request information about you to assist The Write Response in identifying which of our current and future products and services may best suit your requirements.
(b) Potential Customers
Sometimes The Write Response identifies the contact details of potential customers through The Write Response’s own investigation, the purchase of lists or by other promotional means. This information is collected for the purpose of advising you about our products and services which are new or which may be of interest to you. If we do collect personal information about you in this way, we will provide you with the opportunity to control how that information is used. This is discussed further in this Policy at 2.2 below.
(c) Contributors and Business Contacts
If you are a contributor to a The Write Response publication or otherwise enter into business dealings with The Write Response, The Write Response will collect the personal information necessary to complete the relevant business transaction with you or to identify potential business dealings. This will include all personal information contained in all correspondence and agreement between you and The Write Response.
(d) Online Collection
For any existing or prospective customers or business contacts who deal with The Write Response online, The Write Response will, in addition to the information identified above, collect additional information as a result of your use of the website. This additional information may or may not identify you.
Information collected through The Write Response’s online presence will include information that you voluntarily provide. It may also include the type of your Internet browser, operating system, address of the referring site. your IP address and click stream information.
2. How Does The Write Response use personal information?
2.1 Order Fulfilment
For customers seeking our products and services, The Write Response uses the personal information collected to provide you with our products and services. This includes administering your account with us, customer service and providing any information that you have requested.
2.2 Information about our products and services
The Write Response uses personal information of both existing and potential customers to advise you about our products and services and promotions that we conduct from time to time.
Should you wish not to be contacted in the future you should contact us by phone, fax, email or in writing.
2.3 Statistics about website usage
The Write Response may use information, including that collected through our website, for statistical purposes to improve the range of our products and services.
3. Does The Write Response give your personal information to anyone else?
The Write Response may disclose personal information about existing and potential customers to third party contractors and service providers who help us operate our business or to provide you with our products and services. The Write Response requires these third parties and contractors to comply with the terms of this Policy. These third parties include those involved in the production of our goods and services, transport companies, and suppliers that facilitate the distribution of our marketing materials by mail fax or email
The Write Response does not sell, lend or rent our own customer list so your individual information will always remain within our database. The Write Response may, however, release your contact information to third party service providers after either verbal or written consultation with you. These third party services providers include mailing contactors, fax broadcast agencies and the like.
Otherwise, The Write Response may disclose information for legal reasons, for example disclosures may need to be made to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts or external advisers. The Write Response’s policy is to only make such disclosures in accordance with the Privacy Act.
4. We ensure information quality
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that customer data is processed promptly, accurately and completely and that corrections will be made as soon as possible.
5. Access and Correction
Under the Privacy Act, you have a right to seek access to information that The Write Response holds about you. You also have the right to ask us to correct information about you that is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
If you wish to exercise your right under the Privacy Act to seek access to the personal information that The Write Response holds about you, please contact The Write Response.
In the first instance, we will generally provide you with a summary of the information we hold about you. We will assume (unless you tell us otherwise) that your request relates to our current records about you. These current records will include personal information about you which is included in our databases and in paper files, and which may be used by The Write Response on a day-to-day basis.
To provide you with access to this personal information, The Write Response would ordinarily provide you with a printout of the relevant personal information from our databases, or with photocopies of records that are held only on paper flies. If personal information about you (for example, your name & address details) is duplicated across different databases, we will generally provide you with one printout of this information, rather than multiple printouts. Ordinarily, The Write Response will not charge you for the cost of providing this type of access to these records.
For legal and administrative reasons, The Write Response may also store records containing personal information in its archives. You may seek access to the records held by The Write Response that are not current records, but if you do so, we may charge you for the cost of providing access.
If you are of the view that personal information about you is not accurate, complete or up to date, please provide The Write Response’s with your request for correction (contact details are set out below). The Write Response’s policy is to consider any requests for correction in a timely way.
6. Is your personal information stored safely?
The Write Response takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of personal information held by it from such risks as loss or unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. The Write Response takes a range of technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps to protect all customer information, if personal information is held on paper files it is handled in a responsible manner in a secure office environment.
7. Contacting The Write Response
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or how we have handled personal information about you, please contact The Write Response:
Grahame Manns
Managing Director
The Write Response Pty Ltd
PO Box 1584
Crows Nest. NSW. 1585.
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time. This policy was last updated on 1 December 2018.
Copyright ©
2010-2019 The Write Response
- All Rights Reserved.
ABOUT US   |   FAQ   |   PRIVACY POLICY