http://www.guycarp.com/privacy-policy.html
Did you know that your browser is out of date?
For the best experience we recommend upgrading to the latest version of these supported browsers:
Chrome
Safari
Firefox
Internet Explorer
I wish to continue viewing on my unsupported browser
Home Privacy Policy
GUY CARPENTER PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy covers the information practices of www.guycarpenter.com (the “Site”) provided by Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC ("Guy Carpenter").
To notify you about our practices, we have developed this Privacy Policy, and personal information collected on or through this Site on our behalf will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By using this Site you consent to the use, storage and processing of your personal information and other information stored on this Site or submitted by you on or through this Site in accordance with this Privacy Policy as set out in detail below.
This Privacy Policy is subject to the Site’s Terms & Conditions (the “Terms”).
We use cookies on this Site. Cookies are pieces of information shared between your web browser and a website. For more information on how we use cookies, types of cookies that we use and how to opt out of cookies, please see the website navigational information and cookies sections below.
You have the right to access personal information held about you, and may do so by contacting us at our contact details on the Site or by contacting your local Guy Carpenter office. In accordance with the local applicable laws of your jurisdiction, any such access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the personal information that we hold about you.
Privacy Notice California Consumer Protection Act
Data Privacy Policy Mexico/Aviso de Privacidad México
Data Privacy Policy Colombia/Aviso de Privacidad Colombia
Colombia - Data Privacy Manual
Colombia - 2016 Financial Statements
Data Privacy Policy - Australia
Fair Processing Notice for EEA & UK Residents
Data Privacy Policy – Brazil / Política de Privacidade – Brasil
Collection, use and disclosure of personal information
The information gathered by Guy Carpenter from this Site falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our Site and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our Site.
(1) Information voluntarily provided by you
When using this Site, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs.  The personal information that we collect will depend on how you choose to use this Site.
(2) Where your make an online employment application
We may ask you for your name, e-mail address, country, telephone number, as well as information about your position and organization and such other information as is reasonably necessary. Any personal information that you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated on the Site or in this Privacy Policy, and in accordance with the 'Privacy Agreement' you will be requested to accept when making the online application.
(3) Tracking/Website Navigational Information
As you navigate the Site, we may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and web beacons (collectively “Website Navigational Information”). Website Navigational Information includes standard information from your web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Site (such as the web pages viewed and the links clicked).  We describe this Website Navigational Information in more detail below.
Website Navigational Information
Cookies
Like many companies, we may use cookies on this Site. Use of cookies enables a faster and easier experience for the user. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read data off your computer's hard drive.
There are different kinds of cookies with different functions:
(i) Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session. They are automatically deleted when the browser is closed.  They usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page. They do not collect any information from your computer.
(ii) Persistent cookies - a persistent cookie is one stored as a file on your computer, and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again.
(iii) First-party cookies: the function of this type of cookie is to retain your preferences for a particular website. They are stored and sent between the server and your computer’s hard drive. They are not used for anything other than for personalization as set by you.
We never use third-party or unsatisfactory cookies on our Sites, although we do use third party provided web beacons (please see the section on Web Beacons).
For information on all of these categories of cookies, and for more information generally on cookies please refer to aboutcookies.org. We may use cookies for the following purposes:
Where strictly necessary
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site. Without these cookies, services you have requested cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
Performance
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a Site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.  They also allow us to record and count the number of visitors to the Site, all of which enables us to see how visitors use the Site in order to improve the way that our Site works.  These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor, as all information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how our Site works.
Functionality
These cookies allow our Site to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced features. For instance, a Site may be able to remember your log in details, so that you do not have to repeatedly sign in to your account when using a particular device to access our Site. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, font and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on an article. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymized. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remember where you have been on the internet.
Please consult your web browser's 'Help' documentation or visit aboutcookies.org. for more information about how to turn cookies on and off for your browser.
We use Google Analytics to help us collate Site statistics. For further details on the cookies set by Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Code website.
Web Beacons
This Site may also use web beacons (including web beacons supplied or provided by third parties) alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about users’ usage of the Site and interaction with e-mails from Guy Carpenter. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular Site tied to the web beacon, and a description of a Site tied to the web beacon. We use web beacons to operate and improve the Site and e-mail communications.   We may use information from web beacons in combination with other data we have about our clients to provide you with information about Guy Carpenter and our services.
IP Addresses
When you visit our Site, Guy Carpenter collects your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information. For example, Guy Carpenter uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which users navigate the Site.
Disclosure or use of your information
We will not exchange or sell or otherwise distribute your personal information outside the Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. group ("MMCo") without your consent except in accordance with your instructions (including providing the services you have contracted with us to provide to you) or as identified in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy is not applicable to personal information that is already in the public domain, or that has been received independently from a third party on the understanding that the individuals to whom the personal information relates have been informed of the reason(s) for obtaining the personal information and the fact that it may be disclosed to third parties such as MMCo.
We may use or distribute your personal information to the extent required by law, and as described below:
(i) Providing Services. In the normal course of performing services for our clients, personal information may be shared within MMCo for research and statistical purposes, system administration and crime prevention or detection. When you supply us with information containing third party personal information (names, addresses, or other information relating to living individuals), we will hold and use that personal information to perform services for you on the understanding that the individuals to whom the personal information relates have been informed of the reason(s) for obtaining the personal information and the fact that it may be disclosed to third parties such as MMCo.
(ii) Agents and Service Providers. We sometimes contract with other companies and individuals to perform functions or services on our behalf, such as hosting this Site, sending e-mail messages and making phone calls on our behalf. They may have access to personal information, such as addresses, needed to perform their functions, but are restricted from using it for purposes other than providing services for Guy Carpenter.
(iii) Business Transfers. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy assets. In such transactions, user information, including personal information, generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, if either Guy Carpenter itself or substantially all of its assets were acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. Therefore, we may disclose and/or transfer your personal information to a third party purchaser in these circumstances.
(iv) Legal Matters. Guy Carpenter may preserve and has the right to disclose without your prior permission any personal information about you or your use of this Site if Guy Carpenter has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) protect and defend the rights, property or safety of MMCo, employees, other users of this Site, or the public; (b) enforce the terms and conditions that apply to use of this Site; or (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties. We may also disclose personal information as we deem necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Transferring information overseas
Your personal information may be transferred to any country, including countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which do not have as robust a data protection regime as those countries within the EEA, to achieve any of the purposes stated above and for systems administration.
If you submit any personal information relating to another person on or through the Site to Guy Carpenter and such personal information is protected by another state or country, you will be responsible for compliance with the applicable laws in so far as they relate to your right to use such personal information, your transfer of it to Guy Carpenter, Guy Carpenter’s storage of that personal information in electronic form on the Site and use of that personal information in performing services for your organization in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Updating your personal information
It is important that the personal information that we hold about you is accurate, complete and up to date.If any of your details change, you can update us via our contact details on the Site.
External links
Guy Carpenter may include links to other websites whose privacy policies we do not control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your web browser), use of any personal information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these websites via a link from the website's homepage, you should contact the website directly for more information.
Security
We have in place physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information we collect, use, and maintain. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that personal information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. We ask that you do your part by maintaining in strict confidence any computer passwords you use to access the Internet or this Site.  We encourage responsible reporting of any vulnerabilities that may be found in our Site or any application available through our Site.
Information related to employment
This Site may provide an opportunity to submit your curriculum vitae or an application form to us or to apply for a position through this Site. If you submit information for such purposes, we will use (which may include transferring) the personal information you provide to evaluate your qualifications and contact you regarding any positions at Guy Carpenter or any of its affiliated companies in which we believe you may be interested.
Privacy Policy updates
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 14 August 2013. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do so, changes in our Privacy Policy will be effective immediately. If you are a regular visitor to this Site, we recommend that you check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
Contact information
Privacy Policy Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to us via our contact details on the Site.