https://www.mcchrystals.co.uk/privacy
Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Skip to Content
Sign In RegisterFind A Local Store Toggle Nav
Your Cart
SearchSearch
Advanced SearchSearch Compare Products
Menu SHOP ALLORIGINALCBDFLAVOUREDMENTHOLPLAINBOXESABOUTHERITAGEHISTORYTHE RITUALDISTRIBUTORSNewsCONTACT
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
ABOUT US
This Policy sets out the basis on which we collect personal data (as defined below) from you and
the way in which it will be processed by us. Please read this Policy carefully to understand our views and
practices regarding your personal data and how we shall treat it.
McChrystal’s (Leicester) Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
For the purposes of the relevant data protection legislation, the “data controller” is McChrystal’s
(Leicester) Limited of 26 Morris Road, Off Oakland Road, Leicester, LE2 6BR.
It is important that you read this Policy together with any other privacy notice or fair
processing notice that we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal
data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. This Policy
supplements any other such notices and is not intended to override them.
If you have any questions about this Policy, including if you wish to send us a request to
exercise any of your legal rights, please contact us at sales@mcchrystals.co.uk.
WHY DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your
personal data in the following circumstances:
To provide products or services to you, either at your request or in order to fulfil an
existing contract;
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your
interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
“Legitimate interest” means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our
business to enable us to give you the best service or product and the secure experience. We ensure that we
consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your personal data for
our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden
by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
“Personal data” means any information which identifies (or from which we can identify) a
natural person. We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we
have grouped together as follows:
“Identity Data”, which comprises your first name, middle name, last name and title.
“Contact Data”, which comprises your address, email address and telephone number(s).
“Financial Data”, which comprises your bank account and payment card details.
“Transaction Data”, which comprises details about payments to and from you and
details of products or services you have purchased from us.
“Technical Data”, which comprises your IP address, browser type and version, time
zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other
technology on the device(s) you use to access our website.
“Usage Data”, which comprises information about how you use our website, products and
services.
“Marketing and Communications Data”, which comprises your preferences in receiving
marketing from us and third parties, and your communication preferences.
We do not collect any “Special Categories” of personal data about you (this includes
details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation,
political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
We also do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. We do not knowingly collect
and personal data about children.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We may collect information on you in the following ways:
Information that you voluntarily provide to us
When you place an order with us, consult with our sales team, send us an email, fill in forms on
our website, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect.
We also collect information you give to us when we contact you during the ordering process. That information
may include your Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data, Transaction Data, and Marketing and
Communications Data.
Information that we collect automatically
When you browse our website, we may collect information about your visit to our website and your
web browsing. That information may include your Technical Data and Usage Data. We may collect this
information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other similar technologies. Our
use of cookies and similar technologies is explained more fully in our Cookie Policy.
Information from other sources
From time to time we may obtain information about you from third party sources, such as public
databases (for example, Companies House), and other third-party data providers. We take steps to ensure that
such third parties are legally permitted or required to disclose such information to us. Examples of the
information we may receive from other sources include: demographic information, device information (such as
IP addresses), location, and online behavioural data (such page view information and search results and
links) from analytics providers and search engine providers (for example, Google Analytics based outside the
EU). We use this information, alone or in combination with other information (including personal data) we
collect, to develop and provide you with more relevant products and services.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We have set out below a description of all the ways we intend to use any personal data, and which
of the legal bases we intend to rely on in order to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate
interests are where appropriate. You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in relation to specific activities by contacting
us. We may use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
Processing your order
In processing your order, we will use your Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data,
Transaction Data, and Marketing and Communications Data in order to provide you with our products and
services, which includes managing, processing and dispatching your orders as well as processing payments. We
will also use this information to keep adequate records of your past purchases, as well as to contact you
regarding your order.
To manage our relationship with you
We may send you important updates about changes to the way in which our products or services work.
We may also, unless you have opted-out, send you information electronically about products or services which
are similar to those you have already purchased from us previously. Where you have purchased products or
services from us, we may also ask you to complete a review or survey about your recent purchase. This is necessary in order to keep you updated about products and services you
have purchased, develop our range of products and services, and grow our business.
Marketing
If we have obtained your express opt-in consent, we may send you, or permit selected third
parties to send you, other forms of marketing, for example by way of our newsletter, or regarding other
products and services. We shall make sure it is clear when you are able to give us permission to do this,
for example, we have an online form and boxes that you need to tick if you wish to receive any such
marketing materials. You have the right to withdraw your consent to receiving direct marketing at any time
by contacting us.
Advertising
We may use the information that we collect in order to deliver relevant website content to you
and to measure or understand the effectiveness of our website content. We also use data analytics to improve
our website, products and services, customer relationships and experiences. This is for us to be able to
study how customers use our products or services and develop them, to grow our business and to inform our
marketing strategy. For more information on how we use cookies or other similar technologies for these
purposes, as well as how to opt-out of the use of cookies, please visit our Cookie Policy.
To administer and protect our business and this website
We may also use your information in order to protect our business and our website, and to help us
monitor or improve the products or services that we offer. This includes troubleshooting, statistical and
data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data. We also use your
information to improve our website so that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for
your computer, and as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure. This is necessary for the
running of our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security and prevention of
fraud. We may also need to use your information in the context of a business reorganisation or group
restructuring exercise.
Other purposes
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we
reasonably consider that we need to use it for another lawful reason and that reason is compatible with the
original purpose. If you require an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible
with the original purpose, please contact us. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the
legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your personal data without your
knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
WHEN WILL WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in
accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for
their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in
accordance with our instructions. We shall not share your personal data with any third parties for marketing
purposes without your express consent. We shall however, share your personal data with third parties, for
the following reasons:
Service Providers
We will share your personal data with service providers where this is necessary in order to
provide you with products or services that you have ordered. Examples of Service Providers include payment
processors, hosting services, suppliers, sub-contractors and delivery services. We may also need to share
your personal data with third party software or IT support providers from time to time for the purpose of
system administration, data security, data storage, back up, disaster recovery or IT support.
Advertising partners
We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our
websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites, and may share personal data with them for
this purpose. All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your personal data
in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. We and our third-party partners may use cookies and other
tracking technologies to gather information about your activities on our website and other sites in order to
provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests. For more information
about tracking technologies, please visit our Cookie Policy.
To transfer your information in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation,
reorganisation, or acquisition
We may share your personal data with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or
merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge
with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same
way as set out in this Policy.
To protect the rights, property, or safety of our business and other customers
We reserve the right to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any
legal or regulatory requirements, enforce our terms and conditions (or any other agreement we enter into
with you), or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our business and other customers. This
includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud
protection and credit risk reduction. We may also need to share information with HM Revenue &
Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors based in the United Kingdom, who require
reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances. We may also share your personal data with
our professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based who provide
consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Third Party Websites
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on
those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do
not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave
our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website that you visit.
International Transfers
Some of our external third parties may from time to time be based outside the European Economic
Area (“EEA”) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the
EEA. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is
afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your Personal Information to countries that have been deemed to provide an
adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European
Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain Service Providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European
Commission which give personal data the same protection that it receives in Europe. For further details, see
European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer personal data to them if they are part of the Privacy
Shield Network, which requires the provision of a level of protection acceptable to the European Commission
of personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
WHERE WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
All personal data that you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or in hard copy in a
secure location controlled by us. We use our best endeavours to ensure that your data is treated securely
and in accordance with this Policy and comply with the relevant data protection legislation within the
United Kingdom.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being
accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit
access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a
business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to
a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify
you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Please note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.
Although we shall do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data
transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we
shall use effective safeguarding procedures and security features to try to prevent any unauthorised access
to your personal data.
HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP HOLD OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we
collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting
requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature,
and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your
personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those
purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Details of retention periods for
different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us
by contacting us.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated
with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely
without further notice to you.
YOUR RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have the following rights:
to request that we provide you with a copy of the personal data that we hold about you (“Access
Request”);
to request that we rectify any personal data that we hold about you (“Right to
Rectification”);
to request that we erase any personal data that we hold about you (“Right to be
Forgotten”);
to restrict the level of processing we carry out with your personal data (“Restriction of
Processing”);
to obtain from us all personal data that we hold about you in a structured, machine readable
form, and have this information transmitted to another organisation (“Data Portability”);
to object to our processing your personal data in certain ways (“Right to Object”);
and
to withdraw your consent at any time to our processing of your personal data.
Please see the relevant sections below for further details on your rights as a data subject. You
can exercise any of the above rights by emailing us at sales@mcchrystals.co.uk. You also have the right to
lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office if you are unhappy in any way with how we have
treated your personal information. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns
before you approach the Information Commissioner’s Office, so please contact us in the first instance.
We shall comply with any request made under this section as soon as possible, and normally within
one month from the date of your request. However, if necessary, for example if your request is particularly
complex or we receive a number of similar requests, we may extend this period by an additional two months,
but we shall notify you if we need to do this.
You will not usually have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your
other rights). However, please note that where we receive requests under this section which are manifestly
unfounded or excessive, for example because they are repetitive in nature, we may charge a reasonable fee
taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or taking the action requested, or
refuse to act on the request.
ACCESS REQUEST
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you at any time. This
enables you to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully
processing it. Please note that in most circumstances, we shall not make a charge for this. However, we may
charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs for any further copies requested.
RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
You have the right at any time to ask us to rectify any personal data that we hold for you which
is incorrect or incomplete. This enables you to have corrected any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold
about you, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data that you provide to us. If we have
disclosed any incorrect or incomplete data to any third parties, we shall inform them of any necessary
amendments or corrections made to your personal data under this section.
RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN
You have the right to ask us to erase the personal data that we hold about you in
circumstances where:
it is no longer necessary for us to handle your personal data for the purpose for which it
was originally collected;
you have withdrawn your permission for us to hold your personal data (where this was the
basis on which it was collected or used);
you object to the processing of the data and there is no lawful overriding reason for us to
continue processing your personal data;
the personal data was unlawfully processed; or
we have to erase your personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation.
Please note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure
for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
RESTRICTION OF PROCESSING
You can ask us to restrict how we use your data in the following circumstances:
where you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate, you can ask that we
refrain from using your data until we can verify the accuracy of it;
where we have unlawfully processed your data, you can ask that we restrict our usage of it
rather than erase it completely;
where we no longer need to hold your information, but you wish us to retain your information
for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending a legal claim; or
where you have objected to our use of your information but we need to verify whether we have
overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
DATA PORTABILITY
You have the right to obtain from us all personal data which you have provided to us in a
structured, commonly used and machine-readable form, provided that such data was processed based on your
consent, or for the purpose of a contract between us and the processing was carried out by automated
means.  Please note that this right only applies to
automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to
perform a contract with you.
This will allow you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to
another. Alternatively, we can transmit such data directly to another organisation. Please note that we
shall not be able to comply with a data portability request if this will affect the rights and freedoms of
others.
RIGHT TO OBJECT
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to our processing
of your personal data where we are doing this for the performance of a task carried out in the public
interest (which we shall have told you about, if applicable), or where we are carrying out processing for
the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us.
You also have the right at any time to ask us not to process your personal data for direct
marketing or profiling purposes (to the extent that such profiling is related to such direct marketing). We
shall have informed you before the time we obtained your personal data whether we intend to process your
personal data for this purpose, or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such
purposes.
If we process your personal data for automatic decision making or profiling purposes (e.g. to
analyse or predict your personal preferences and purchase behaviour, and such profiling is automated) we
shall tell you about this beforehand, and will only do this where this is a necessary condition of entering
into a contract between you and us, or where you have given us your explicit consent to do this.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
Where you have given us your consent to our processing of any of your personal data, you have the
right to withdraw your consent at any time, for example if you no longer wish us to share your information
with third parties for marketing purposes (where you have previously consented to this). However, this will
not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
TOBACCO SERIOUSLY DAMAGES HEALTH
This site contains images of tobacco, If you are under 18, Please leave now. Follow The Mcchrystal's Story Online
Twitter
Instagram
Home
Heritage
History
The Ritual
News
Contact Us
Shop Online
My Account
Register
Delivery Details
Twitter
Instagram
Gallery
Find our Store
Distributors
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Website Usage
Cookie Policy
US Restrictions
© 2020 McChrystal's (Leicester) Ltd