http://www.members1st.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES Members 1st Federal Credit UnionDO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security number and income
• Account balances and payment history
• Name, address, and phone number
• Credit history and credit scores
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Members 1st Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Members 1st FCU share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
Yes
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For non-affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
To limit our sharing
• Call (800) 237-7288 or
• Visit us online: www.members1st.org/privacy and choose Manage Your Solicitations
Please note:If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call (800) 237-7288 or go to www.members1st.org/privacy
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
Members 1st Federal Credit Union
What We Do
How does Members 1st FCU protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. Additionally, we require and train our employees to comply with our privacy standards and policies, which are designed to protect customer information.
How does Members 1st FCU collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• Open an account or deposit money
• Pay your bills or apply for a loan
• Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
• Our affiliates include Members 1st LLC.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
• Non-affiliates we share with can include financial services companies such as insurance agencies and settlement service companies, non-financial companies such as retailers and home improvement companies.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include insurance, investment, and home improvement companies.
Other important information
All content available at the Members 1st FCU Website and Online Secured Service is the property of Members 1st FCU and/or it suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws, trademarks, and other applicable laws. Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, Members 1st FCU and its suppliers do not grant you any express or implied rights under any patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademark or other intellectual or industrial property rights. Members 1st FCU, 5000 Louise Drive, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055.
Rev. 04/2020
Privacy FAQs
Is this Privacy Notice unique to Members 1st Federal Credit Union?
No. Most financial institutions use the same format and language to provide consistency industry-wide. Members will receive the same type of notice from other banks, credit unions or mortgage lenders. Our regulators developed this notice format to help you understand and compare privacy practices.
Why do you need to share my information with companies outside of Members 1st Federal Credit Union and how do I know that I am protected?
We work with outside vendors for many reasons. All vendors must sign an agreement that limits how they use the data we share with them and we evaluate their ability to protect your information.
Why would you share my Social Security Number?
When sharing information such as a social security number or credit history it is for specific reasons, i.e. approving a loan. We only share the information that is absolutely necessary and this information will never be shared for marketing purposes.
Can I limit the types of marketing solicitations that I receive?
Yes. You can opt-out of various marketing solicitations by completing the Opt-Out Non Solicitation form. Please visit us at members1st.org/privacy and choose Manage Your Solicitations.
Manage Your Solicitations
Constance W.
Member since 1992
Still have questions?
We're here to help you find answers. Give us a call or stop by your nearest branch.
call our team
Find your branch
Please be aware that by continuing you will be leaving www.members1st.org and viewing content from another website.
For your protection please be advised that public Internet email is not secure. Various links within our web site allow you to submit information to us by public Internet email. Please DO NOT provide personal or account information through public email or submit any personal information that would compromise your identity including your account number, social security number, credit card numbers, electronic services PINs, passwords or mother's maiden name.
Members 1st will not respond via public Internet email to requests-for-account-information or account activity. Please contact Customer Service with these types of requests at (800) 237-7288 or (717) 795-6049.