http://www.imageworksstudio.com/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy contains types of information collected and recorded by ImageWorks Creative (ImageWorks) and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared with us. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information We Collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our website
Improve, personalize, and expand our website
Understand and analyze how you use our website
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
ImageWorks follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, ImageWorks uses ‘cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
CCPA Privacy Policy (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Privacy Policy (Data Protection Rights)
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
ImageWorks does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Are you ready to chat?
Email us/Schedule a call
Happy creating! For an immediate response, call us now at (703) 378-0000.
Partners & Awards
Previous
Pause
Next
"A big thank you for an amazing website! I absolutely love it! You and your team did a great job! Fabulous work ... I have been bragging about it to everyone!"
Lowes Island
"With their copywriting capabilities, SEO expertise, and an eye for design, this firm has it all!"
Providea
"ImageWorks’ branding and marketing strategies have led to a tenfold increase in our organic website traffic."
Diakon
"We have already seen a lot more user engagement than we ever have had in the past. Scott never said no. As a result, I am a hero at work for creating this great new site."
MAG America
"Scott is the only person I've talked to who really took the time to understand my marketing needs and helped me make the changes to my website and marketing plan."
SermonScribe
"ImageWorks knew exactly what I needed and provided it quickly and economically."
The People’s Chemist
"Thanks to the IWC team for creating a brand for us which consistently receives rave reviews!"
BeanTree Learning
"Pssst! Did you know ImageWorks has won over 20 national and international awards for design and marketing from the best names in the industry? Imagine that talent working for your business! "
ImageWorks Press Secretary
"We have been extremely happy with their creativeness and are very proud of what they have done for us on our web presence."
Rosoka
"This [design] is phenomenal! Your team has blown me and my expectations away at every phase! I can hardly wait to start marketing."
Launch Paw
0123456789
Tysons Corner Location 8000 Towers Crescent Drive
Suite 1700 | Tysons, VA 22182(703) 378 0000
Washington, DC Location 1717 K St NW | Suite 900
Washington, DC 20006(202) 803 7980
Subscribe to Our Blog
Marketing insights straight to your inbox
Email Address
Submit
Leave this field blank