http://www.hospitalitysearch.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to browse links
Search
Menu
Home
Why Use Us
All Jobs
Our Services
HSI Resources
HSI Downloads
Place a Vacancy
News
Join Us
Contact Us
Shortlist (0)
Register
Log In
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on LinkedIn
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Google+
Call Us On +44 (0) 203 322 9391
Shortlist (0)
Register
Log In
Home >
Terms and Conditions >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE INFORMATION Q&A
for Hospitality Search International
1. Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
2. Who are we?
Hospitality Search International is the data controller (contact details below). This means we decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
3. How do we process your personal data?
Hospitality Search International complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: -
To enable us to provide a recruitment service for the benefit of Job seekers in particular
To administer candidate records;
To maintain our own application records
To inform you of news, events, activities, and services run by Hospitality Search International
To share your contact details with the HSI offices and recruiters so they can keep you informed of possible job opportunities.
About news in the industry and events, activities and services that will be occurring in the world of hospitality and in which you may be interested.
4. What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subjects so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and services and available jobs to keep you informed about HSI events.
·verify your identity, operate your Account and provide you with the requested Service(including allowing you to carry out communications and transactions using the Service);
monitor who is accessing this Site or using the Service (including, without limitation, contacting you if your Account has been inactive for a specified period); communicate with you (including via email or SMS);
process any query or complaint;
gather management information to form statistical and trend analysis; allow us to improve the Service to you or to develop new services; and tell you about news, information, and material in relation to our products and services where we have the appropriate permissions to do so.
5. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the HSI team in order to carry out a recruitment service for purposes connected without client within the Hospitality Industry. We will only share your data with third parties with your consent.
6. How long do we keep your personal data? We keep data in accordance with the guidance of GDPR.
Your CV and associated files will be kept for 2 years. Your contact name, email address and contact number will be kept for 5-8 years
7. Your rights and your personal data Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which Hospitality Search International holds about you;
The right to request that HSI corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for HSI to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means].
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable)
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
8. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
9. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact the Hospitality Search International Data Controller by email or post.
CV Search
When you upload your CV or apply for a job using your profile, you are given the option to opt-in to HSI CV Search service. If you choose to opt-in then your profile and CV will be made available to and searchable by third-party recruiters and prospective employers which can greatly increase your visibility and aid your job search. You can subsequently opt-in or opt-out of the CV Search service at any time by amending your privacy and contact settings in your account profile.
If you have an HSI or jobseeker account, you can stop receiving emails by updating your contact preferences on our website.
How do we let you know if our policy changes?
Any policy changes, either due to business reasons or future changes in legislation, will be posted on this page and, if substantial, may be promoted on the Website or through e-mail notification.
How do you remove your details from the database?
By closing your account online website this only removes your details from there. If you wish all your details to be removed you need to contact us directly.
You can contact us to request for your account to be closed and your data to be completely removed at any time. Which will be processed confirmed by HSI within 31 Calendar days of your request.
How do you have your data total removed?
Please send a letter requesting this to:-
Registered Office HSI - Hospitality Search International 86-90 Pauls Street Shoreditch London EC2A 4NE
Or you can send this request to the Protocol officer at
po@hospitalitysearch.co.uk
Global Candidate Vault trading as Hospitality Search International
Company Number 8429101. Registered in England and Wales.
Terms
Cookie Policy
Indemnity Agreement
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Complaints Policy
Privacy Notice
Browse Jobs
Bars & BeverageBanqueting & EventChef InternationalChef UKCorporate & SeniorEngineeringFinance & ITFood & Beverage vacanciesGeneral ManagementHousekeepingHR & TrainingIndustrial & CateringMarketing & SalesRooms and FORecreation & SpaRestaurantOther vacancies
Contact Us
Hospitality Search International4h Floor, 86 - 90 Paul StreetLondonEC2A 4NEUnited Kingdom
+44 (0) 203 322 9391
office@hospitalitysearch.co.uk
Or Contact us with
Viber
Whatsapp
© 2020 Hospitality Search International
Recruiter Sites software by HotLizard
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Complaints Policy
Privacy Notice