https://www.psbroker.com/about-our-team/ps-broker-privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is most important to us.
PS Broker has always been committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal and corporate information. We have established Privacy Principles to govern our use of customer information. PS Broker does not sell, share, or distribute customer information to any third party organization.
Accountability
PS Broker is responsible for maintaining and protecting customer information under its control.
Identifying Purposes
The purposes for which customer information is collected shall be identified before or at the time the information is collected.
Consent
The knowledge and consent of the customer are required for the collection, use or disclosure of customer information except where required or permitted by law.
Limiting Collection
The customer information collected must be limited to those details necessary for the purposes identified by PS Broker. Information must be collected by fair and lawful means.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Customer information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless the customer has otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Customer information may only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
Accuracy
Customer information must be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
Safeguarding Customer Information
Customer information must be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information.
Openness
PS Broker is required to make information available to customers concerning the policies and practices that apply to the management of their information.
Customer Access
Upon request, a customer shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of their information, and shall be given access to it. Customers may verify the accuracy and completeness of their information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate.
Handling Customer Complaints and Suggestions
Customers may direct any questions or inquiries with respect to the privacy principles outlined above or about our practices by contacting the designated person(s) accountable for privacy at PS Broker.
Opt-Out
If you would like to unsubscribe from our emails or terminate other communications, please send an email to: info@psbroker.com
Mail: Post Office Box 21643, Saint Simons Island, Georgia 31522
Phone: 800-636-4740
Our team is committed to providing excellent services to our customers in both buying and selling veterinary practices.
With over 40 years of combined experience, we know how to make your transition streamlined, efficient, and enjoyable.
Call us today!
CONTACT PS BROKER