http://www.mcconkeyco.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Sales Reps
About Us
Celebrating 50 Years
Careers
Location
Contact
Promotions
Featured
New Products
Clearance
Monthly Clearance Spotlight
Download a McConkey Catalog
Planters & Decorative Containers
Decorative Planters
Color Bowls
Hanging Baskets
Hangers & Saucers
Pots & Carry Trays
Round Pots
Square Pots
Carry Trays
rEarth Pots & Trays
Nursery Containers
Inserts and Flats
Phoenix Trays
1020 Inserts & Flats
17" Square Inserts & Flats
Plug & Propagation Trays
rEarth
Compatibility Tables
How to choose a format
Greenhouse Accessories
Kong Carts
BulletProof Ground Cover
Home»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which McConkey
Company collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected
from users (each, a "User") of the www.mcconkeyco.com website ("Site").
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services
offered by McConkey.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a
variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our
site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a
survey, subscribe to our newsletter, and in connection with other
activities, services, features or resources we make available on our
Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name,
email address,
mailing address,
phone number,
or credit card information.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only
if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always
refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it
may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users
whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification
information may include the browser name, the type of computer and
technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such
as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and
other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web
browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes
and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set
their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not
function properly.
How we use collected information
McConkey Company collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe
may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a
group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe
may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an
order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this
information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to
provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users
provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information
and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond
to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides
to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include
company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If
at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future
emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of
each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing
practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access,
alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information,
username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its
Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted
and protected with digital signatures.
Changes to this privacy policy
McConkey Company has the discretion to update this privacy policy at
any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes
to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal
information we collect.
Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
McConkey Company
www.mcconkeyco.com
1615 Puyallup St,
Sumner, WA 98390
800-426-8124
About Us
Careers
Company History
Contact Us
Locations
Mission
Sales Reps
Why order from McConkey?
Upcoming Events
Ordering Information
Forms
FAQ
Literature
Payment and Returns
Privacy Policy
Truck Schedule
Capabilities
Color Capabilities
Custom Design
Kong Custom Carts
Logo Engraving