https://www.teammcc.com/pages/index/privacypolicy
630-782-2010
443 E. Saint Charles Rd.
Villa Park, IL 60181
Login
|
Create Account
showroom
Factory Showroom
New Inventory
Pre-Owned Inventory
Services
FINANCING
SHOP ONLINE
Shop Street Parts & Accessories
Shop VTwin Parts & Accessories
Shop Dirt Parts & Accessories
Shop ATV Parts & Accessories
Shop UTV Parts & Accessories
Shop by Brand
DEALER INFO
About Us
Race Team
Virtual Tour
Track Day
CUSTOMER CORNER
News Article
Events
Links
Photos
Videos
Go!
0
630-782-2010
443 E. Saint Charles Rd.
Villa Park, IL 60181
Menu
Factory Showroom
New Units
Pre Owned Units
Services
Financing
Customer Corner
Events calendar
Links
Photos
Dealer Info
About us
Staff
Employee of the month
Employment
Shop Online
Shop Street Parts & Accessories
Shop VTwin Parts & Accessories
Shop Dirt Parts & Accessories
Shop ATV Parts & Accessories
Shop UTV Parts & Accessories
Shop Parts by Brand
Wish list
Account
Call
Cart
MAP & HOURS
Login | create account
Go!
×
Get Out-The-Door Price
Looking for Your Next Adventure?
Message Received - Thank You
Complete the form
Tell us which model you're interested in
Receive your out-the-door price
Fill out the form below to get yourfree out-the-door price!
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Phone:
*
Email:
*
We respect your privacy and won't share your information with any other company. Terms and conditions apply.
Customer Privacy Policy
Our primary – and most important – goals is to maintain and ensure the security of our customer data. We understand that you may have concerns regarding the privacy of your personal information. This is why we have specifically created this section; to address your concerns and answer questions you may have.
This Customer Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy practices for Our retail stores (the “Stores”), Our Customer Care centers (the “Call Centers”), Our website (the “Site”), and all other locations, occasions, or events where your personal information is collected by, or on behalf of us.
Personal Information We Collect
As part of your interaction with us, we may collect personal information such as name, email address, billing address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information.
When We Collect Personal Information
We may collect personal information from you when you:
• Create an account on our Site
• Purchase, return, or exchange items in our Stores, through our Call Centers, or on our Site
• Contact one of our Call Centers
• Subscribe to our newsletter or emails
• Respond to a survey or fill out a form
• Sign up for a loyalty program
• Enter into a contest or sweepstakes
• Provide us with reviews, questions, answers, comments, feedback, or suggestions
How We Use Your Personal Information
The personal information we collect from you may be used in any of the following ways:
• To enhance your experience
Your information helps us to enhance and personalize your shopping experience in our Stores, through our Call Centers, and on our Site. We use your personal information to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers, to improve the content of our Site for you, and to improve your Store and Call Center experience.
• To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs. Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us when creating an account on our Site, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username. We will also communicate with you to respond to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account.
• To process transactions
We use your information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use your information to contact you.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Site feature
From time-to-time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our Site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor Site traffic or personalize the Site (in the case of anonymous information collected in surveys), or to send participants an email related to the contest, promotion or survey (such as reminder or thank you notices).
We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; such companies are prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
• To send periodic communications
We may send you mail, email or call you with information about our product and service offerings if you have provided us with your name and address, email address or phone numbers at our Stores, Call Centers, or Site.
If you place an order on our Site, the email address you provide will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If you decide to opt-in to our promotional email list, you will receive emails that may include company news, offers, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future promotional emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each promotional email. You may also contact us via phone, email, or regular mail.
• To Email a Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site. We do not store your friend’s name or email address in our database.
Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, you may update or delete it by making the changes on our member accunt page or by emailing Customer Care or by contacting us by telephone or clicking the Contact Us link at the bottom of this page.
Customer Testimonials/Comments/Reviews
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as our customer’s name. We obtain our customer’s consent prior to posting.
In general, we may combine your personal information with non-personal information collected through our Stores, Call Centers, Site, and/or third party sources in order to accomplish the uses listed above.
Security - How We Protect Your Information
We leverage some of the most cutting edge technology and practices to maintain the security of our customer information. Our security measures meet or exceed both industry and regulatory standards and we proactively look for ways to improve our processes. Additionally, we have internal training programs to ensure that our staff remains vigilant in protecting our customer information.
In order to help protect your information, we utilize a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database. Information is only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems. Authorized individuals are required to keep the information confidential. Protecting your information is extremely serious business and we do not take our responsibility to our customers lightly. After a transaction, your financial information will be retained only in accordance with state and federal regulations.
Regretfully, no form of electronic communication can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Subsequently, although we will utilize our resources to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Under no circumstance do we accept or assume liability for any damages whatsoever associated with the personal information received.
How We Share Your Information Outside Of Our Website
We share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, collections processing, promotional services, etc. We call these our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We may disclose some of your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities who may seek to cause injury to you, or others. We will disclose your personally identifiable information when required to by law through properly served subpoena if we believe it necessary.
In addition to the information above, we also may collect data on customer shopping patterns while on our Site. This may include how frequently our Site is visited, the length of those visits, and the types of items our customers are looking for. This is collected to help improve the current and future shopping experience of you, our customer.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Cookies
We use cookies to help us remember and personalize your experience, process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements, and compile aggregate data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party Service Providers to assist us in better understanding our Site visitors. These Service Providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting our Call Centers or by visiting any of our Stores.
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
We partner with a third party ad networks to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users’ movements around the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Product Reviews and Question & Answer Areas
If you use a Product Review or Question & Answer area on this Site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these areas. To request removal of your personal information from this area, contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Email Privacy
Email is not a secure means of communication under most circumstances. Never provide sensitive personal information (i.e. Social Security number, driver's license number, or third party credit card information) to us via email. Use the appropriate secured websites to communicate this information or contact our Call Center.
We will not sell, trade, share or rent the email address you provide to anyone. We believe that your email address is personal and should be kept that way. We use your email address to provide you with better customer support, and to update you on specials.
Chat Feature
We use an optional chat feature to assist you with using the website. We do not request or collect any personally identifiable information unless it is necessary for assisting you with your specific problem. Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services please contact us. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms & Service section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Site.
Your Consent
By using our Site, you (the user) agree to our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS. Additionally, you consent to the collection and use of this information by using our website as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
630-782-2010
443 E. Saint Charles Rd.,
Villa Park, IL 60181
HOURS:
Service Department: Open by Appointment Only
Sales & Parts Departments: Open per Stage 3 Rules
-Masks Required for entry
-No entry with symptoms
-Limited Occupancy Capacity
-Non-Family Groups limited to no more than two
Tuesday-Thursday: 10AM to 6PM
Friday: 10AM to 6PM
Saturday: 9AM to 4PM
Sunday & Monday: Closed
quick links:
Shipping Questions
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Payment Options
Services
Site Map
Copyright 2019 Powersport Technologies
All Rights Reserved.