http://www.specialty-products.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Here at SPI we take your privacy seriously.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers SPI’s treatment of personally identifiable information that SPI collects when you are on SPI, and when you use SPI’s services. This policy also covers SPI’s treatment of any personally identifiable information that SPI business partners share with SPI or that SPI may collect on a partner’s site. -This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that SPI does not own or control, or to the people that SPI does not employ or manage. -Information Collection and Use -SPI collets personally identifiable information when you place an order, when you use certain SPI products or services, or when you visit SPI pages. -SPI uses information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about specials and new products. Information Sharing ad Disclosure -SPI will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. -SPI may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when: -We have your consent to share information; -We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; -We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of SPI to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.); -We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or -We find that your actions or our web sites violates SPI’s Terms of Service or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
SPI may set and access Our Shop cookies on your computer -Security -In certain areas SPI uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
SPI may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
CONTACT USChoose Contact Form
| >SPI Locations (USA)SPI International DistributionRequest a SampleRequest a QuoteFind your SPI Sales Manager