http://www.brick.org.uk/privacy
Toggle navigation
Brick Bulletin
Technical
General Guides
Technical Guides
Structural Guides
Brick Calculator
Sustainability
Reports
Policies
Events
The Annual Brick Awards
Brick Awards Archive
Brick Works Series
News
Resources
About
The Association
Our Members
Education & Training
Industry Links
Contact us
BQC Assessment & Audit Panel
Privacy Policy
This Site at brick.org.uk (the ‘Site’) is owned and operated by the The Brick Development Association (‘BDA’). Please review the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions before using the BDA Site.
This Privacy Policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can limit the use of that information, and the procedures the BDA has in place for your privacy.
About us
The BDA is a ‘non-profit’ trade association that represents the UK's manufacturers of clay brick. To be able to improve the service we provide, we hold information about our members, some of their clients, and customers (subscribers) of our publications; e.g., the Brick Bulletin. This information is used to deliver our membership offering and keep our members and subscribers up to date with news in our industry.
The Privacy Policy set out below shall apply to all users of the Site. The terms ‘you’, ‘your’ and ‘user’ refer to any individual and/or business accessing the Site for any reason. References to ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are references to the BDA.
Consent
By registering on the Site or providing us with your personal information, you are consenting to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by us in the manner set out in this Policy.
Information we collect
When you use our services (as a ‘non-member’, ‘member’, ‘associate’, ‘customer’ or ‘subscriber’) we may need to collect your personal information, including full name, email and postal address, telephone number, professional title and in cases credit card number, dietary requirements and photos. This information is collected to help us with your membership registration, event bookings or access to publications (see How is your information used?).
We will not collect personal information beyond what is necessary, but we are legally required to hold some types of information in order to fulfil our business obligations.
In general, we gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas you visit most frequently and what services you access the most. To protect your privacy, we use this information anonymously and aggregated with other users’ information. The information collected helps us determine what features and services are of most benefit to you in order to create the best possible service for you.
The following are some of the ways we may collect your personal data:
Registration on the BDA Site
Registration for BDA annual or seasonal events
Purchasing of a publication or a BDA subscription
Direct contact with the BDA (phone, email, post)
Application for a job
Giving us your business card
Being shared by your colleagues.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
To send you material and communications which you have requested.
Assess how engaged our member organisations and their customers are
Promote our events or publications
Process a job application
Provide you with access to the Site
Send you information relevant to direct marketing, surveys, events and feedback.
We maintain a list of member companies showing publicly available information of members’ company names and email addresses where applicable. That information is maintained to enable our members to be contacted.
Photography may be taken at the BDA events and we will inform you in advance if and when these photographs will be published on our Site. If you do not wish your photograph to be taken, we suggest you inform a member of the BDA staff prior to/at the event.
Retention Period
Retention periods may vary amongst different user types (see Terms of Use for the different user types):
Members: personal data is being stored for the duration of the membership with the BDA. Once the membership is terminated, all personal data will be deleted from our database and only corporate information will be kept for business records. The BDA will not delete a registered website user account; only individuals can request an account deletion.
Subscribers: personal data is being stored for the duration of the subscription with the BDA. If you do not wish to remain subscribed, all personal data will be deleted from our database and only corporate information will be kept for business records. The BDA will not delete a registered website user account; only individuals can request an account deletion.
Non-members: your personal data is being stored on the “back end” of the Site and in our database (which uses some third-party platforms). That personal data is being stored up until you as a non-member request an account deletion.
To request a website account/subscriber deletion, opt-out of receiving information from us and/or from our database contact us at any time at:
Brick Development Association
The Building Centre
26 Store Street
London, WC1E 7BT
T: +44 (0)207 323 7030
brick@brick.org.uk
Third Party Service Providers:
The data BDA hold about you may be sometimes shared with third parties. Any sharing is closely monitored and is limited to only what is necessary to deliver our service to you. Some of our trusted third-party service providers can be found below:
Awardforce
The BDA uses a database third party provider, Awardforce, to file your personal data alongside project submissions and votes in our annual Brick Awards competition and for those involved in organising and attending the annual Brick Awards event. For further information please see Awardforce’s Privacy Policy.
Mailchimp
The BDA uses personal data to send to our members, subscribers and customers requested publications, weekly email updates, together with details of our events. We use a third-party provider, Mailchimp, to deliver these services. We gather and review statistics around email opening and clicks to improve our reach and content. For further information please see Mailchimp’s Privacy Policy. Mailchimp is a corporation based outside of the UK; for further information on their compliance with UK and EU regulations please click here.
Eventbrite
The BDA uses personal data to register members and customers for events and to communicate with them post-event. We use a third-party provider, Eventbrite, to deliver these services. For more information please see Eventbrite’s Privacy Policy. Eventbrite is a corporation based outside the UK; for further information on their compliance with UK and EU regulations please click here.
Online reporting tool
The BDA values the views and feedback of its members. As a consequence, we may from time to time conduct online surveys. Your participation in these surveys is entirely optional. Typically, the information is aggregated and used to develop content, publications or events for our members and subscribers. Your contribution to any survey will be anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey. We collect the above information using an online reporting tool hosted by Survey Monkey. For further information please see Survey Monkey’s Privacy Policy. Survey Monkey is a corporation based outside of the UK; for further information on their compliance with UK and EU regulations please click here. For Survey Monkey’s Security Statement please click here.
Website and Design
The BDA uses a third party service, Very Studio, to help maintain the BDA Site. Very Studio also provides some design work for the BDA. For further information please contact Very Studio at info@verystudio.co.uk
Pay Pal
The BDA uses a third-party service, PayPal (provided by PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.), for the processing of online payments. Payments are completed by the purchaser using a 'payment gateway' link, which is a direct connection to the payment service provided by PayPal. No personal data for these transactions is collected by the BDA.
PayPal is an independent payment service provider (PSP). The BDA use this third party to process credit card payments as all transactions are encrypted to the highest global standards. For further information please see PayPal’s Privacy Policy.
IP Addresses and Log Files
The BDA may collect IP addresses of visitors to the Site to help diagnose problems with our servers and for system administration. We shall only use these addresses for technical and tracking purposes unless otherwise required by the law. We capture industry standard information contained in the server log file, such as browser type, pages visited, entry and exit points and visit duration solely for the purposes of analysis. Information contained in log files is intended for internal use only and will only be disclosed to our third-party service provider.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that can be used by web sites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your machine if they are essential to the operation of this site but that for all others we need your permission to do so. The Site does use some non-essential cookies.
We do not use cookies to track individual users or to identify them, but to gain useful knowledge about how the site is used so that we can keep improving it for our users. Without the knowledge we gain from the systems that use these cookies we would not be able to provide the service we do. This Site uses different types of cookies.
We use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the Site. It counts the number of visitors and tells us things about their behaviour overall – such as the typical length of stay on the Site or the average number of pages a user views. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity and providing other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google undertakes not to associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. For further information please see Google Analytic’s Privacy Policy.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. You can access them through some types of browser. Search in your cookie folders for 'brick.org.uk' to find our cookies and the Google Analytics cookie if you wish to delete them. More information about cookies, including how to block them or delete them, can be found at AboutCookies.org. Some third-party cookies are set by services that appear on our pages. They are set by the operators of that service and are not in our control. They are set by Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and inShare (LinkedIn) and relate to the ability of users to share content on the Site, as indicated by these icons: If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. You can access them through some types of browser. Search in your cookie folders for 'brick.org.uk' to find our cookie and the Google Analytics cookie if you wish to delete them. More information about cookies, including how to block them or delete them, can be found at AboutCookies.org.
Feedback
Please submit any feedback to brick@brick.org.uk. Feedback is used primarily for internal purposes to aid us in improving the Site. Any feedback submitted becomes our property and we may use feedback, such as success stories, for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the Site. We will seek your written or email approval before using your personal success story for marketing purposes.
Updating your details and preferences
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If you would like us to correct or update your information, you must inform us as soon as practicable by contacting us at brick@brick.org.uk or call us at +44 (0)207 323 7030.
Access to your data
If you want to request information about our privacy policy or access the information that we hold about you, please contact us at:
Brick Development Association
The Building Centre
26 Store Street
London, WC1E 7BT
Tel: +44 (0)207 323 7030
brick@brick.org.uk
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy for the Site, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at brick@brick.org.uk.
Thank you for using the Site. We hope you find it useful and informative. We look forward to reading your comments and developing the Site for your future use.
This privacy policy was last updated on 13 March 2020.
Contact us
Brick Development Association
The Building Centre
26 Store Street
London, WC1E 7BT
Tel: +44 (0)207 323 7030
brick@brick.org.uk
Terms and Conditions
View the Brick Development Association’s Terms of Use.