http://www.sales-lead-experts.com/about/privacy/
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHome
Sales Lead Consulting
Sales Leads
Database Marketing
Direct Marketing
B2B lead generation services
Marketing Consultant
Marketing Outsourcing
Marketing/Marcom
Telemarketing Lead Generation
Client List: Consulting
Client Testimonials
Meet Mac McIntosh
Types of Clients
Contact Mac – Sales Lead Consulting
Speaking & Training
Marketing Training
Marketing Topics
Sample Titles
Demo Video
Attendee Quotes
Meeting Planner Testimonials
Types of Clients
Client List
Contact Mac – Speaking & Training
Meet Mac McIntosh
Learning Center
Free Webinars
Articles
Events
Resources
Sales Lead Report
Downloads
About
Meet Mac McIntosh
Types of Clients
Client Testimonials
Contact
Return to Content
Our Privacy Policy
Welcome to the privacy policy for Mac McIntosh Inc (MMI). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data.
Introduction
This privacy policy tells you how MMI uses your personal data when you visit our websites, landing pages, or forms, interact with us by email, phone or postal mail, or purchase our services. It also tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. It is important that you read this privacy policy so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
If you have any questions, or would like to exercise your privacy rights, please follow the instructions in the section entitled, See How to contact MMI.
Our websites
MMI’s websites provide information and services for marketers at companies that sell their products or services to other companies, institutions, professionals or the government.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Personal data which we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We collect a variety of information about our wonderful subscribers, customers and visitors to MMI’s websites. This personal data falls into these categories:
Identity Data includes title, first name, last name, username or similar identifier. If you interact with us through social media, this may include your social media user name.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes credit card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products you have used and the services you have purchased from us.
Profile Data includes your username and password, subscriptions, purchases or orders made by you, preferences, feedback and survey responses, as well as any profile data which we have added (for example, using analytics and profiling).
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our websites and services.
Tracking Data includes information we or others collect about you from cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving direct marketing and subscriptions from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data by law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific page on one of our Websites.
However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Remember, if you choose not to share personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide the subscriptions or services you’ve asked for.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you, including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or through chat or social media.
This includes personal data you provide when you:
sign up to receive newsletters or email subscriptions;
make inquiries or request information be sent to you;
create an account on our websites;
order our services;
ask for marketing or content to be sent to you;
engage with us on social media;
enter a competition, promotion or survey;
contact customer services; or
leave comments or reviews on our services (please be kind!).
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with us, including via the MMI websites, landing pages and forms, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We may also collect Tracking Data when you open one of our emails, use our websites, or when you click on one of our ads (including those shown on third party websites).
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various types of third parties, including:
Technical Data and/or Tracking Data from analytics providers, advertising networks and search information providers;
Identity and Contact Data from data partners; and
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of payment and fraud prevention services;
Data from any third parties who are permitted by law or have your permission to share your personal data with us, such as via social media or review sites.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
How we use your personal data
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. For example, when you purchase our services, that’s a contract.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. For example, when we carry out fraud screening as part of the check-out process.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. For example, keeping records of our sales for tax compliance.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than where the law requires it, for example in relation to sending certain direct marketing communications. Where our legal basis is consent, you have the right to withdraw consent any time.
See Explaining the legal bases we rely on to process personal data to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Explaining the legal bases we rely on to process personal data
The table here shows you a description of all the ways we plan to use personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a)  Manage payments, fees    and charges
(b)  Collect and recover money owed to us
Identity Contact Financial Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (including to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a)  Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b)  Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity Contact Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customer use our services)
To deliver direct marketing to you
Identity Contact Profile Usage
Marketing and Communications
Tracking Technical
For most direct marketing communications, we rely on consent, however there are situations in which it is in our legitimate interests to use your personal data in this way
(Please see Advertising, marketing and your communications preferences below)
To enable you to take part in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity Contact Profile Usage
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity Contact Technical Tracking
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganization or  group restructuring exercise).
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or
understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Identity Contact Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical Tracking Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To resolve legal
claims or disputes involving
you or us
All relevant data
categories, depending
on the nature of the
allegation or claim
Necessary to bring or defend a
claim
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
If you ever have any questions about this, all you must do is ask. See How to contact MMI about privacy below.
Advertising, marketing and your communications preferences
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Tracking, Usage and Profile Data to form a picture of what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you and tell you about them. This is what we call direct marketing.
We may carry out direct marketing by email, phone, text or postal mail. For example, you might have MMI’s newsletter or a useful offer land in your inbox.
On our websites, we always try hard to make it really clear what we are doing and what communications you will be sent, whether it’s you deciding to sign up for our newsletter or as part of engaging our services – and you have a right at any time to change your mind and say no thank you and opt out (but we’d be really sorry to see you go, so please gives us a chance by fine tuning your preferences before really leaving us!).
The easiest way to opt out is to use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email communications you receive from us.
Of course, there are lots of different ways you’ll see advertising for MMI, and not all of these are based on using personal data – sometimes we just buy good old-fashioned print advertising or place our ads on other websites and social media. If you see MMI’s ads on websites and in social media, these may not be directed specifically at you; we might just have bid for the space. But here’s some things we may do that may be specifically directed at you:
emails, for example the MMI newsletter;
text messages, for example, reminders of events you have registered for;
promotions by postal mail;
phone calls, to tell you something that might be relevant to you and your business.
We work with partners to try and promote the reach of our ads and use analytics and retargeting for this reason. We use Tracking Data to deliver relevant online advertising, including via other websites and social media.
Tracking Data, and in particular cookies, help us to deliver website and social advertising that we believe is most relevant to you. The cookies used for this purpose are often placed on our website by specialist organizations. This includes retargeting.
Cookies can also tell us if you have seen a specific ad or webpage, and how long it has been since you have seen it. This is helpful, because it means we can control the effectiveness of our advertising and webpages and control the number of times people might be shown our ads (before we risk become annoying). Cookies also help us understand if you’ve opened a marketing email because we don’t want to send you things you don’t read.
Almost all the cookies that relate to advertising are part of third party online advertising networks. If you’d like to read about how you can control which adverts you see online, see opt-out programs established by the Digital Advertising Alliance (United States), the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. We do not control cookies which are set by advertising networks.
If you want more information about Tracking Data, in particular cookies, see Cookies below.
Cookies
You can see from Advertising, marketing and your communications preferences above, that cookies are a tool which we (and everyone one else who operates online) uses for advertising. That is just part of why cookies are used.
Cookies help MMI’s websites to work better and provide lots of help in the background to make the process of getting the information you need a lot easier. You’d miss a lot of these things if they were gone – like it being easy to log in and move from page to page.
Other cookies collect information about how visitors use our websites, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and used to improve how our websites, landing pages and forms work.
There are also cookies that allow MMI’s websites to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video or commenting on a blog.
There are cookies that collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising delivered to you more relevant to you and your interests (see Advertising, marketing and your communications preferences above). They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
When you use sales-lead-experts.com or our other websites, your device or browser may be sent cookies from third parties, for example when using embedded content and social network links. It’s important for you to know that we have no access to or control over cookies used by these companies or third-party websites. We suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
You can see more information about the cookies we use here, including who they belong to, their ID and why they are used. We’ve also included links to the third-party websites where you can go to find out more.
Vendor
Cookie ID
Purpose
More Information
Amazon
ad-id, ad-privacy
We advertise on Amazon’s platform and tracks ads performance when a visitor clicks on an ad in Amazon.com.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy
Google DoubleClick
test_cookie, IDE
We use Google DoubleClick and AdWords to measure the effectiveness of our online marketing campaigns.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook
fr
We use Facebook for advertising purposes. These cookies identify you on Facebook. They are used by Facebook and us for advertising retargeting purposes.
https://business.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google Analytics
Placed through sales-lead-experts.com cookies:
ga_UA-78543370-1
Gat_UA-78543370-1
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate use of those services and compile a report for us.
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
LinkedIn
BizoID, lang, UserMatchHistory, lidc, bcookie, bscookie
We use LinkedIn for advertising purposes. These cookies identify you on LinkedIn so we can target prospective customers more effectively for advertising and retargeting purposes.
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Bing (Microsoft)
MUID
We use Microsoft’s Bing Ads to measure the effectiveness of our online marketing campaigns and track users who come from these campaigns.
https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/microsoft-bing-ads-privacy-policy
Pinterest
_pinterest_cm
We use Pinterest for advertising purposes. These cookies identify you on Pinterest. They are used by Pinterest and us for advertising retargeting purposes.
https://policy.pinterest.com
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of MMI’s websites may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. We may also share your personal data if the law otherwise allows it.
We may share personal data with the following categories third parties:
Suppliers and service providers (such as technology service providers, payment processing and fraud prevention providers, manufacturers and post and courier services);
auditors and professional advisers like bankers, lawyers, accountants and insurers; and
government, regulators and law enforcement.
We also share data with third parties connected to advertising, retargeting and analytics. Please see Cookies above, including the cookie list, for more information about who those third parties are.
We may also share data with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We share personal data with the following specific third parties:
Tailored Mail. We use their service to send our email marketing campaigns to prospective and current customers. Please visit their privacy policy.
Nimble, our CRM service provider. Please visit their privacy policy.
We may also share data with third parties to whom we mahttps://www.nimble.com/company/privacy/y choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
Payment information
MMI uses third-party payment processors and PayPal to process payments made for products and services via MMI’s websites. All online payments will be conducted in accordance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards (which are high!) and your billing information (which is only used by these payment processors for the purpose of performing fraud protection) is encrypted before being communicated to them. Subject to the below exceptions, your credit card details are communicated directly from your browser to these payment processors – MMI never sees your full Permanent Account Number (PAN). This means that the payment form is either off-site or displayed in a frame on the payment page.
If on the third-party processors’ payment page you have requested that your card details be remembered (it’s such a timesaver!) and the payment was successful, MMI stores the card type, a Masked PAN (only the first 6 and last 4 digits) and the card’s expiry date as well as an associated token. We store this information so that you and we can identify your stored card and use it for further payments at MMI. This stored information can be deleted via the payment form on the website should you wish to do so. We also store separately the last 4 digits and card type so that we can identify transactions made by a particular card.
For PayPal we only store the tokens required to identify the transaction with PayPal, issue refunds and identify transactions made using PayPal.
International transfers
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the European Economic Area (EEA), we will comply with applicable data protection law. Some of the mechanisms we may choose to use when undertaking an international transfer are:
The transfer of your personal data is to a country that has officially been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
We may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe (called the “EU Model Clauses”).
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. If the provider is not EU-US Privacy Shield certified, we may use the EU Model Clauses.
We share your personal data within MMI, which will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area. We do this using the EU Model Clauses.
Many of our external third-party providers are based outside the EEA, so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications (for example, the ability to sign in with Facebook). Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Data retention
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we must keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data; see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
If the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to you because you are in the European Union, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
The right to be informed – that’s an obligation on us to inform you how we use your personal data (and that’s what we’re doing that in this privacy policy);
The right of access – that’s a right to make what’s known as a ‘data subject access request’ for copy of the personal data we hold about you;
The right to rectification – that’s a right to make us correct personal data about you that may be incomplete or inaccurate;
The right to erasure – that’s also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’ where in certain circumstances you can ask us to delete the personal data we have about you (unless there’s an overriding legal reason we need to keep it);
The right to restrict processing – that’s a right for you in certain circumstances to ask us to suspend processing personal data;
The right to data portability – that’s a right for you to ask us for a copy of your personal data in a common format (for example, a .csv file);
The right to object – that’s a right for you to object to us processing your personal data (for example, if you object to us processing your data for direct marketing); and
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling – that’s a right you have for us to be transparent about any profiling we do, or any automated decision making.
These rights are subject to certain rules around when you can exercise them. You can see a lot more information on them, if you are interested, on the UK Information Commissioner’s Office website.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us (see How to contact MMI about privacy).
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details in How to contact MMI about privacy below.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
How to contact MMI about privacy
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or would like to exercise any of your rights, please email us at privacy@sales-lead-experts.com or write to us with your letter addressed to: Data Privacy Manager, Mac McIntosh Inc., 601 Pendar Rd., North Kingstown RI 02852 USA.
Changes to this privacy policy
The GDPR is new and the ICO is still issuing new bits of guidance about how European Economic Area So, you may see some updates to our privacy policy over the coming months.
This privacy policy was last updated on May 25, 2018 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
Contact Mac for a Free Decision Maker Kit
Contact Form
Call 1-800-944-5553 or +1-401-294-7730
Email Mac at mcintosh@sales-lead-experts.com
M. H. "Mac" McIntosh is described by many as one of America's leading business-to-business sales and marketing consultants and marketing speakers. He is president of Mac McIntosh Incorporated, a marketing consulting firm specializing in helping companies get more high-quality sales leads and turn them into sales. More about Mac...
Mac's sage counsel input and direction was instrumental in obtaining our objectives for sales lead management... [read more]
Chris Chariton
Senior Director,
Digital Media Solutions at IHS
Mac has tremendous insight into how to create prospects and nuture them through a pipeline... [read more]
Karen Cariello
Associate Publisher
InsideCounsel
Mac spoke at Capterra's first-ever Software Marketing Conference, and he went above and beyond the call of duty... [read more]
Michael Ortner
Founder
CEO at Capterra
When it comes to the expertise and art of crafting lead generation and lead management strategies, Mac is the best in the industry... [read more]
Bruce Caswell
Vice President Marketing & Channel Development
UnityWorks! Media
When it comes to developing and managing sales and sales leads NO ONE is more knowledgeable... [read more]
Len Ganz
Manager of Strategic Accounts
Wellesley Information Services
No matter how many times I hear presentations by Mac McIntosh, I always learn something new... [read more]
Anya Ciecierski
Director of Marketing
CAL Business Solutions
Get Your Free Subscription to the Sales Lead Report™
If you're responsible for B2B marketing, lead generation or sales, this monthly newsletter is for you!
Events Calendar
« December 2020
»
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
About the CompanyMeet Mac McIntosh
Types of Clients
Client Testimonials
Contact Mac
Sales Lead Report Newsletter
Licensing Info
Privacy Policy
Looking for a Demand Generation Agency or Lead Generation Services?
Visit our sister company AcquireB2B.
Top Pages Home
Business-to-Business Marketing Consulting
Marketing Speaker
Learning Center
Downloads
About
Contact Us
Licensing Info
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Connect twitter/B2B_Sales_Leads
View my profile on LinkedIn
Sales Lead Report - Sign up for my FREE newlsetter
Sales Lead Insights - The B2B Marketing Blog by Mac McIntosh - Fresh ideas for B2B Marketers
AcquireB2B - Our sister company, a demand generation agency
Copyright 2001-2018. M.H. McIntosh
All rights reserved.
Contact M.H. (Mac) McIntosh:
The Business-to-Business Sales Lead Expert™
mcintosh@sales-lead-experts.com
+1-800-944-5553
+1-401-294-7730
601 Pendar Road
North Kingstown, RI, USA
02852-6620