http://www.saxobank.com/legal/protection-of-client-funds/protection-of-retail-client-funds
Products
Platforms
Accounts
Inspiration
About
Support
For institutions Login Open account International By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Okay CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 71% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. Show more CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 71% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs, FX or any of our other products work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Show less
View Legal Menu
Account Forms
Compliance
Other forms and documents
SaxoSelect SaxoSelect DisclaimerRisk disclosure
Security Guidelines
General Business Terms
Protection of Client Funds
Key Information Documents
Disclaimer
Risk Warning
Copyright
Privacy at Saxo Privacy PolicyGDPR Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Cookie Policy
Payment Instructions
Non-independent Investment Research
Saxo Bank Licenses
MiFID
Whistleblowing
Complaints
Inspiration
Saxo Bank Italia Protection of retail client fundsSaxo Bank is a member of the Danish Guarantee Fund. In the event that a Danish bank (including Saxo Bank) should suspend its payments or go into bankruptcy, client deposits are guaranteed by the Fund with up to EUR 100,000 for cash deposits. Cash deposits are calculated as the net free deposit after deduction of any debt to the bank.As a general rule, securities will not be affected by the suspension of payment or compulsory winding-up and will be returned to the client. In the event that a Danish bank (including Saxo Bank) is unable to return securities held in safe-custody, administered or managed, the Guarantee Fund will cover with up to EUR 20,000 per client.The Guarantee Fund For further information on the Guarantee Fund and the coverage as well as an updated list of the Guarantee Fund Members, please click here.Protection of Institutional client funds Protection of cash in case of Saxo Bank’s Default:Institutional clients are, due to their status as licensed financial institutions, not covered for cash in case of Saxo Bank’s default. Cash in this regard includes the netted value of derivative positions.Protection of securities in case of Saxo Bank’s Default:All securities held with Saxo Bank will be returned to the White Label Client if they are retrievable from Saxo Bank’s custodian.That the securities are retrievable is ensured by the requirement of section 72 of the Danish Act on Financial Services, which imposes on Danish banks to ensure that, the client’s rights to their securities are at all times protected, also in case of a default.Please note that your funds are protected under the Guarantee Fund whichever classification status you hold with Saxo Bank.
XYour browser cannot display this website correctly.Our website is optimised to be browsed by a system running iOS 9.X and on desktop IE 10 or newer. If you are using an older system or browser, the website may look strange. To improve your experience on our site, please update your browser or system.