https://www.sawbones.com/privacy-policy
Sawbones website uses cookies to ensure you receive the best experience we can provide. Any use of our site indicates that you accept our cookie policy. You can learn more about cookies on our Cookie Policy page.
Allow Cookies
Home
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is a top concern for us. We want you to get the most out of Sawbones' Web site. Having a truly personal experience entails sharing some personal information with us and we want you to feel comfortable and trust that we make every effort to protect your confidentiality. Please take a few minutes to read our complete policy so you can understand how information is used and the specific measures we take to protect your personal information.
Short Version
We collect anonymous statistics about your visit, like which of our pages you viewed to help us improve the overall experience of our site and products.
Some 3rd parties like Facebook and Twitter may know you visited this website, if you use their services. We can’t control them but we don’t believe this knowledge poses any threat to you.
Your data is protected through various security means that you can read more about below.
If you sign up with us (by creating an account) we take great care to keep your information safe and we’ll never share it with others without your express permission.
We never share your data with 3rd parties except to help us deliver our own services.
These are just the key points. If you would like more details, please see below:
Our Pledge to You
We will do our very best to protect your personal privacy.
We will never sell your personal information to anyone.
We will never individually identify you to third parties without your consent.
We will clearly state why we are collecting personal information and how it will be used.
We will keep this policy as well as our privacy practices and systems up to date.
You have control over how your personal information is used.
You can inspect and edit your complete personal profile.
Measuring our Visitors
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.
Facebook, Twitter and other Social Networks
These services provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our website – such as the “Like” and “Tweet” buttons.
To do so we embed code that they provide and we do not control ourselves. To function their buttons generally know if you’re logged in; for example Facebook use this to say “x of your friends like this”. We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.
Social networks therefore could know that you’re viewing this website, if you use their services (that isn’t to say they do, but their policies may change). As our website is remarkably inoffensive we imagine this is not a concern for most users.
If You Create an Account
When you sign up for any of our services, we will record specific personal information about you, such as your name and email address and other information that allows us to provide our services to you.
We will also collect and store information about your use of our services so as to improve them. For example, we keep a log of what features are being used at any time.
We also log account and transaction history for accounting purposes, and to monitor our business activities.
Security
We have installed a number of security measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information:
Sawbones has developed a registration/sign in process so that your personal profile is password protected. You are the only one who has access to your personal information. You should always log out when you’re done with your session to ensure that others cannot access your account.
Your membership information lives on a separate database server that sits behind this firewall. We safeguard your information with an encryption technology called Secure Socket Layer (SSL). SSL encryption protects any personal information you send over the Internet by making it difficult for that information to be deciphered by any systems other than the ones we use at Sawbones.
Sawbones has developed a registration/sign in process so that your personal profile is password protected. You are the only one who has access to your personal information. You should always log out when you’re done with your session to ensure that others cannot access your account.
Email and Communication
We may send you email notifications regarding our service (such as invoices, reminders and notifications) or which you have specifically requested (such as newsletters). You have the ability to opt out of newsletters at any time but the notifications are part of the service we provide to keep you updated about your orders.
We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services, as detailed above.
IP Addresses
An Internet Protocol address is a unique string of numbers assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). All computers must have an IP address in order to connect to the Internet. This address may be the same every time you log on or a different number may be assigned each time you connect. User IP addresses are used by our Web server logs to count the number of users who visit different pages. We do not use this IP information in any other system.
Cookies
Sawbones uses cookies only for your convenience, to allow you to easily move through "members-only" pages after login once per session. Without cookies, you would need to log in each time you browse to another members-only page.
A "cookie" is a small line of text that is stored with your Web browser when you visit a cookie-enabled Web site. The text can contain an identification code (such as "userID=28347234") or user preferences (such as "myFont=Helvetica"). As you browse the Web, cookie-enabled sites will send cookies to your browser along with Web pages; your browser has options that will let you control whether the browser accepts cookies, rejects cookies, or notifies you each time a cookie is sent to you.
If your browser is set to reject cookies, cookie-enabled Web sites will not recognize you when you return. This provides you with anonymity, but it also makes it very difficult to offer you customized services. It is also less secure than using cookies, because all of your specific data must be sent to the Web site each time you view a page. Accepting cookies means your private data can stay at the Web server, and the only information going over the Internet is your ID cookie.
If your browser is set to accept cookies, any cookies that are sent to your browser are stored in your computer for a period of time. A "session" cookie is stored only in your computer's working memory ("RAM"), and only lasts for your browsing session. When you close all of your browser's windows, or when you shut down your computer, the session cookie disappears forever. A "permanent" cookie is stored on your computer's hard drive until a specified date (could be tomorrow, next week or 10 years from now). Permanent cookies stay on your computer until either: a) they expire, b) they are overwritten with newer cookies, or c) you manually remove them.
You can read more about cookies here.
Information Collected by Sawbones
You're not required to submit any personal information to use the Sawbones Web site when you are not logged in to your registered account. However, you may choose to join Sawbones to save time when you place orders and to provide you with a more personalized experience. If you wish to take advantage of these membership services, we will ask you to provide us with some personal information.
We collect information in the following areas:
Registration
What Information Is Collected
E-mail address, password, first name, and last name, customer number.
How the Information Is Used
Registration information is primarily used to provide you with a more personalized experience and to create a secure environment for you to share personal information. The information may be used for general reporting, but you will never be personally identified.
E-mail address is required for login and is used to send you a registration confirmation message or to contact you when necessary (for example, if there's a question about your order).
Password is required for login. It’s your key to access your personal information on Sawbones.com. You are the only one who has access to your password. We recommend that you keep any references to it in a safe place, choose a password that would be hard for others to guess (don't use anything obvious, like your birthday), and change it often.
First and last name are used to personalize your experience at Sawbones.com.
Customer number gives you access to your company’s proprietary products list and allows you to use Purchase Orders.
Online Orders
What Information Is Collected
Shipping information including: First name, middle initial, last name, company/care of, address 1, address2, city, state/province, zip code, country, phone, phone extension, fax, shipping preference, your shipping account number, comments/questions.
Billing information including: First name, middle initial, last name, company/care of, address 1, address2, city, state/province, zip code, country, phone, phone extension, fax, name on credit card, credit card type, credit card number, purchase order number.
Order history including: Products ordered online, quantity, price.
How the Information Is Used
Shipping information, billing information, and order history are collected only to make placing orders easier for you. It will save you the hassle of entering all the necessary information each time you place an order.
We may use the contact information such as e-mail, phone or fax to contact you if we have questions about your order.
We save your order history so you can view past order details and check order status.
E-mails You Send Customer Service
What Information Is Collected
Your e-mail comments and questions.
How the Information Is Used
All user comments and questions are archived and available for employees to read and learn from. Our Customer Service staff may redirect your questions to the Sawbones' experts or staff best suited to answer them. We may quote a user publicly, but only with prior consent from the user.
Your Frequent Orders
What Information Is Collected
Products that you order most frequently.
How the Information Is Used
We save a list of products you order frequently in order to save you from having to search for products each time you come to our site. Products are saved to you list only when you elect to save them.
We may use the contact information such as e-mail, phone or fax to contact you if we have questions about your order.
We save your order history so you can view past order details and check order status.
Your Frequent Orders
What Information Is Collected
Products that you order most frequently.
How the Information Is Used
We save a list of products you order frequently in order to save you from having to search for products each time you come to our site. Products are saved to you list only when you elect to save them.
Children
We do not sell products to, or allow registration for, anyone under 18 years of age.
External Links
Sawbones contains links to other Web sites for your benefit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites. We recommend that you carefully read their privacy policies, especially if you’re asked to supply personal information.
Partner Relationships
We don't currently share data with anyone. If we partner with another company, then:
Sawbones has developed a registration/sign in process so that your personal profile is password protected. You are the only one who has access to your personal information. You should always log out when you’re done with your session to ensure that others cannot access your account.
Your information will not be shared with them unless you explicitly opt-in to the program.
Their use of your information will be governed by this privacy policy.
This privacy policy will be updated to reflect the new relationship.
Choices/Opt-In and Opt-Out
We do not send you any information you don't specifically request, other than an initial welcome message we e-mail when you join Sawbones.
It's up to you to decide what, if any, information you wish to provide us. If you do provide us with personal information, we allow you to update or modify that information at any time.
All you have to do is click on the link to Your Account located near the top of all pages on the site. Your Account page provides you with a variety of links to update your information.
If you want to have your entire account deleted, e-mail us at info@sawbones.com. Or send mail to:
Pacific Research LaboratoriesP.O. Box 409Vashon, WA 98070USA
Contact Us
If you have questions about our privacy policy and practices contact us at info@sawbones.com. Or send mail to:
Pacific Research LaboratoriesP.O. Box 409Vashon, WA 98070USA
Top
item(s) in your cart
Go to Checkout