http://www.cirba.com/legal/privacy
Legal Privacy Policy
Densify™ Privacy Policy
Last modified on December 5, 2018
Data We Collect
Cirba Inc. d/b/a Densify is committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect your personal data for business purposes in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our websites, complete webforms, and in connection with other activities, services, events, features, or resources we make available. You may be asked to provide, as appropriate, personal data including name, email address, company, title, phone number, address, and information on your cloud infrastructure. You may, however, visit our websites and interact with us anonymously. We will collect your personal information only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You may always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except when it is necessary and required to provide certain services.
Online Navigational Data
We collect anonymous usage data on our websites, such as IP address, referring site, and browser type. We also use cookies to personalize your experience. We do not correlate this data with personally identifiable information except when you have given your explicit consent or for security and legal purposes, such as preventing data theft.
You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies and to alert you when cookies are being stored. If you choose to refuse cookies, the functionality of some portions of our websites may be limited.
With your explicit consent, our websites may also use webforms and other data collection, storage, and correlation tools and methods to enhance your experience by collecting and leveraging personally identifiable information.
How We Use Data We Collect
Densify may collect and use your personally identifiable information for the following business purposes:
To personalize your experience: We may use information to understand how you use the services and resources we provide online and elsewhere.
To improve our websites, offerings, and services: We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To communicate with you: We may use your contact information to send you communication and updates pertaining to your interests. Your contact information may also be used to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If you choose to provide your email address, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails and communication, we include an unsubscribe link within each email.
How We Manage & Store Data
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal data to others. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and administer activities on our behalf, such as sending email. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes only, provided that you have given us your consent.
How We Secure Data
We have adopted appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to prevent unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of information under our control. Only authorized personnel are allowed physical and/or digital access to servers and data. All servers and data backups are kept secure from physical and electronic intrusion by use of firewalls and redundant security systems, which are periodically evaluated and upgraded. Additional information about Densify security practices is available at www.densify.com/security.
Managing Your Data, Opting Out, & Unsubscribing
We make it easy for you to manage your email subscriptions, update your personal data, or unsubscribe with a link within each email and webpage. At any time, you may request to review your data or that we delete it. Please email privacy@densify.com with any questions related to your personal data.
Changes & Updates to this Privacy Policy
Densify may update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the beginning of this page. We encourage you to frequently check www.densify.com/privacy for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using our websites, you agree to these terms.
You are explicitly giving Densify additional consent to enhance your experience by collecting and leveraging personally identifiable information when you select “I consent” in the Privacy Policy section of our webforms, opting in at an event, or consenting via a designated Densify consent form.
Contacting Densify
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at privacy@densify.com.
Start Optimizing Your Cloud & Container Costs
Start Your Trial Begin Managing Your Hybrid Cloud & Container Costs
Connect to Densify and begin optimizing your cloud and container infrastructures for free. An assigned Cloud Advisor is available at your convenience to accelerate your value.
Start Your Trial
Request a Demo Start with a 1:1 Cloud Optimization Consultation
Get a personalized demonstration by one of our Cloud Advisor technical experts and see how to improve the alignment between your apps and their environments.
Register Now
We’re glad you are here! Densify customizes your experience by enabling cookies that help us understand your interests and recommend related information. By using our sites, you consent to our use of cookies. Learn more.
OK