http://www.gillette.com/en-us/store-policy
SHOP POLICY
Introduction and Acceptance Of Terms
Modification of Agreement
Severability
Privacy
Your Account
Payment Options
Making a Purchase
Order Acceptance Policy
Order Limitation Policy
Pricing and Availability
Product Descriptions
Backorder Policy
Mobile
Gillette™ Subscription
Problems Processing Orders
Cancelling Subscriptions
Subscribe and Get Every 4th Order Free Offer Terms
Refer a Friend
Personalized Razor
Last Updated 7/19/2019
Introduction and Acceptance Of Terms
This website offers consumers a convenient way to find, learn about, and purchase products from Gillette ( “we,” ” us,” or “our”). We provide this website (the “Site”) subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “Agreement”). The terms of this Agreement apply whether you are just visiting the Site or are a registered Account user (as described below). By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement and that you agree to be bound by all of its terms. If you do not agree to all of the terms set forth in this Agreement, please do not use the Site.
Your use of this Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Ohio, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Site shall be in the state or federal courts located in Hamilton County, Ohio.
In accordance with our Gillette Store Policies, to make a purchase online, you must be a legal resident of the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age.
Modification of Agreement
We may modify this Agreement or other policies set forth on the Site from time to time. When we modify this Agreement, we will update the “Last Updated” line above. It is your responsibility to regularly review this Agreement. Your use of the Site following the posting of an updated Agreement constitutes your acceptance of such updated Agreement.
Severability
If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.
Privacy
Your use of the Site is also subject to our Privacy Notice.
Your Account
The use of certain services on the Site requires the user to have established a user account (an “Account”). There is no charge to establish or maintain an Account, and an Account is required to make a purchase from the Site. In order to establish an account, you must:
Provide us with a valid e-mail address, and such other information as we may require from time to time;
Create a password; and
In accordance with our Gillette Store Policies, to make a purchase online, you must be a legal resident of the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s) and for restricting access to your computer, and for all activities that occur under your Account or password. We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account or password, either with or without your knowledge. You agree to be responsible for losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your Account and/or password either with or without your knowledge. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account and/or password(s) and any other breach of security relating to the Site. You agree that any information you provide to us will be current, accurate and complete and that you will keep such information up to date by notifying us of any changes.
We reserve the right to terminate any Account at any time in our sole discretion, including without limitation for any failure to comply with these Terms of Use, any fraud or abuse, or any misrepresentation that you or anyone using your Account may make to us.
Payment Options
WE CURRENTLY ACCEPT THE FOLLOWING PAYMENT METHODS
VISA
MasterCard
Discover Card
American Express
PayPal
Making a Purchase
If you wish to purchase products or use certain services described on the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information, including but not limited to credit card or other payment information. You agree that all information that you provide to us will be accurate, complete and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or any other user of your Account and/or any credit card or other payment mechanism issued to you, including without limitation any applicable taxes and shipping, handling and processing charges, if any, relating to such purchases and transactions. Credit card orders shipped to a location other than your billing address may require additional verification. Tax is collected only on orders shipped to AL, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS, MO, NE, NV, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WV, WI, WY.
We only sell products to individuals who can purchase with a permitted payment method.
You are permitted to purchase products or services via the Site only for personal use and not for resale. We may in our discretion refuse and/or cancel any order that we believe may lead to the resale of products or services ordered from us. We make no promise that products and services described on the Site are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Accessing this Site from territories where its contents are unlawful is prohibited. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the purchase, possession and use of any product or service ordered via the Site.
We reserve the right to refuse to process or complete any transaction, and to cancel any transaction, in our sole discretion.
Order Acceptance Policy
The advertisement of any product on this Site does not constitute an offer to sell. Your order or your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed are subject to additional credit verification. We may also require additional verifications or information before shipping any order.
Order Limitation Policy
Given the popularity of some products, we reserve the right to limit the quantities of items that can be purchased.
Pricing and Availability
All prices and availability of products are subject to change without notice, up until the order is completed and confirmed. We make every effort to provide you the most accurate information on pricing and availability.
In addition, some of the items on our web site may be incorrectly priced or no longer available at the time you place your order.
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price, we have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price. If an item’s correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship you the item. If an item’s correct price is higher than our stated price, we will cancel your order and notify you of the price error and order cancellation. You will, of course, have an opportunity to purchase the item at the correct price, if you so wish.
If an item you have ordered is not available because it is temporarily out of stock, we will handle the issue as described in our Backorder Policy. If we do not believe that we will be able to fill your order at any time (such as, for example, if the product has been discontinued), we will notify you of the same by email and we will cancel your order for that item.
Product Descriptions
We try our best to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that the product descriptions or other content of this Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. The colors you see will depend on your monitor and we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. All features, content, specifications, sizes and prices of products and services described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions may be approximate and are provided for convenience only. Packaging may vary from that shown. If a product offered by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it unopened in its original packaging in accordance with the Return Policy and Return Procedures.
Backorder Policy
Although we make every attempt to have items in stock, occasionally items may be temporarily out of stock. If any item in your order is out of stock and we will be unable to ship it to you within 30 days of the date of your order, we will notify you of the delay, and you will have the opportunity to cancel the order if you wish by following the directions specified in the notice. If the item remains out of stock for a period of 60 days from the date of your order, we will cancel the order for the item, unless you request that we keep the order open and fill it later. If you receive a cancellation notification and would like us to keep the order open, please contact us by following the directions specified in the notice.
Mobile
The Gillette program may offer features and services that are available to you via your mobile phone. These features and services may include, without limitation, the ability to browse Web sites from your mobile device and receive messages (collectively, the "Mobile Features"). We may charge for Mobile Features and these charges will be disclosed prior to completion of registration for the Mobile Feature. Also, standard messaging, data and other fees may be charged by your carrier. Fees and charges will appear on your mobile bill or be deducted from your pre-paid balance. You are responsible for any mobile data fees and other third-party charges you may incur (for example, fees that may be charged by your carrier) in connection with your access and use of the Mobile Features. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain Mobile Features and certain Mobile Features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues.
You shall have a mobile communications subscription with a participating carrier or otherwise have access to a mobile communications network for which we make the Mobile Features available. You shall provide all equipment and software necessary to connect to the Mobile Features, including, but not limited to, a mobile hand set or other mobile access device that is in working order and suitable for use, as determined in our sole discretion.
You agree that the Mobile Features for which you are registered may send communications to your mobile device regarding Gillette or other parties. As applicable, instructions on how to opt-out of certain Mobile Features or receive help are disclosed during registration.
Gillette Subscription
Gillette Subscription Policies
The Gillette Subscription program offers the convenience of automatically delivering products you select right to your door on a schedule you set. The Gillette Store may also offer discounts and other promotions such as free shipping on items available as a subscription.
Gillette Price & Promotions
The final cost of each subscription order may vary. We will provide you with the total estimated cost for each subscription order. The estimated cost will be the cost of the item on the day we send you an email notice confirming your subscription order plus sales tax, if any. Applicable discounts or promotions in effect at the time we confirm the price of your subscription order will be applied to your order.
Payment Methods
WE CURRENTLY ACCEPT THE FOLLOWING PAYMENT METHODS FOR SUBSCRIPTION ORDERS:
VISA
MasterCard
Discover Card
American Express
PayPal
Subscription Processing and Notification
Your first shipment of each Gillette Subscription order you place will be processed immediately after you sign up. The billing and shipping addresses chosen for your initial order will be saved in your account and used on all future orders.
For recurring orders on subscription, we will send you email reminders to update you of your next shipments and any modifications to the item's price or stock. Your Gillette Subscription email reminders will be sent 10 days prior to the processing of your recurring order. You will have a chance to review and make changes to your Subscription delivery at any time, but changes need to be made up to 24 hours before the scheduled order date to avoid being billed for your next order.
You will also receive a shipping confirmation email once your package has left the warehouse. The estimated billing amount will be included. The total estimated cost will be the cost of the item plus sales tax, if any. Applicable discounts or promotions in effect at the time we confirm the price of your subscription order will be applied to your order.
Subscription orders scheduled to be processed over the weekend or a holiday will be placed on the next business day.
Unless you make changes to delay or cancel your order, we will charge your selected payment method on the day we process your order. Once an order has been processed and shipped, it is considered the property of the customer and the customer will be billed based on the amount estimated in the order confirmation e-mail. The items may only be returned in accordance with our return policy set forth in the FAQ.
Problems Processing Orders
If any problems arise with the payment method associated with your subscription order, we will notify you via e-mail using the address associated with your Gillette account requesting that you resolve the problem. No additional orders will be processed or shipped until the problem has been resolved.
If a Gillette Subscription item is no longer available, we will notify you and automatically cancel your subscription for that item. No additional orders associated with that subscription will be fulfilled.
You may update your shipping & billing and/or your preferred payment method at any time.
Cancelling Subscriptions
Your subscription and any related Gillette Subscription discount(s) will remain in effect until you cancel your subscription. You can cancel scheduled Gillette Subscription orders at any time.
If you want to cancel an order from the Gillette Subscription program, you can do so up to 24 hours before your recurring order is scheduled to be processed without being billed. Your cancellation will immediately go into effect and you will no longer be charged for the subscription item which was cancelled.
If it is not cancelled one business day prior to the scheduled order date, your items may be shipped and billed based on your account information for that subscription item. Once an item ships, and the shipment and billing is confirmed via e-mail, the items may only be returned in accordance to our return policy set forth in the FAQ.
Subscribe and Get EVERY 4th Order FREE* Offer Terms
Free order credits will be earned and awarded for each new, unique blade subscription plan starting with the first paid blade order via Gillette. Each paid blade order will count towards 4th order free.
ORDER is defined as a paid transaction that is completed in a single session.
COUNT is based on number of unique paid blade orders in a given counting cycle.
Previous purchases from Gillette Shave Club will not be eligible for 4th order free, nor be eligible to be counted towards 4th order free.
Free order credit is earned after 3 qualified orders are counted.
Earned free order credit will be equal to the lowest paid blade item bought during the counting period and will be awarded immediately after shipment of the 3rd paid order.
Returned paid blade orders will not count towards 4th order free eligibility. When this occurs, the subscription holder will have their eligible order accounts reduced based on the number of orders returned during the counting cycle.
The 3rd order of each counting cycle that triggers FREE 4th order cannot be returned.
Free order credit may only be applied toward the future purchase of blades.
Free order credit will be automatically applied to the 4th order of a counting cycle and cannot be carried forward.
4th FREE order credit cannot be combined with any other offer at the point of redemption (excludes free shipping).
All credits have no cash value, are non-transferable, and you have no property rights to these credits. Credits to your program account will be decreased or reversed, as applicable, if part or all of the purchase is returned or cancelled or if the credit is obtained through fraudulent or other activity that violates these offer terms. The sale, barter, transfer, or assignment of any rewards or benefits offered through the 4th Order Free Program, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.
Refer a Friend
When a referrer (“Advocate”) informs a referee (“Friend”) about Gillette, they receive a $5 credit off their next order if the Friend subscribes to a shave plan. The Friend will also receive $5 off their first order.
How it Works
The Advocate can participate in the Refer A Friend (“RAF”) Program by sending emails to Friends or sharing their unique RAF Program link to Friends via Facebook or Twitter. For emails, the Advocate must fill out the requested information in the RAF Program page and click “Send email.” We do not reuse or sell the names or emails of Friends that the Advocate shares with us. For Facebook and Twitter, the Advocate must fill out the requested information in the RAF Program Share page and click “Share on Facebook” and/or “Share on Twitter”, respectively.
Once a Friend clicks on the unique link provided in the Advocate email or posted in the Advocate’s Facebook or Twitter page, the Friend will receive an invitation with instructions on how to order on Gillette. For the Advocate to receive the discount, the Friend must: (1) order on Gillette; (2) have their first order charged to their credit card; and (3) have first order shipped. Within 5 days after the Friend’s order is confirmed, the Advocate will receive an email to let them know their $5 reward credit has been applied to their account. The Gillette credit will be automatically applied to the Advocate’s next order that is greater than or equal to $5 (before shipping & tax). If the Friend cancels or returns their first order, the Advocate’s credit will be lost. The Friend will automatically receive a $5 discount off of their first order from Gillette if they registered through an Advocate’s RAF link. Credit cannot be combined with other promotional offers and RAF credits are not applicable when using guest checkout.
Please note that the RAF Program email, Facebook and Twitter posts must clearly state that the Advocate and Friend are eligible to receive a reward if the Friend subscribes and makes their first purchase from Gillette. Unfortunately, if the Advocate does not disclose this information, they may be unable to participate in the current RAF Program, future programs, and may be required to give up any credits acquired as a result of your participation in the RAF Program. For every qualifying Friend that orders from Gillette and has their first order shipped, a $5 credit will be applied to the Advocate’s next subscription balance until the balance is depleted. The Advocate is eligible up to 100 conversions within a one calendar year period. Reward credits are non-transferable and have no cash value. If the Advocate cancels their account, they lose any accumulated reward credits.
Refer a Friend Requirements
Both the Advocate and Friend have to be 18 years old or older and have an active Gillette account to participate in the Gillette RAF Program. The RAF Program is valid for residents of the 50 U.S. States and D.C. only. Void outside the 50 U.S. states, D.C. & where prohibited. Not valid in Canada. Program reward credits are subject to verification at Gillette’s sole discretion and are limited to credit on Gillette. Unfortunately, if these criteria are not met, both the Advocate and Friend may be unable to participate in the current RAF Program, future programs, and may be required to give up any credits acquired as a result of their participation in the RAF Program. All taxes and shipping fees apply. Terms and Conditions, features, pricing, fees, availability, service and support options are subject to change without notice and at any time. The Advocate and Friend agree that they are participating in the RAF Program at their own risk and, to the fullest extent permitted under U.S. law, in no event will Gillette be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or any other type of damages related to or arising from the RAF Program or participation in the RAF Program.
Personalized Razor
Personalize a razor for yourself or someone else as a gift by designing an image or uploading a picture to be printed on a razor handle. Customized designs include choosing background, color, entering text and more.
How it Works
Design or upload a picture that is at a minimum 766px in height and 404px wide. Users submitting custom designs will be asked to agree to Terms and Conditions User Submission guidelines and confirm ownership of the image submitted and that it does not include any trademarks, offensive or objectionable content. Once confirmed by checking the box, the image can no longer be viewed or edited. Note that actual printing result may vary from what is seen on the screen due to different settings and/or technology used. The submitted image to be printed on a razor is subject to verification that it is compliant with the Terms and Conditions User Submission guidelines. If these criteria are not met, the order will be cancelled.
Sales are final. All taxes and shipping fees apply. Terms and Conditions, features, pricing, fees, availability, service and support options are subject to change without notice and at any time. User acknowledges that he/she, not P&G, is responsible for the contents of any submission(s). None of the submissions that you upload shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of P&G, its third party service providers and agents, or their respective directors, officers and employees.
×
OK
Sign up for Gillette emails to receive exclusive offers and updates.
Email Address
By proceeding, I agree to receive emails from Gillette and other trusted P&G brands and programs. Click to read P&G Terms & Conditions and P&G Privacy Policy.