https://www.interfolio.com/accessibility-policy/
Skip to content
Products
Faculty Information System
Lifecycle Management
Faculty Search
Review, Promotion & Tenure
Faculty Activity Reporting
Data Service
Researchfish
Dossier
Challenges
Services
Services Overview
Implementation Overview
Help & Support
About Us
Our Company
Clients
Data
Client Committees
Careers
Contact
Resources
News & Events
Get a Demo
Log In
Search
Previous
Next
Accessibility Policy
Last updated on May 1, 2020
Interfolio is committed to ensuring that our platform is usable and accessible. Our platform is designed and developed with the goal of compliance with the internationally recognized Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1 Level AA as well as the Section 508 standards in the United States. The code and user interface design techniques are continually audited to ensure that the platform is usable by everyone, to the greatest extent possible, regardless of age, ability or situation.
Contact Us
If you encounter an accessibility issue using our products or would like additional details about our compliance efforts, please contact us at: accessibility@interfolio.com.
We use cookies to enhance your experience when visiting our website. To find out more about cookies and how they are used, please review our Privacy Policy. XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.