https://www.ecommercetimes.com/perl/section/ect-privacy/
Convert more international customers by selling like a local with Digital River. Learn More »
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM
Welcome Guest | Sign In
Privacy
Business
Boardroom
Deals
Service Providers
Tech Law
Wall Street
E-Commerce
Analytics
Entertainment
Marketing
Online Advertising
Piracy
Search
Enterprise IT
Applications
Cloud Computing
Government
Infrastructure
Mobile
BYOD
Carriers
M-Commerce
Mobile Advertising
Security
Consumer Security
Cybercrime
Enterprise Security
Privacy
SMB
Social Media
Social Media Marketing
Social Networks
Trends
Expert Advice
Hot Topics
Opinions
Trailblazers
Reader Services
Account Management
Discussion
News Alerts
Newsletters
Reader Surveys
RSS /
Headline Feeds
Search ECT News Network
ECT News Network Map
CRM Buyer Site Map
E-Commerce Times Site Map
LinuxInsider Site Map
TechNewsWorld Site Map
December 11, 2020 12:55:49 AM PST
E-Commerce Times > Security
> Privacy
B2B Lead Generation Service
Reach key decision makers with sales-ready leads that shorten your sales process. Move the needle by delivering funnel qualified leads to your sales team. Learn more.
New Internet Protocol Aims to Give Users Control of Their Digital Identities
November 18, 2020
The @ Company wants to give you a more secure and human-centric Internet built on providing you with true ownership and control of your personal data. To that end, the company has launched an app built on its new privacy protocol. This new standard will attempt to change how online vendors and companies wheel and deal with the personal information of billions of Internet users.
Social Media Companies Top Data Grabber List
October 27, 2020
When it comes to an appetite for data, social media outfits are the most voracious, according to a recent study released by cybersecurity company Clario Tech. The analysis of nearly 50 of the world's biggest brands found that Facebook collects more than 70 percent of all the data it can collect legally about someone using its service.
Whom Can We Trust to Safeguard Healthcare Data?
October 20, 2020
Healthcare records were digitized to help prevent medical errors such as misdiagnoses and mistakes with medication, but electronic health records have made it easier for bad actors to steal patients' highly personal information. Cybercriminals are further motivated by the fact that patient medical records are worth up to 10 times more than credit card numbers on the Dark Web.
US E-Commerce Companies in the Dark on European Privacy Rules
September 11, 2020
The U.S. Commerce Department is attempting to negotiate an agreement that would help thousands of U.S. companies comply with policies designed to protect the personal privacy of European citizens. Until the issues are resolved, U.S. companies will be operating in a twilight zone over how to ensure the privacy of personal data they collect and process electronically from European sources.
Google's New Phone App Feature ID's Legit Business Calls
September 9, 2020
Google has taken a step toward controlling spam voice calls on Android devices with a new addition to its phone app. The "Verified Calls" feature will display a caller's name, logo, reason for calling and a verification symbol indicating a business has been verified by Google. The service will initially roll out in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, Spain and India, with more countries to follow.
California's Early Warning Quake Alerts to Be Standard on Android Phones
August 12, 2020
Earthquake alerts are being incorporated into Android, Google's mobile operating system. The feature will be included in a refresh of Google Mobile Services, so a full operating system upgrade won't be necessary. That means the new addition will be available to most Android users -- except those in China, which doesn't use GMS.
Google Clamps Down on Ads for Spyware, Stalkerware
July 14, 2020
Advertising for software and hardware designed to stalk and spy on people will soon be banned on Google. Promotion of products or services that are marketed or targeted with the express purpose of tracking or monitoring another person or their activities without their authorization will be prohibited on the platform starting Aug. 11.
John McAfee Emerges With Private Cell Phone Data Service
July 8, 2020
The Ghost Cell Phone Data Service is part of a larger ecosystem which includes McAfee's Ghost cryptocurrency and GhostX Exchange for private cryptocurrency exchange.
"The Ghost brand will encompass a range of practical, real world tools for people to protect our rights and take back our privacy," McAfee said. "Privacy is a human right."
Twitter's Security Blunder: More Dangerous Than You Think
June 29, 2020
Twitter had a data security problem last week that might sound trivial. Email addresses, phone numbers, and the last four digits of the credit cards used to buy ads on Twitter were left in browser cache after the transaction, and that cache was not secured. This may seem trivial, but the consequences could be far more significant than you might think. Let's explore how.
Macs Move to Apple Silicon Announced at WWDC
June 23, 2020
Apple's 2020 Worldwide Developers Conference will probably be known for two things: it was the first time the forum was staged virtually, and it's when Apple announced it would start making Macs based its own processor designs. "Now it's time for a huge leap forward for the Mac, because today is the day we're announcing that the Mac is transitioning to our own Apple silicon," Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the virtual keynote presentation.
Google Sued for Tracking Chrome Users While Incognito
June 5, 2020
Google is facing a class-action lawsuit for tracking people who used the Chrome browser's Incognito mode. Law firm Boies Schiller Flexner filed the complaint on behalf of people who used the privacy mode during the past four years. "Google tracks and collects consumers' history and other Web activity no matter what safeguards consumers undertake to protect their data privacy," it states.
Apple-Google Contact Tracing App Gets First Trial in Switzerland
May 29, 2020
Switzerland has launched a pilot program for SwissCovid, a contact tracing app based on Apple and Google's jointly developed APIs. The APIs will work with iOS 13.5 and devices running Android 6.0 or higher. The pilot involves several thousand workers at Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne, ETH Zurich, the Swiss Army, and staff at some hospitals and cantonal administrations.
How to Stay Safe on the Internet, Part 4: Fighting the Power
May 15, 2020
Category 2 adversaries are nothing to sneeze at, but their resources are finite. If you armor up enough, they will give up, and move onto an easier comparable target. In confronting the threat of category 3, everything you have learned ratchets up to a whole new level of paranoia. Category 3 adversaries have functionally unlimited resources for pursuing top targets.
How to Stay Safe on the Internet, Part 3: Drive the Black Hatters Mad
May 1, 2020
Like conventional criminals, criminal hackers choose easy, lucrative targets. One group in the crosshairs is made up of companies that have data on millions of users, such as private sector entities with a Web presence. Why go after one user at a time when data is collected in one place? Criminal hackers also like to hunt small organizations that have modest capital but weak information security.
UK Rejects Apple-Google Contact Tracing Approach
April 29, 2020
The UK's plans to launch a smartphone application to track potential COVID-19 infections won't include Apple and Google. The country's National Health Service has designed its own mobile software to do contact tracing of people exposed to the coronavirus. The NHS reportedly found that its own tech works "sufficiently well." The NHS chose a centralized model for its data collection and storage.
How to Stay Safe on the Internet, Part 2: Take Canaries Into the Data Mine
April 24, 2020
More than any other factor, it is our asset that determines our adversary. For most of us, our asset is the corpus of sensitive personal details used for online transactions. This all comes down to how much data an adversary can glean from you, and how thoroughly it can analyze it. If your data passes through some software or hardware, its developer or maintainer enjoys some measure of control.
How to Stay Safe on the Internet, Part 1
April 17, 2020
At this point, remarking that people now are more concerned about online privacy than ever before is not a novel observation. What's fascinating, though, is that interest in personal digital security has remained high since the issue exploded about seven years ago. In other words, instead of experiencing a short-lived spike, digital privacy awareness has been sustained. This is encouraging.
Contact Tracing Phone Apps: Health vs. Privacy
April 14, 2020
Google, Apple and MIT have made headlines with announcements of contact tracing mobile apps in the wings. Their purpose is to identify contacts of people who test positive for COVID-19 so appropriate actions can be taken to stem its spread.
However, a Cambridge University professor threw some cold water on those apps. The apps proposed by Google, Apple and MIT all have voluntary aspects to them.
The Pandemic's Toll on Privacy Laws
April 6, 2020
Life as we knew it before the coronavirus is gone forever, and many changes will manifest in the pandemic's aftermath. How will it impact privacy laws around the globe? No one knows for sure, and we will not know until after the coronavirus is behind us. Cybercriminals long have been taking advantage of the Internet, and now the spread of COVID-19 has sped up their evil work.
Zoom's Soaring Popularity Is a Double-Edged Sword
April 1, 2020
As the coronavirus pandemic worsened in the U.S., Zoom Video Communications offered free access to its videoconferencing platform and demand skyrocketed. "Zoom has quickly become the de facto for teleconferencing during the COVID-19 pandemic," said James McQuiggan, security awareness advocate at KnowBe4. "A lot of organizations are using it to keep in contact with their employees."
Ask Siri if You Have the Coronavirus
March 24, 2020
Apple users wondering if they've caught COVID-19 now can ask digital assistant Siri for advice. The company has rolled out a self-screening feature that allows users to ask, "Hey Siri, do I have the coronavirus?" Siri then takes them through a questionnaire prepared by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and U.S. Public Health Service to determine if they're exhibiting symptoms of the disease.
VPN, Ad Blocker Provider Caught With Hand in the Data Jar
March 11, 2020
A number of VPN and ad-blocking apps owned by Sensor Tower, a popular analytics platform, have been collecting data from millions of people using the programs on their Android and iOS devices, according to a report. The software involved includes Free and Unlimited VPN, Luna VPN, Mobile Data,
Adblock Focus for Android devices, and Adblock Focus and Luna VPN for iOS hardware.
2020: The Year for Custom CX and Privacy
February 24, 2020
With the introduction of the CCPA this year and GDPR in 2018, the age of data privacy has begun, bringing the opportunity for businesses to harness it to gain competitive advantage. There are both challenges and opportunities for those that aim to deliver superior CX while adhering to data privacy regulations. Data privacy protection concerns are driving new regulations around the world.
ACLU Blasts Clearview's Facial Recognition Accuracy Claims
February 14, 2020
The American Civil Liberties Union has leveled criticisms against facial recognition tool developer Clearview for making misleading claims about the accuracy of its product. Clearview apparently has been telling law enforcement agencies that its technology underwent accuracy testing modeled on the ACLU's 2018 test of Amazon's Rekognition facial recognition tool.
Oops - Google May Have Sent Your Embarrassing Private Video to a Stranger
February 5, 2020
Google misdirected a number of private videos that users of its Google Photos app intended to back up to Google Takeout, sending them instead to strangers' archives. The company emailed affected users to inform them that a technical issue caused the error. Google recommended that affected users back up their content again and delete their previous backup.
From Personal to Planetary: ECT News Roundtable, Episode 4
January 30, 2020
We asked ECT News Network's roundtable of industry insiders to reflect on their own personal tech preferences, to speculate on what popular gadgets may vanish from use in the next decade, to consider the role of wearable health tools -- and then to expand the discussion to the health of the planet, tech advances in traveling on it, and the prospect of leaving it altogether.
COPRA May Be Coming, and It's Not Too Soon to Prepare
January 28, 2020
All eyes are on the West Coast as California reins in the unfettered collection, use and sale of the personal data consumers share as part of the bargain for "free" online services.
For years this bargain has been explained in privacy policies that few people read, because there is not a lot of negotiating in the personal data market. The CCPA gives consumers revolutionary rights.
Grabbing the Cybersecurity and Privacy Problems by the Horns: ECT News Roundtable, Episode 3
January 23, 2020
Cybersecurity and privacy threats aren't confined to the tech world. They've cast their pall on the world in general. Computer viruses, malware and data leaks have become commonplace, personal privacy has become a bad joke, and cyberwar looms like a virtual mushroom cloud. What sometimes gets lost in the gloom are the many ways security professionals have been working to shore up cyberdefenses.
Report: FBI Got Apple to Roll Over on iCloud Encryption
January 23, 2020
Apple shelved plans to give iPhone users control over encrypted backups stored on the company's iCloud service over concerns raised by the FBI and internal sources, according to a report. The company made the decision to retain control over iCloud encryption around two years ago, but it came to light just recently. The plan would have removed Apple's ability to decrypt users' backups.
Is Congress Finally Ready to Take On Cybersecurity?
January 23, 2020
The United States Congress made some significant progress this session when it comes to data privacy, but cybersecurity remains a blind spot for lawmakers. Congress currently is considering a national privacy law that mirrors legislation enacted in the European Union. It would allow people to access, correct and request the deletion of the personal information collected from them.
See More Articles in Privacy
Section >>
Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts
Which household chore would you most like to replace with a robot or autonomous device?
Cleaning Barbecue Grill
Cleaning Rain Gutters
Cleaning Swimming Pool
Cleaning Toilets
Cleaning Windows
Folding Laundry
Ironing Clothes
Mopping Floors
Mowing Lawn
Vacuuming Carpets
Vote to See Results
TechNewsWorld
Cyberthreat Hunter FireEye Hacked by Nation-State Attackers
Contact-Tracing Apps Flop in the US
Qualcomm's Powerful Preview of 2021's Premium Smartphones
Machine Learning Is Changing the Future of Software Testing
Facebook's Digital Currency Renamed Diem
VR Consumer Spending Growth Driven by Headsets: Report
Tech Gift Ideas to Help Tackle Your Holiday Shopping List
Snap's Spotlight Ups Ante on TikTok With $1M Daily Fund for Top Videos
CRM Buyer
Where to in 2021?
Salesforce Riffs on New Work Styles
The Great CRM Shift of 2020
Why Digital Transformation Is Essential to Improve Business Outcomes
How to Continue Winning Business During a Pandemic
Chat Commerce Driving Higher Revenue, Better CX
AvidXchange SVP Heather Caudill on the Quest to Ensure Customer Loyalty
I Might Differ
LinuxInsider
AntiX Linux: Not Pretty but Highly Functional
What Does the Penguin Say?
Servo Project Joins The Linux Foundation Fold
It Came From the Live-Boot: A True Linux Horror Story
Open Source Groups Merge for Better High-Tech Traction
AdGuard Home: Another Brick in the Ad-Blocking Wall
Open Source Jobs Report Shows More Openings, Fewer Takers
Open Source Defies Conflicts of Interest: Red Hat Tells All
POPULAR RESOURCES
The fast track to global sales
Convert more international customers by selling like a local with
Digital River.
What is the ROI of PIM?
Save money and get products to market faster with a PIM. Calculate your ROI now.
Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly
Access millions of
IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more.
E-Commerce Times Headlines
Inside E-Commerce Times
Cloud Computing
The Costly Consequences of Crashes in the Clouds
Salesforce to Acquire Slack in $27.7 Billion Deal
Federal Spurt in Cloud Spending Will Extend Well Into the Future
Enterprise IT
The Rise of Mobile Shopping Apps
The Pros and Cons of Dedicated Internet Access
Skills Shortage Rains on Cloud Advances
Exclusives
DevSecOps: Solving the Add-On Software Security Dilemma
SugarCRM Adds AI to Sweeten the Customer Experience Pot
CRM is Failing: It's Time to Transition to CXM
Expert Advice
Cybersecurity Assessment and the Zero Trust Model
7 Steps to Restoring Trust in Business Telephone Calls
How to Protect Mobile Apps Against Sneaker Bots
Hot Topics
Tech Firms Support Huawei Restriction, Balk at Cost
DoJ to Google: Try This Antitrust Suit on for Size
Amazon, Microsoft Commit to New Linux Foundation Climate Finance Foundation
Marketing
Online Grocers Must Modernize Digital Platforms to Thrive
Email Still Sells for Digital Marketers
The Strive to Survive a COVID-19 Holiday Shopping Season
Mobile
Amazon Pharmacy Opens for Business
Meal Kit Services Package Convenience With Sustainability
Consumers of All Ages Still Struggle on E-Commerce Sites
Security
'Scalper' Bots Hoarding Hottest Products from Consumers
'Tis the Season for Online Counterfeits
The Trials and Tribulations of Paying Ransomware Hackers
SMB
The Pandemic's Effect on Gift Giving: Is Your E-Commerce Business Ready?
Rural America Is the Next E-Commerce Frontier
The WFH Evolution of the Home Office
Social Media
Social Media Upstart Parler Tops App Store Charts
Aussies Mull State-Run Alternative to Facebook, Google
The Big Tech Regulation Rigamarole
Spotlight Features
25-Year Anniversary:
How Windows 95 Forever Changed Personal Computing
Retailers to Consumers: Let's Get 'Phygital'
Return of Remote Workers Brings New Challenges to IT Heads
Trends
The Best Hybrid Mid-Range SUV Might Surprise You
Student Inventor Wins Prize for Breast Cancer Screening Device
Apple's M1 ARM Pivot:
A Step Into the Reality Distortion Field
Publications
CRM Buyer
E-Commerce Times
LinuxInsider
TechNewsWorld
Newsletters
E-Commerce Minute
Tech News Flash
ECT News Network Weekly
Editor's Pick
Subscribe
Reader Services
Account Management
Discussion
Editorial Calendar
Linking Policy
Network Map
News Alerts
RSS / XML Feeds
Search ECT News Network
Company Info
About
Advertising
Business Development
Careers
Contact
Permissions
Reprint Information
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise
Copyright 1998-2020 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.