http://www.strachota.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy Please review this information carefully.
Our privacy policy.
Important information for your use of our website.
Contact Us
951-676-6000
info@strachota.com
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Strachota Insurance, Inc. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Strachota Insurance, Inc. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Strachota Insurance, Inc. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Strachota Insurance, Inc. does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s websites choose to interact with Strachota Insurance, Inc. in ways that require Strachota Insurance, Inc. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Strachota Insurance, Inc. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at this website to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Strachota Insurance, Inc. are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Strachota Insurance, Inc. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Strachota Insurance, Inc. Strachota Insurance, Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Use of Personal Data
Strachota Insurance, Inc. may collect aggregated statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Strachota Insurance, Inc. may monitor the most popular website account on this site. Strachota Insurance, Inc. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. Strachota Insurance, Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Strachota Insurance, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s behalf or to provide services available at Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Strachota Insurance, Inc. will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Strachota Insurance, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Strachota Insurance, Inc. believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Strachota Insurance, Inc., third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Strachota Insurance, Inc. website and have supplied your email address, Strachota Insurance, Inc. may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Strachota Insurance, Inc. and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Strachota Insurance, Inc. takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Strachota Insurance, Inc. uses cookies to help Strachota Insurance, Inc. identify and track visitors, their usage of Strachota Insurance, Inc. website, and their website access preferences. Strachota Insurance, Inc. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Strachota Insurance, Inc. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Strachota Insurance, Inc.’s sole discretion. Strachota Insurance, Inc. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is available under a Creative Commons Share-alike license.
See what our clients are saying about us!Read Our ReviewsQuick LinksContractor General Liability Quote
Risk Management Client Login
Popular Posts
5 Things You Didn’t Know About Life Insurance April 20, 2018
2 Questions to Ask Yourself About Medicare April 13, 2018
10 Reasons to Get Your Eyes Checked April 6, 2018
What Will Happen to Health Insurance Now? January 13, 2018
How Do Your Employees’ Benefits Stack Up? July 11, 2017
The next step is easy, call 951-676-6000
Or, Contact Us
About Strachota Insurance, Inc. We’re an independent insurance agency offering a comprehensive suite of insurance solutions to protect you from the unexpected.
We don’t just sell insurance. We work closely with clients to help them make important and informed decisions every day when it comes to protection and their future.
We offer comprehensive insurance solutions throughout California, including the Temecula Valley…and beyond.
Website Accessibility
Our Mission At Strachota Insurance, Inc., our mission is very simple. We strive to provide a true, concierge client experience which is unique in the insurance industry. We give clients the power of choice from top-rated national and regional insurance carriers.
Our Locations Temecula Office
27710 Jefferson Ave. Ste 100
Temecula, CA 92590
Northern CA Satellite Office
5179 Lone Tree Way
Antioch, CA 94531
Pennsylvania Satellite Office
Mount Joy, PA 17552
© 2020 Strachota Insurance Agency, Inc.
All rights reserved. | Privacy PolicyPowered by Forge3 ActiveAgency.
About
An Independent Agency
Meet Our Team
Insurance Partners
Client Testimonials
Careers
Personal
Home Insurance
Auto Insurance
Renters Insurance
Umbrella Insurance
See All
Business
Business Owners Insurance
Commercial Property Insurance
General Liability Insurance
Workers’ Compensation Insurance
See All
Life & Health
Group Health Insurance
Group Voluntary Benefits
Individual Life Insurance
Individual Health Insurance
See All
COVID-19
Contact
Temecula Office
Northern CA Satellite Office
Pennsylvania Satellite Office
Blog
Client Portal
Get Insurance Quote Now
View Power Panels
Important Announcement About Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Important Announcement About Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Read Announcement
Contact Us