http://www.lubys.com/privacy
Home
Order NowMenuLocationsCateringKid’s MealKidsFamily Packs To-GoeClubGift CardsCareersOur StoryCateringGroup DiningKidsFamily Packs To-GoCommunity ProgramsRecipesInvestorsFeedback
More Info:
CateringGroup DiningKidsFamily Packs To-GoCommunity ProgramsRecipesInvestorsFeedback
Our Privacy Policy
Luby’s, Inc. Privacy Statement
Luby’s Privacy Statement
Effective as of August 1, 2016
Luby’s provides this Privacy Statement to tell our customers and interested persons what information about
you we collect, how it is used, and how it is protected. This Privacy Statement applies to all websites and
domains owned and operated by Luby’s Fuddruckers Restaurants, LLC, including Luby’s, Fuddruckers,
Cheeseburger in Paradise and Luby’s Culinary Services.
Information Collection: Customers
We collect information from users of our digital or mobile applications, visitors to our website or customers at
our restaurants in several ways. We collect information from you logging in to our digital or mobile applications
or when you complete a signup form (a) in a participating restaurant, or (b) by registering online through our website.
The type of information we collect can vary depending on where you are on our site. Typically, we collect
"contact information," such as your name and physical or email address, telephone numbers, or other ways of
contacting you. For example, if you register for our Luby’s E-Club, we will ask you to provide us with your
contact information. We use this information to contact you.
Some places on our website may also ask you to provide additional information about you, such as the month and day of
your birth Some places on our website will also give you the option to provide "demographic" information
(such as your gender and zip code) to us. We encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more
personalized service, but if you choose not to provide such demographic information, you may still use other features
of our website. You may also see an opportunity to provide your cell phone number during the sign-up process, through
a separate email, or by other means such as signing up via text. By providing us with your cell phone number, you
are giving us permission to send you text (SMS) messages on your cell phone. Usual charges will apply to such messages.
Logging into Mobile Applications
When you log into our mobile application you will be asked whether you want the mobile application to remember you
(opting in). If you choose yes, the mobile application will remain logged into your information. At any time, you can
choose to opt-out by choosing the logout button on the application.
Uses of Customer Information
Luby’s will use the information that you have provided to contact you. For example, we may use it when responding
to email support requests and other direct requests for information from us. We may also use this information to contact
you with offers, newsletters, contests, updates, special promotions, and similar information which you have expressed
interest in receiving.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Luby’s will not rent, sell or otherwise provide the information that you provide to us to third parties for their
own marketing purposes. We contract with other companies to provide data entry and related website and marketing services
to help us manage our website and provide the features that you may request. For example, when you sign up for the
Luby’s E-Club, we share your enrollment information with our data entry company. Such companies have access to your
information only to provide these services to us and we prohibit them from using your information for any other purpose.
Additionally, we may share your information with our franchisees.
Sometimes, when we offer a promotion, we may use a third party vendor to fulfill promotions. Such a vendor may use your
information to fulfill the promotion, but we prohibit it from using your information for any other purpose. In the event
of a sale of our business, Luby’s may transfer all or substantially all of its assets or operations to another
organization. In so doing, we may disclose information we have collected from you to the buyer so that it can continue
to provide services to you. We will try to require the other organization to be bound by this policy.
Surveys or Contests
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys. Participation in these surveys
or contests is voluntary. If you participate, you will be asked to provide certain information from you such as contact
information, demographic information (such as zip code) and personal preference information (such as your opinions).
We use this information to better understand our customers or to administer the contest itself. You always have a
choice whether or not to disclose this information, although in some cases not disclosing the information may mean
that you choose not to participate in the contest or survey.
Luby’s may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests. Where we do, that company
is prohibited from using the information that you provide or any other information about you for any other purpose.
Opt-out/Unsubscribe
If you no longer wish to receive our communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions
included in each communication or by emailing us at privacy@lubys.com please include your email address and/or cell
phone number in the message along with the client you wish to unsubscribe from as well as write the word,
"unsubscribe" in the subject line. Alternatively, you may contact us at: Luby’s Fuddruckers Restaurants,
LLC, Attn: Privacy Dept. 13111 Northwest Freeway, Suite 600 Houston, Texas 77040.
Gift Cards
You may purchase gift cards on our website. When you purchase a gift card, you must provide us with billing information,
including a valid credit card account number, contact information, and information as to where to ship the gift card.
We use this information to process your purchase and have it delivered.
Children and our Kids Club
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act restricts the ability of commercial websites to collect and use
information from children under the age of 13. Luby’s E-Club membership is permitted only for those ages 13 and older.
Parents may register to receive birthday emails on behalf of their children, but we will never contact the child directly.
Information Collection and Use: Persons Interested In Becoming Franchisees
We collect information from persons interested in becoming a franchisee. We use the information that you provide in the
Franchise Information portion of our site, including our Get Franchise Information web form, to contact you in connection
with your interest in becoming a franchisee.
Cookies
When you use certain parts of our website, Luby’s may place a "cookie" on your computer to store and
sometimes track information about you. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on the hard drive of your
computer when you visit a website. They cannot damage user files, pass on computer viruses, or read personal information
from your computer’s hard drive. The only information that a cookie collects about you is information that you
supply as a visitor to our website. By accepting the cookies used on our website, we give us access to your browsing
behavior while on our website.
At Luby’s, we use cookies to make using our site easier and to measure traffic patterns on our website and similar
analytical purposes. For example, when you sign in to our website using your user name and password, we store your
information, and the time you signed in, in a cookie on your hard disk. This cookie allows you to move from page to
page at the site without having to sign in again on each page. We also may use cookies to track user traffic patterns,
which helps us understand whether our website meets our visitors’ needs and the usefulness of the website to our
visitors. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you
can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, your
ability to use some parts of our website and services that depend on cookies may be impaired.
Clear Gifs in Emails
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us
to gauge the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see
"Opt-out/Unsubscribe."
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose the information that you provide to us as required by law and when we believe that
disclosure is necessary to (a) protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
process served on our Company; (b) protect and defend Luby’s rights or property or the users our services; and
(c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our services or the public.
Links to Other Sites
We may send mails to you on behalf of another advertiser that is not owned or controlled by Luby’s. Please
be aware that Luby’s is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and do not exercise
authority over such web sites. If you choose to access a third party web site, you do so at your own risk.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If the information that you provide to us changes or otherwise, is incorrect, or if you no longer desire our service,
you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing
our Customer Support at privacy@lubys.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information
listed above. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before
granting access or making corrections.
Data Security
Luby’s has put in place technological and procedural security functions in order to protect the personal
information it collects, uses or transfers from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Luby’s uses firewalls
to help prevent outside parties from accessing our database server through the Internet, and physical access to the
database server is restricted to authorized individuals. When transferring personally identifiable information to
and from third parties Luby’s uses SSL and/or SFTP (Secure FTP).
Changes in this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material
changes to this policy, we will publicize such changes by means of a notice on our home page by providing thirty
(30) days notice to you by displaying a prominent notice, in all caps, above the text of the Privacy Statement.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
Email: privacy@lubys.com
Mail: Luby’s Fuddruckers Restaurants, LLC
Attn: Privacy Dept.
13111 Northwest Freeway,
Suite 600
Houston, Texas 77040
713-329-6800
restaurant
My Luby’s
San Antonio - Las Palmas Shopping Center
Today’s Hours: 11:00am - 9:00pm
2350-12 North Expressway #10942111 IH 35 South, Bldg PKaty, TX 77494
Phone: (281) 712-8027
restaurantToday’s Menu
homeView Location
drive_etaGet Directions
keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_down