http://www.pizzatools.com/content/PizzaTools/CustomPages/privacy.htm
PizzaTools: Pizza Pans, Pizza Disks, Cutters & Knives, Pizza Serving Tools, Dough Handling Tools, Accessories
Login/Register
| About Us
| FAQ
| Contact Us
| Testimonials
Pizza Pans & Trays
Baking Trays
Coupe Baking Trays
Perforated Baking Trays
Serving Trays
Cutter Pans
Cutter Pans Perforated
Quik-Disks
Large Quik-Disk 30
Original Quik-Disk 40
Hex Quik-Disks
Hearth Bake Disks
Screens
Deep Dish Pans
Deep Dish Nesting
Deep Dish Stacking
Deep Dish Thick Crust
Nesting Pan Lids
Separator Disks
Rectangular Pans & Disks
Square Quik-Disks
Sicilian Pans
Thick Crust Pans
Square Serving Trays
Oven-B-Que
Cutters and Knives
The Equalizer
Wheel Cutters
All Steel Rocker Knives
Pizza Cuttting Boards
Sharpener
Dough Prep Tools
Rolling Pins
Dough Dockers
Pizza Dough Boxes - Trays
Dough Rings
Wire Shelves
Serving Tools
Rolling Tower Rack
Pizza Servers
Accessories
Rivetless Peels
Mini Peels
Bubble Poppers
Pan Gripper
Sauce Spoon
Pizza Delivery Hot Bags
Customer Service
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
About Lloyd Industries
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Industry Links
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Your privacy
is important to pizzatools.com. We want you to feel as
comfortable as possible visiting our website and using its
services. This Privacy Policy and Agreement ("Privacy Policy")
will explain which information is collected, how it is protected,
and the choices you have regarding its use. We urge you
to read this Privacy Policy carefully, in order to clearly
understand both our commitment to you and confidentiality
needs, as well as how this information may be collected
and utilized. When using any services offered at the pizzatools.com
site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Further
information is available from
sales@pizzatools.com
Information Collected by pizzatools.com or on pizzatools.com's
Behalf
1.  In General
Personally Identifiable Information (PII or Personal
Information) is information that can be used to identify or contact you. When
you visit our website, pizzatools.com collects only the Personal Information
you provide to us.
We collect Personal Information provided in two general and distinct ways: (1)
when you purchase products and (2) when you send emails to pizzatools.com. We
also collect non-personal information from you regarding your use of our
website, emails, special promotions and newsletters, in addition to your visits
to websites of selected sponsors and advertisers.
2.  Registration and Member Profile
You may use our website without registering or submitting any
Personal Information. In that case, the only information we collect will be
non-personal. We use the Personal Information you provide through registration
and purchase participation to respond to questions from you and/or to inform
you of significant changes to this Privacy Policy. We may also use this
information to send you email with special promotions or newsletters with
content we believe may be of interest to you. At any time you may unsubscribe
to receiving such emails and/or newsletters. We may share the aggregate
non-personal data with our clients, business partners and other third parties.
3. Cookies
The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry. You will
find them used on our web site as well as other major web sites. Cookies are
small text files written to your computer. They help us to determine which
pages on our site are popular, which are less so, and the various technologies
and Internet services our visitors are using. Knowing this information helps us
continually improve the online experience for our visitors and clients. The
non-personally identifying information we track with cookies is anonymous and
is not used to identify, or lead us back to, any particular visitor. Visitors
to our site may have the option of disabling cookies via their browser
preferences (most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.) However,
some features of our web site might not function properly or may be
considerably slower if cookies are disabled.
4. Web Beacons
Web beacons are used to monitor the activity of our site as well
as most major web sites. Turning off the browser's cookies will prevent Web
beacons from tracking the user's activity. The Web beacon will still account
for an anonymous visit, but the user's unique information will not be recorded.
This information helps us improve the online experience at pizzatools.com.
Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. This
website is not designed for, or intended to attract, children under the age of
13. We do not collect Personal Information from any person identified as less
than 13 years of age.
Public Forums
This Privacy Policy does not protect you when you use
pizzatools.com public forums. As a service to our users, pizzatools.com
anticipates featuring chat rooms or bulletin boards where users with pizza
industry issues can receive information and support one another or where users
can post questions for experts to answer. You should be aware that any
information shared in a chat room, bulletin board, or online discussion is
public information and may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties
that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. You should carefully evaluate your
decision to disclose personal information in any public forum.
Emails to pizzatools.com
This Privacy Policy does not protect you when you send business
information, ideas, concepts or inventions to pizzatools.com by email to the
various pizzatools.com departments listed on the "Contact Us" link on our
website. Should you choose to keep business information, ideas, concepts or
inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to
pizzatools.com. We attempt to answer every email in a timely manner, but are
not always able to do so. Privacy, as it applies to the Internet, is a dynamic,
rapidly developing area. At a future time, we may make significant changes to
our privacy policy affecting the use of the Personal Information collected. We
will notify you by email of any significant changes concerning our use of your
Personal Information collected prior to such change(s) for the purpose of
soliciting your consent. It is unlikely that you will be notified of
non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that are not designed to affect
our use of your Personal Information . It is recommended that you periodically
review this posted Privacy Policy for any non-significant changes. If you do
not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please
exit the site immediately.
Revised February, 2009
Contact PizzaTools
PizzaTools is changing...
We are in the middle of changing our ecommerce platform and will re-launch PizzaTools.com in the near future.
In the meantime, you can order the same products at our parent website, LloydPans.com. Same products and pricing.
Click here to order pizza products: LloydPans.com
Pizza Tools
800-748-6251
sales@pizzatools.com
Shop Categories
Pizza Pans & TraysQuik-DisksDeep Dish PansRectangular Pans & DisksOven-B-QueCutters and KnivesDough Prep ToolsServing ToolsAccessories
Customer Service
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
About Lloyd Industries
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Industry Links
Testimonials