https://www.opticsforhire.com/privacy-policy
781-583-7810
info@opticsforhire.com
Your privacy is critically important to usOptics for Hire DBA Ellis Amalgamated LLC491 Massachusetts Ave
Suite 206B Arlington MA 02474781 583 7810Effective date: 18 July 2019It is Optics for Hire's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.opticsforhire.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "https://www.opticsforhire.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Optics for Hire collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Optics for Hire's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Optics for Hire's visitors use its website. From time to time, Optics for Hire may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Optics for Hire also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.opticsforhire.com blog posts. Optics for Hire only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Optics for Hire's websites choose to interact with Optics for Hire in ways that require Optics for Hire to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Optics for Hire gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for updates provide a username and email address.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.https://www.opticsforhire.com uses Google AdWords for remarketinghttps://www.opticsforhire.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.AnalyticsThis website collects personal data to power our site analytics, including: Information 	about your browser, network, and device Web pages 	you visited prior to coming to this website Your IP 	addressThis information may also include details about your use of this website, including: Clicks Internal 	links Pages 	visited Scrolling Searches TimestampsWe share this information with Squarespace, and google analytics, to learn about site traffic and activity.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Optics for Hire may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Optics for Hire's sole discretion. Optics for Hire encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.CookiesThis website uses cookies and similar technologies, which are small files or pieces of text that download to a device when a visitor accesses a website or app. For information about viewing the cookies dropped on your device, visit About the cookies Squarespace uses.These functional and required cookies are always used which allow Squarespace, our hosting platform, to securely serve this website to you.These analytics and performance cookies are 	used on this site, as described below, only when you acknowledge our cookie banner. We use analytics cookies to view site traffic, activity, and other data. Facebook
and Google Cookies are also usedMarketing emailsIf you have provided us with and email address, we may send you marketing emails, which you can unsubscribe from by clicking the link at the bottom of the email. We share your contact information with Privy, and MailChimp, so they can send these emails on our behalf.FontsThis website uses font files from Google Fonts and Adobe Fonts. To properly display this site to you, servers where the font files are stored may receive personal information about you, including: Information 	about your browser, network, or device Your IP 	addressThis website is hosted by Squarespace. Squarespace collects personal data when you visit this website, including: Information 	about your browser, 	network and device Web pages 	you visited prior to coming to this website Your IP 	addressSquarespace needs the data to run this website and to protect and improve its platform and services.
Squarespace analyzes the data in a de-personalized form.
Copyright ©2002 - 2020 Ellis Amalgamated LLC, All rights reserved. Privacy Policy