http://www.gwic.com/terms-conditions
Terms and Conditions
This website is owned and operated by Great Western Insurance Company (the “Company”). By using or accessing this website, you indicate your understanding of these Terms and Conditions and agree to accept them and be legally bound by them. Please feel free to contact the Company for an explanation of any terms and conditions that you do not understand. Please review these Terms and Conditions carefully prior to using the website.
License
In your use or access of this website, the Company grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, temporary license to use the website and its contents. The Company may revoke this license at any time upon notice to you if you fail to comply with these Terms and Conditions, or for any reason in the Company’s sole discretion.
Identification
If applicable, you represent that you have properly identified yourself by entering your own name and personal identifiers when using this site and not those of any other person. Further, this website occasionally may refer to you, a registered user, as a “member.” Any such reference relates only to your registration on this site and your coverage under an insurance policy of the Company, Medico Corp Life Insurance Company, or Medico Life and Health Insurance Company. It does not mean that you possess any membership rights in American Enterprise Mutual Holding Company.
Product information
The product information contained within this site is provided for informational purposes only and subject to change. Some products may not be available in all states and are subject to applicable regulations. An insurance policy or certificate provided by the Company to you constitutes the contract between the parties, and its terms and description of coverage, including any limitations or exclusions, shall govern. Information may be presented in summary form; if there is a discrepancy between the product information included on the website and the contract, the contract language will prevail. You may contact your insurance agent or contact the Company at 800-228-6080 to learn more about a particular product.
Accuracy
The Company’s goal is to provide accurate information on this site, but certain information related to your policy may not be accurate or up to date and is dependent in part on information provided by third parties such as health care providers.
Links to third party websites
This website may contain links to third party websites. Neither the Company nor its affiliates is responsible or liable for the content or accuracy of third party websites. A link does not imply affiliation or endorsement with any website unless so stated. Third party links are made available as a convenience, and you use these links at your own risk. The Company is not responsible for the content, functionality, or security of any third party websites. If you engage a third party via their website, including the purchase of products or services, you do so at your own risk. The Company makes no warranties or representations as to third party websites’ content, policies, or security. The Company has no liability in relation to your use of third party websites, and the Company encourages you to review the privacy policy of any third party websites you visit.
Limitation of liability and disclaimer of warranty
Reasonable efforts will be made to include current, accurate information on this website. However, you use and access this website at your own risk. The Company does not represent or warrant that any information regarding a particular insurance benefit or scope of coverage is accurate or complete. Further, use of the Internet is solely at your own risk and subject to all applicable laws. The Company works to apply appropriate security protocols to the website and electronic communications that are attached, but the Company cannot guarantee the confidentiality of communication or material transmitted to or from this website.
The Company will not be liable for any loss or damages, which includes electronic or technical failure, error, omission, natural disasters, governmental restrictions, failure of performance, or computer viruses.
This website, its content, functionality, and services are provided “as is.” The Company disclaims any warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise. The Company does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, or usefulness of the information on this website. The Company does not warrant that the functions contained in this website meet any specific requirements or that the website will operate in an error- or omission-free fashion, or that it will operate uninterrupted, or that it will be without defects or errors, or that it is free of viruses or other harmful components. Please note that some jurisdictions do not allow the waiver or exclusion of implied warranties, so these may not apply to you.
Indemnification
By using this website, you agree to indemnify the Company, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, and any third-party information providers from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, judgments, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorney fees), and damages resulting from your use of this website, your negligent or intentional acts, your failure to comply with applicable law, or your breach of the terms and conditions outlined within this website.
Changes to website, terms and conditions
All content on this website, including these Terms and Conditions, is subject to change at any time without prior notice. Any changes become effective immediately upon posting to this website. Your continued use or access of this website following any changes means that you accept and agree to these changes.
Website monitoring
To protect the system from unauthorized use and to ensure that the system is functioning properly, activities on this system may be monitored and recorded. By using this system, you expressly consent to such monitoring and are advised that if such monitoring reveals possible evidence of criminal activity, the Company may provide evidence from such monitoring to law enforcement officials.
Privacy and security
Privacy and security practices of the Company as it relates to this website and the information the Company collects from you through this website, are captured in the Company’s Notice of Website Privacy and Security Practices contained on this website.
Governing law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of Iowa without regard to any conflicts of law principles or choice of law provisions of any jurisdiction. By using or accessing this website, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of state and federal courts in Des Moines, Iowa, and agree to waive any jurisdictional or venue defenses otherwise available. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between you and the Company related in any way to these Terms and Conditions must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Additional terms
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your use and access of this website and supersedes all prior agreement, representations, or understandings with respect to the website. The Company may assign its rights and duties under these Terms and Conditions to any party at any time. Failure to enforce any provision of these Terms and Conditions will not be construed as a waiver of any provision. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision will not affect the validity or enforceability of the rest of these Terms and Conditions. Your obligations under the following sections of these Terms and Conditions survive its termination: Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranty; Indemnification; Privacy and Security; Governing Law; and Additional Terms. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is invalidated by any court having competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Updated Oct. 1, 2018
Search for: