http://www.pitchcare.com/legal/policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website Terms & Conditions of Use
Shop Terms & Conditions of Sale to Businesses
Shop Terms & Conditions of Sale to Consumers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Agrovista UK Ltd (We) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
Background
This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations 2018 (GDPR), the data controller is Agrovista UK Ltd whose registered office is at Rutherford House, Nottingham Science and Technology Park, University Boulevard, Nottingham, NG7 2PZ.
1.
Information we may collect from you
1.1. We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.pitchcare.com. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service and marketing communications, information provided through social media, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
1.2. Our website may use SessionCam for analysis. SessionCam is a product that has been developed by SessionCam Ltd. SessionCam may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. The information collected does not include bank details or any sensitive personal data. Data collected by SessionCam from the Agrovista UK website and its subsidiaries (Pitchcare and Amenity Land Solutions) is for Agrovista UK's internal use only. The information collected is used to improve our website usability and is stored and used for aggregated and statistical reporting.
2.
IP addresses and cookies
2.1. We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
2.2. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
2.3. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
2.4. Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
3.
Storing your personal data
3.1. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
3.2. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
3.3. Due to a high proportion of our products being subject to COSHH (Control of Substances Hazardous to Health) regulations; for the purpose of end user safety we hold order details and relevant personal data for the period of 7 years.
4.
Uses made of the information
4.1. We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
4.2. If you consented to allow us to do so, we may use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone.
4.3. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you, if you consented to receive the relevant communications from us.
4.4. If you would like to update your communication preferences, please visit your account page on our website.
4.5. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the general data we have collected to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
4.6. The internet is not a secure medium. However, we have put in place various security procedures to protect your information. When we ask you to submit sensitive personal financial information, such as your credit card number, we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology, making these pages secure. We do not retain any credit or debit card details on our system. In addition, we have strict security protocols in place to protect our customer database, and only allow access to it when absolutely necessary and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of such details.
4.7. Our websites may contain links to other websites and you should be aware that we are clearly not responsible for the privacy practices on other websites. We recommend that you individually check the privacy statements of each and every other website that you visit.
5.
Disclosure of your information
5.1. Agrovista UK may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries which are Pitchcare, Amenity Land Solutions and Grounds Training, as defined in the UK Companies Act 2006.
5.2 We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Agrovista UK Ltd’s assets or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Agrovista UK Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
For the purpose of essential transactions which could include haulier and carriage services, postal and courier services, and third party supplied goods or services. Please note that any data communicated will be essential data to fulfil the specific purpose. Any third parties we share data with will be compliant with the GDPR.
6.
Your rights
6.1. We will not process personal data for marketing purposes or disclose information to third parties for marketing purposes without your consent. You can exercise your right to choose which communications you receive managing your account preferences on our site. You can also contact us at Agrovista UK, Rutherford House, Nottingham Science and Technology Park, University Boulevard, Nottingham, NG7 2PZ.
6.2. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
6.3. You can review and change your personal information at any time through your account preferences. You can request to have your data erased, and we will act upon the request within one month.Please note, as stated in Section 3; due to a high proportion of our products being subject to COSHH (Control of Substances Hazardous to Health) regulations, for the purpose of end user safety we hold order details and relevant personal data for the period of 7 years.
7.
Access to information
7.1.
The GDPR gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR. We have an obligation to provide you with any personal data we hold, on request.
8.
Changes to our policy
8.1.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
9.
Contact
9.1. Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Agrovista UK Ltd, Rutherford House, Nottingham Science and Technology Park, University Boulevard, Nottingham, NG7 2PZ.