http://www.redeye.com/legal/cookies
Home
/
Cookie policy
Cookie Policy
Understanding the way you interact with our site is very important to us which is why we monitor site traffic using cookies and use the information to enhance our site’s overall design, layout and functionality. We might also use cookies to help us understand what might interest you, so that we can serve you with relevant content.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file which we transfer to your hard drive through your web browser when you visit our website or open certain emails. It enables our own system to recognise you when you visit our website again and improve our service to you. This information can be used to enhance the content of our website and make your use of it easier. For more information about cookies please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
How RedEye uses cookies
Our website uses six kinds of cookies:
Session cookies: These cookies are used to retain information for the duration of your visit, for example if you’re completing more than one form you only need to provide your information once.
RedEye.com tracking cookie: These cookies are used to recognise repeat visitors to the site and record specific browsing information (e.g. how you arrive, pages you view, options you select, information you enter and paths you take.
Google Analytics Cookies
RedEye uses Google Analytics cookies to store information, such as what time a visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. The cookies report website trends. They do not identify individual visitors. A different set of cookies is used for each website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites. In addition to disabling cookies users can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on, which prevents Google Analytics from collecting information about website visits. To find out more visit http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
LinkedIn
RedEye uses LinkedIn tags to monitor website behaviour to collect and use informationfor online advertising, please visit: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy if you are a LinkedIn memeber and wish to opt out of this tracking, you can opt out by login in to your account and going to your Privacy settings. This will opt you ot from LinkedIn data collection and targeting cookies on any computers, mobile devices and browers you use to visit third party sites, provided you have logged onto LinkedIn.
Optimizely cookies
RedEye uses Optimizely cookies to store information about your visit to our site, helping us understand how our site is being used. We use this information to show you different content that best fits your needs, as well as allowing us to test what type of content is most popular, thus improving the user experience. All information is anonymous. These cookies do not identify you as an individual.
Hotjar Cookies
RedEye uses Hotjar cookies to Analysis and Feedback online behaviour of it's websitise visitoors. By combining both A) Analysis and B) Feedback tools, Hotjar gives us the 'big picture' of how to improve our sites experience and its performance for our visitors. Individual users can not be identified. To find out moreplease xlick through to  https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
HubSpot Cookies
RedEye uses HubSpot's tracking code which sets the following cookies when someone visits our site. These cookies fall into two general categories:
Essential/necessary cookies: these cookies do not require consent.
Consent banner cookies: there are cookies included in the consent banner under GDPR.
Specific cookie names and descriptions can be found here: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/reports/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser
To opt out
You can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings – please refer to your browser’s ‘help’ functionality for advice or to find out more you can visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
The main cookie on our site is set by the domain reporting.redeye.com. Please note that should you block all cookies, you may not be able to access all areas of our site. If you block our cookie, your use of our site during a session should not be adversely affected.
Click here to read our full privacy policy.
Back to top
We use cookies.
This is to help us understand how you are using our website and help us provide a better service.
You can find out more about our cookie policy here.