http://www.colobank.com/index.cfm/privacy-statement
HomeBankingDeposit AccountsMortgagesTrust ServicesDigital BankingLoans and Credit CardsResource CenterFinancial CalculatorsLost or Stolen Debit/ATM or Credit CardMy PortfolioAboutPrivacy StatementPrivacy ProtectionContact
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Facts
WHAT DOES THE COLORADO BANK & TRUST COMPANY OF LA JUNTA DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
account transactions and credit history
transaction history and payment history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons The Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does the Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes-
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes- to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes- informaiton about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes- informaiton about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 719-384-8131 or go to
www.colobank.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
The Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta
What we do
How does the Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does the Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
apply for a loan or apply for financing
make a wire transfer or open an account
provide account information
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
The Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
The Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
The Colorado Bank & Trust Company of La Junta doesn't jointly market.
To access this website your Internet Explorer needs to be updated.
To get the best possible experience and added internet security using our website, we require you to upgrade your current web browser or install another web browser. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page.
Please note: These links will navigate you away from our domain.
We are not responsible for and have no control over the content or subject matter of these external links.