http://www.mbac.org/ams/legal-privacy.htm
YourMembership.com Copyright/DMCA Information
YourMembership.com®
The following legal information below relates to YourMembership.com as the provider of the software powering this website. YourMembership.com is not responsible for the legal policies of our customers. For information regarding this customer's legal policies please contact the customer directly.
Since 1998 YourMembership.com has been a global provider of online community software, membership software and association management software. Our customers span all seven continents and include associations, nonprofit organizations, educational institutions, government agencies, corporations, social networking sites and more.
YourMembership.com provides robust membership software for the growing, member-based organization. Software highlights include: a private, member-facing online community; website, membership management features; member invoicing/dues system; email marketing; event management; and so much more. YourMembership.com also provides sources of non-dues revenue in our career center and buyer's guide products. Our software solution helps member-based organizations build important connections; engage members and prospects; and grow through continued membership renewals, recruitment and increased sources of revenue.
Trademarks | Copyright | DMCA
Trademarks:	YourMembership.com®, Connect. Engage. Grow.® and Solutions for Today's Engaged and Growing Organizations® are registered trademarks of YourMembership.com, Inc. and may not be used in connection with any service or product that is not YourMembership.com's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or users, or in any manner that disparages or discredits YourMembership.com.
Copyright:
Certain elements of this website are: Copyright © 1998-2020, YourMembership.com, Incorporated. YourMembership.com, Incorporated provides a limited license to use its Copyrights to the entity from whose web page you clicked-through. Certain elements of this website may also be copyrighted by that entity; please see its Terms of Use or contact the organization for more information. General information about copyright laws can be found at: http://www.copyright.gov/. For more specific information, please consult an attorney.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act: The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed on the Internet. Under the law, copyright owners who believe that their rights have been infringed by unauthorized use of their protected works appearing online may contact the service provider hosting the material in question, directly or through their authorized agents, and request that the infringing material be removed or access to it disabled.
YourMembership.com takes allegations of copyright infringement very seriously. If you believe in good faith that YourMembership.com is the hosting service provider of material that infringes your copyright, you may submit a written notification of claimed infringement to YourMembership.com's designated agent:
By Mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
YourMembership.com, Inc.
9620 Executive Center Drive N #200
St. Petersburg, FL 33702
United States
NOTE: No other notices or communications should be sent to the designated agent, who is appointed solely for the purpose of receiving notices of copyright claims under the DMCA.
Specific requirements for proper notification of claimed infringement are set forth in the DMCA (see 17 U.S.C. Sec. 512(c)(3)). Valid notification must be a written communication that includes all of the following elements:
Signature of copyright owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner; Identification of copyrighted work claimed to be infringed; Identification of the material claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party (address, phone number and, if available, email address); A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right allegedly being infringed.
Please be aware that there are substantial penalties for false claims. If a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, you may submit a counter notification to the service provider's designated agent. A valid counter notification is a written communication that incorporates the following elements:
A physical or electronic signature; Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled; A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification; Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the U.S., for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the complainant.
This information should not be construed as legal advice. YourMembership.com advises that you seek independent legal counsel before filing a notification or counter-notification. For further information about the DMCA, please visit the Website of the U.S. Copyright Office at: http://www.copyright.gov/onlinesp.
YourMembership.com Privacy Policy
For information regarding YourMembership.com's privacy policies please visit http://www.yourmembership.com/legal/.
About YourMembership.com
With membership management software from YourMembership.com, organizations spend less time on administrative tasks and more time building connections with their members. YourMembership.com helps streamline current business processes and aids in uncovering new sources of non-dues revenue with career center/job board products and buyer's guides/advertising. YourMembership.com: Solutions for Today's Engaged and Growing Organizations®