http://www.coo-var.co.uk/privacy-policy
You are here:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy Information We Collect
We respect the purpose for which our site visitors give us Personal Information. Personal Information is any information from which an individual can be identified. For example, your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address may be Personal Information.
Use of Information
Personal information is used for three general purposes only: to customise the advertising and content you see; to fulfil your requests for products, services and technical advice; and to contact you with news, for example, about promotions and new products.
Third Party Use
We do not sell, rent, or loan information to third parties for e-mail marketing. While we may sell advertising in our e-mail publications to other companies, we do not allow third parties any other use of our lists.
Un Subscriptions
We send our advertising, product alerts and marketing updates only to those who request them, and immediately unsubscribe those who request it.
Cookies*
We use cookies in a responsible manner to help our visitors. Cookies are used to identify you with your shopping list or other information you wish to save; and to remember your details so you do not have to give them twice.
* Cookies are tiny bits of information that we put on your computer to enable us to recognise you next time you visit our website. Cookies do not tell us anything about you except what you allow us to know through ordering or browsing our site, or completing online forms. For security reasons, none of your personal information or account details are stored in the cookie. Most web browsers can be set not to accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you. We use cookies to make your experience on our website as smooth and efficient as possible, with information customised to your needs.
Security
We store user and password files with personal information in a secure manner. We store such files in areas not accessible to Web browsers, or behind password protection, or off-line. Where appropriate, we use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. We do not store any credit or debit card details for electronic payments made on this site.
If you have submitted personal information to us electronically and would like it removed or if any of the information we hold about you is incorrect or needs updating please email info@coo-var.co.uk or write to Marketing Department, Coo-Var, Lockwood Street, Hull. HU2 0HN.
PRODUCT TRAINING
Click here to book product training or call (0)1482 328053.
More info
FAQS & Advice
Click here for technical documents and how to guides.
More info
News
Click here for latest news, newsletters & product information from Coo-Var!
More info
Find a Stockist
Click here to find your local stockist of our products
More info
Download Our Product Brochure
Click here to download our latest product selector
Download
Tweets by CooVarPaints
Coo-Var Paints