https://www.sydor.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Our World is Flat™
(585) 271-7300
Company
About UsCareers
Products
Glass WafersOptical Mirrors
Optical WedgesWitness Samples
Optical FiltersOptical Windows
Optical FlatsPlate Beamsplitters
Online StoreCapabilities
Double-Sided PolishingPrecision Pitch Polishing
CNC Glass MachiningLaser Cutting & Marking
Metrology & InspectionPrecision Cleaning & Packaging
Optical AssemblyIR Windows
Resources
Material Data SheetsFAQBlogBuying Flat OpticsTerms & Conditions
Contact(585) 271-730031 Jetview DriveRochester, NY 14624
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect When You Visit our Website
You are free to explore the Website without providing any Personal Information about yourself. When you visit the Website, we collect Navigational Information.
We use analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our website on your mobile device. This software may record information such as how often you use the website, the events that occur within the website, aggregated usage, performance data, and information that was downloaded from, such as a form or a PDF download. In addition to information, we may also collect your city location, mobile device model and version.
We send push notifications from time to time to update you about events or promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn opt out at any time.
“Personal Information”
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, mailing address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business regarding a quote, order or transaction. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google.
Personal Information also includes Payment Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual.
Navigational information refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the “Navigation Information” section below.
Payment information includes We collect and process payment information from customers including credit cards numbers and billing information, using third party PCI-compliant service providers. Except for this, we do not collect Sensitive Information from you.
Log Files
When you use our services our view content provided by us, we automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, clickstream data, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Sydor Optics to provide general statistics regarding use of the Sydor Optics Website. For these purposes, we do NOT link this automatically-collected data to Personal Information such as name, email address, address, and phone number. Information we collect from third parties
From time to time, we may receive Personal Information about you from third party sources including partners with which we offer services or engage in joint marketing activities, and publicly available sources such as social media websites.
Information About Children
The Websites are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 16 If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@sydor.com, so that we may delete the information.
How We Use Information We Collect
Compliance with Our Privacy Policy
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We Never Sell Personal Information
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites;
send information or Sydor Optics content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business;
promote use of our services to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences;
send information to you regarding changes to our Customer Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy), or other legal agreements meet legal requirements.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about an offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, we do not transfer your Personal Information to the third party.
If you are a visitor/customer located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Sydor Optics is the data controller of your personal information. Questions regarding your data can be send to privacy@sydor.com.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Website.
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Website, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Use of Credit Card Information
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures.
Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the LinkedIn and YouTube Widgets, such as interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
External Websites
Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have
Retention of Personal Information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as is required in order to contact you about our services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us. We retain information for a reasonable period from the date such information was created.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 585-271-7300 or privacy@sydor.com.
Contact Us
31 Jetview DriveRochester, NY 14624 Phone: (585) 271-7300
Hours of Operation:Monday – Friday
8:00am – 5:00pm
Contact Us
Certifications & Registrations
American Owned & Operated
ISO 9001:2015 Certified
ITAR Registered
Military & Defense Supplier
Follow Us
Memberships & Affiliations
Privacy Policy
|
Sitemap
Designed and developed by
Sydor Optics is the global leader in custom optical manufacturing.
We specialize in high-volume production and have the largest collection of double-sided polishing and grinding machines in North America.
Contact Us
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Name
*
Email
*
Phone
Tell us how many parts you need
*
1000+
501-1000
101-500
25-100
1-10
Message
Would you like to upload a drawing?
We accept most formats
Uploading Files. Please Wait.
Drop a file here or click to upload
Choose File
Maximum upload size: 67.11MB
reCAPTCHA
Submit