http://www.cml.org.uk/cookies-policy
Cookies Policy | UK Finance
Search UK Finance
You can use the search function to find a range of UK Finance material, from consultation responses to thought leadership to blogs, or to find content on a range of topics from Brexit to commercial finance.
Search form
logo
News and Insight
Customers
About us
Contact us
search-cta-rev
Search
login-ui
Log in
arrow-ui
register-ui
Register
arrow-ui
Covid-19
Covid-19
Help available for businesses and customers
Covid-19
Press and Media
Customer Support
Business Support
Business recovery
Our Expertise
Our Expertise
Our specialists provide an unmatched breadth and depth of knowledge
Our Expertise
Brexit
Capital Markets and Wholesale
Cards
Commercial Finance
Digital, Tech and Cyber
Economic Crime
Financial and Risk Policy
Invoice Finance and Asset Based Lending
Mortgages
Payments
Personal Finance
Sanctions
Policy and Guidance
Policy and Guidance
We address the major issues impacting our members
Policy and Guidance
Reports and Publications
Consultation Responses
Guidance
Data and Research
Data and Research
We provide comprehensive data and research
Data and Research
Data
Research
Events and training
Events and training
We offer an extensive range of events and training courses
Events and training
Distance Learning
Events
Training
Webinars
Past Webinars
On demand video learning
Membership
Membership
We work with members to support the UK as a global leader in financial services
Membership
Become a Full Member
Become an Associate Member
Other Ways to Get Involved
Find a Member
Find an Associate Member
Press
Press
We receive substantial coverage in national, regional, specialist and trade media
Press
Press Releases
Speeches
Home
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us
Make our website work as you'd expect
Save you having to login every time you visit the site
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at the price we do)
We do not use cookies to
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below.
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Determining if you are logged in or not
Remembering your search settings
Remembering if you have accepted our terms and conditions
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube or Vimeo video. Our site includes the following which use cookies:
Google Analytics
YouTube
Vimeo
MiniOrange
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties.
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily share our content on the likes of LinkedIn and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site. The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if , on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
We use Google Analytics.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware". Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
Related pages
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Accessibility
logo
UK Finance: 5th Floor, 1 Angel Court, London EC2R 7HJ
Events and Training
Press
Careers
Guidance
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
login-ui
Log in
arrow-ui
register-ui
Register
arrow-ui
UK Finance Limited trading as UK Finance. Company number 10250295. Registered address: 1 Angel Court, London, EC2R 7HJ © UK Finance Limited (trading as UK Finance) 2020. All rights reserved.