http://www.accucheckreports.com/privacy-policy/
SECURE CLIENT SITE
Home
Solutions
About
Contact Us
Home
Solutions
About
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
AccuCheck Inc. is a Consumer Reporting Agency (CRA) that prepares Consumer Reports for authorized employers under the provisions of the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA).
AccuCheck Inc. obtains primary source data pursuant to written Consumer Authorization as dictated under the FCRA and only provides information in consumer reports to employers as directed in the written Authorization. All data is maintained in a secured site and AccuCheck maintains strict policies and procedures in all aspects of its operation to protect the privacy of consumers.
Personal Identifying Information Disclosure: AccuCheck is a member of the ConcernedCRA’s, which is a group of Consumer Reporting Agencies (CRAs) dedicated to protecting consumer privacy by not offshoring Personal, Identifying Information (PII).
AccuCheck will not disclose PII to a third party except in accordance with applicable laws. In accordance with applicable laws, AccuCheck may disclose personal information, in the following situations:
To an employer or prospective employer who has been authorized by the consumer to receive information about him or her
To a third-party representative or subcontractor of AccuCheck to assist in the background screening investigation such as court researchers and other service vendors
As otherwise required by law
Where AccuCheck discloses information, it provides only the information required to assist with the background check.
If information is transferred to third parties outside of the United States or its territories, such transfers are done only when necessary to complete an international background check (e.g., conducting an international criminal check or verifying educational or employment records outside of the U.S.).
AccuCheck prohibits such third-party representatives and subcontractors from using consumer information for any purpose other than assisting AccuCheck with the background check and requires that third-party representatives and subcontractors maintain reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of consumer information they receive.
Data Security
AccuCheck uses a combination of security technologies, procedures and organizational measures to help secure sensitive information against unauthorized access, misuse, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Layered firewalls and other security technologies prevent unauthorized access to our systems. Strong password protection protocols are used on our computers. The servers storing sensitive data are maintained in a secure environment with appropriate security measures. Additionally, we back up our data daily and have a redundant system in place to prevent against data loss and disruption of operations.
In the event of a breach of our security systems that results in any compromise or unauthorized release of sensitive information, we will contact the authorities immediately and notify our Clients.
AccuCheck also has other administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place designed to protect the information that AccuCheck collects.
Access to “Personally Identifiable Information” is limited to those AccuCheck employees who need access in order to carry out their job responsibilities.
Access to the AccuCheck Secure Online Portal website is restricted to AccuCheck clients only and requires a user login and password.
AccuCheck’s website may provide links to third-party websites. These websites are outside of AccuCheck’s control and are not covered
by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about how another website may use your information, please consult that website’s privacy policy.
Proper Data Collection, Retention, and Destruction
AccuCheck follows all applicable FCRA, FACTA and other related federal and other governmental regulations regarding the proper collection, retention and destruction of sensitive information. Internal Policies emphasize breach prevention, continuous monitoring of standards adherence and enforcement efforts.
Children Under Age 13
AccuCheck does not offer services to children under the age of 13, and this website is not directed to children under the age of 13.
AccuCheck does not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13.
Contacting AccuCheck
Our postal address is PO Box 511164, New Berlin, WI 53151; You may also reach us by email: webmaster@accucheckreports.com or you can reach us by telephone at 800.874.9099 / 262.827.9099.
For each visitor to our website, our website server automatically recognizes only the visitor’s IP Address. We may collect the IP Addresses, aggregate information on what pages have been visited, visitor-specific information as to pages visited, and/or information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, used to notify visitors about updates to our website, and is not shared with other organizations.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an email to the above address.
Visitors who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive telephone calls, please let us know by sending an e-mail to the above address.
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
With respect to security, we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving confidential or financial visitor data exchanged with our site.
We hope you find our website useful and informative. If you have any questions or suggestions, please send an email to webmaster@accucheckreports.com.
Privacy Statement
© Copyright 2019 AccuCheck Investigations. All rights reserved.
E-MAIL
info@accucheckreports.com
Phone
800.874.9099 / 262.827.9099
CloseType and hit enter