http://www.akubra.com.au/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
HATS
CountryLifestyleSpecial & HeritageStrawUrbanWestern
ACCESSORIESBELTSBAGS
HandbagsTravel BagsWallets
GIFT CARDSStockistsYour Order
Organise an Exchange
BLOGHelp & Support
Search
AUDNZUSDCAD
Cart
Your cart is empty
OUR RETAIL FACTORY STORE REMAINs CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
Terms & ConditionsAkubra Hats Pty Limited (ABN 62 000 175 333) and its related bodies corporate (collectively referred to as "Akubra", "we", "our" and "us" and severally referred to as an "Akubra entity") are subject to the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988. This Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement explains in general terms how Akubra protects the privacy of your personal information under the National Privacy Principles. It also sets out the matters, which we are required to disclose to individuals under National Privacy Principles 1.3 and 1.5. The principles set out in this Akubra Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement will apply to any personal information you provide to Akubra via our website or under any agreement or arrangement and to information, which we collect about you from other sources. This Akubra Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement does not apply to acts and practices of an Akubra entity which relates directly to the employee records of that Akubra entity's current and former employees.How We Collect Your Personal InformationWe generally collect your personal information directly from you. For example, we may collect personal information about you when you deal with us over the telephone, send us correspondence (whether by letter, fax or e-mail) or when you have contact with us in person. Generally, the type of personal information we collect about you includes your name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address. There may be occasions when we need to source personal information about you from a third party. For example, we may collect personal information from a company for whom you work, other organizations with whom you have any dealings, a credit-reporting agency, and an information service provider or from a publicly maintained record.Our Disclosure StatementAkubra collects personal information for the following purposes:to provide you with information about Akubra products via e-mailto enable Akubra to undertake Credit assessmentto receive services from you or the organization which employs youIn some circumstances, we collect personal information about you from a third party source. If we collect personal information about you in this way, we will take reasonable steps to contact you and ensure that you are aware of the purposes for which we are collecting your personal information and the organizations to which we might disclose your personal information.How We Use or Disclose Your Personal InformationWe will use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected. We may also use and disclose personal information for purposes related or ancillary to the main reasons we collect it, such as invoicing, reminder notices, provision of information concerning Akubra and other services offered by us. We do not disclose personal information we collect to third parties for the purpose of allowing them to direct market their products and services. We engage third party contractors to perform services for us, which involves the contractor handling personal information we hold. For example, we may engage third party contractors to maintain and monitor our customer and user databases. In these situations, we prohibit the third party contractor from using personal information about you except for the specific purpose for which we supply it.Other People's Information Which You Provide To UsIf you provide personal information to us about someone else (such as one of your directors or employees or someone with whom you have dealings) you must ensure that you are entitled to disclose that information to us and that, without us taking any further steps required by privacy laws, we may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes described above. For example, you should take reasonable steps to ensure the individual concerned is aware of the various matters detailed in this Akubra Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement as those matters relate to that individual, including our identity, how to contact us, our purposes of collection, our information disclosure practices, the individual's right to obtain access to the information and the consequences for the individual if the information is not provided.Sharing Information within AkubraEach Akubra entity may disclose personal information to other Akubra entities, which will use and disclose the information only for the purpose for which it was originally collected. The contact details below are applicable to all Akubra entities.Gaining Access To Information We Hold About YouWe will, on request, provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you unless there is an exception, which applies under the Privacy Act such as employee records. Your request to obtain access will be dealt with in a reasonable time. Akubra may recover reasonable cost/s of providing you with access. If we refuse to provide you with access to the information, we will provide you with reasons for the refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon under the Privacy Act.Keeping Your Personal Information Up-To-DateWe take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date whenever we collect or use it. If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will take reasonable steps to correct this information or, if necessary, we will discuss alternative action with you.Security Of Your Personal InformationWe protect any personal information that we hold from misuse and loss. We also protect it from unauthorized access, modification, and disclosure. Your personal information may be stored either in hard copy documents or as electronic data in Akubra's software or systems. We maintain physical security over our paper and electronic data stores and premises, such as locks and security systems. We also maintain computer and network security; for example, we use firewalls (security measures for the Internet) and other security systems such as user identifiers and passwords to control access to our computer system.