http://www.pharma.bayer.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Bayer AG
Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website.
Skip to content
////// Science for a better life
Global
Media/Press
Report a Side Effect
Contact
EnglishDeutsch
Pharmaceuticals
Living with a Disease
Living with a Disease
Quality of life is a mutual responsibility for all of us.
Overview
Cancer
TRK Fusion Cancer
Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor
Liver Cancer
Prostate Cancer
Kidney Cancer
Breast Cancer
Thyroid Cancer
Virtual Press Room
HCC Virtual Media Briefing
ESMO Global Educational Webinar
Cardiovascular & Kidney Diseases
Thrombosis
Heart Attack
Chronic Kidney Disease
High Blood Pressure
Stroke & Atrial Fibrillation
Eye Conditions
Diabetic macular edema
Age-related Macular Degeneration
Hemophilia
Women's Healthcare
Menopausal Complaints
Contraception
Other Diseases
Pulmonary Hypertension
Innovation
Innovation
For over 120 years, Bayer has been researching and developing innovative medications and new therapeutic approaches that help make a difference to people’s lives.
Overview
Technologies
RNA interference
High-throughput screening
Digitalization in drug discovery
PROTACs
Diagnostic imaging
Trends
Cell & Gene Therapy
Pharmacogenetics
Targeted-thorium Conjugates
Precision medicine
Biomarkers
AI in Pharma
Development Pipeline
Pipeline Insights
Clinical Trials
Ethics in Clinical Trials
FAQ
Partnering
Partnering
Bayer is a reliable and flexible partner who can help you take your work to the next stage and make the most out of its potential.
Overview
Why we Partner
Areas of Interest
Partnering With us
Forms of Collaboration
Where to Meet us
Who we are
Who we are
We are committed to the principles of sustainable development. With our products we aim to improve people's quality of life.
Overview
Our Engagement
Patient organization
Patient Engagement
#WeWontRest
Tropical Diseases
Family Planning
Healthy Aging
Global Health Policy
Newsletter
Search
English
German
Results per page
10 Results per page20 Results per page30 Results per page50 Results per page100 Results per page
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This website (hereinafter the “Website“) is provided by Bayer Aktiengesellschaft (hereinafter “us” or “we”). For further information regarding the provider of the Website, please refer to our imprint.
Handling of personal data
In the following we wish to provide you with information on how we handle your personal data when you use our Website. Unless otherwise indicated in the following chapters, the legal basis for the handling of your personal data results from the fact that such handling is required to make available the functionalities of the Website requested by you (Art. 6(1)(b) General Data Protection Regulation).
Using our Website
Accessing our Website
When you call up our Website, your browser will transfer certain data to our web server. This is done for technical reasons and required to make available to you the requested information. To facilitate your access to the Website, the following data are collected, briefly stored and used:
IP address
date and time of access
time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
content of request (specific site)
status of access/HTTP status code
transferred volume of data
website requesting access
browser, language settings, version of browser software operating system and surface
Moreover, to protect our legitimate interests, we will store such data for a limited period of time in order to be able to initiate a tracking of personal data in the event of actual or attempted unauthorized access to our servers (Art. 6(1)(f) General Data Protection Regulation).
Setting of cookies
What are cookies?
This Website uses so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the memory of your terminal via your browser. They store certain information (e.g. your preferred language or site settings) which your browser may (depending on the lifespan of the cookie) retransmit to us upon your next visit to our Website.
What cookies do we use?
We differentiate between two categories of cookies: (1) functional cookies, without which the functionality of our Website would be reduced, and (2) optional cookies used for e.g. website analysis and marketing purposes. The following tables contain a detailed description of the optional cookies we use:
Optional Cookies
Cookie(s)
Purpose and content
Consent
Google Tag Manager
These Cookies enable us to analyse your use of this website by assigning a unique and randomly generated ID to your device that lets us recognize your device upon your next visit.
Lifespan: 6 months
Provider: Google Inc.
OnOff
Subject to your consent
We only use optional cookies if we have obtained your prior consent (Art. 6(1)(a) General Data Protection Regulation). Upon your first access to our Website, a banner will appear, asking you to give us your consent to the setting of optional cookies. If your consent is given, we will place a cookie on your computer and the banner will not appear again as long as the cookie is active. After expiration of the cookie’s lifespan, or if you actively delete the cookie, the banner will reappear upon your next visit to our Website and again ask for your consent.
How to prevent the setting of cookies
Of course you may use our Website without any cookies being set. In your browser, you can at any time configure or completely deactivate the use of cookies. This may, however, lead to a restriction of the functions or have adverse effects on the user-friendliness of our Website. You may at any time object to the setting of optional cookies by using the respective objection option indicated in the table above.
Website Analysis
On our Website we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).
Google will analyze your use of our Website on our behalf. To this purpose we use the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Website (e.g. the referring URL, our webpages visited by you, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. The respective results will then be made available to us in anonymized form. Your usage data will not be connected to your full IP address during this process. We have activated on our Website the IP anonymizing function offered by Google, which will delete the last 8 bits (type IPv4) or the last 80 bits (type IPv6) of your IP address. Moreover, Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of data by Google in the US.
You may revoke your consent to the use of web analysis at any time, either by downloading and installing the provided Google Browser Pluginor by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed. Both options will prevent the application of web analysis only as long as you use the browser on which you installed the plugin and do not delete the opt-out Cookie. Further information on Google Analytics is available in the Google Analytics Terms of Use, the Privacy and Data Protection Guidelines of Google Analytics and in the Google Privacy Policy.
Use of contact forms
You can contact us directly via the contact forms available on our Website. In particular, you may provide us with the following information:
Name, surname, gender and title
Contact data (e.g. E-Mail address, phone number)
Message
We collect, process and use the information provided by you via the contact forms exclusively for the processing of your specific request.
Subscription to our newsletter
On our Website, you may subscribe to receive our newsletter. Based on your prior consent, we will collect and use the email address you indicate for providing you with the newsletter (Art. 6(1)(a) General Data Protection Regulation).
If you wish to receive a customized newsletter, you may, on a voluntary basis, provide us with the following additional information:
Name and surname
Title
For subscription to our newsletter we use the so-called double opt-in procedure. After you have subscribed to the newsletter on our Website, we will send you a message to the indicated email address asking for your confirmation. If you do not confirm your subscription, your subscription will automatically be deleted. In order to prevent any misuse of your personal data, we will log your subscription and confirmation, filing the IP address you use when subscribing, the time of your subscription and confirmation, the messages sent by us regarding your subscription, and the wording of your subscription and confirmation.
You may at any time with future effect revoke your consent to receive our newsletter. To declare that you wish to unsubscribe, you may use the respective link included in all newsletters, or refer to the contacts indicated below (Contact).
External services or content on our Website
We include third-party services and/or content on our Website. When you use such third-party services or when third-party content is displayed, communication data are exchanged between you and the respective provider for technical reasons.
The respective provider of the services or content may also process your data for own additional purposes. To the best of our knowledge, we have configured the services and content of providers known to process data for own purposes in such a way that either any communication for other purposes than to present their services or content on our Website is blocked, or communication only takes place once you have actively opted to use the respective service. However, since we have no control over data collected and processed by third parties, we are not in a position to provide binding information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your data.
For further information regarding the scope and purpose of such collection and processing of your data, please consult the privacy statements of the providers whose services and/or content we include and who are responsible for the protection of your data in this context:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube videos
Information on side effects and quality complaints
This Website is not intended or designed for communications regarding side effects, lack of therapeutic effect, medication errors, grey market products/counterfeit medicine, incorrect or off-label use, quality complaints and/or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products. If you wish to report side effects or make a quality complaint, please contact your health care professional (e.g. physician or pharmacist), your local health authority, or use our Website for the report of undesirable side effects.
If you nevertheless report to us undesirable side effects or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products, we will be legally bound to deal with your communication and may have to contact you for clarification purposes. Subsequently, we may have to notify the competent health authorities of the issues reported by you. In this context, your information will be forwarded in pseudonymized form, i.e. no information by which you may be directly identified will be passed on. We may also have to forward these pseudonymized notifications to our group companies and cooperation partners, to the extent these are likewise obliged to notify their respectively competent health authorities.
Transfer of data for commissioned processing
For the processing of your data we will to some extent use specialized service contractors. Such service contractors are carefully selected and regularly monitored by us. Based on respective data processor agreements, they will only process personal data upon our instruction and strictly in accordance with our directives.
Processing of data outside the EU / the EEA
Your data will in part also be processed in countries outside the European Union (“EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which may have a lower data protection level than European countries. In such cases, we will ensure that a sufficient level of protection is provided for your data, e.g. by concluding specific agreements with our contractual partners (copy available on request), or we will ask for your explicit consent to such processing.
Information regarding your rights
The following rights are in general available to you according to applicable data privacy laws:
Right of information about your personal data stored by us;
Right to request the correction, deletion or restricted processing of your personal data;
Right to object to a processing for reasons of our own legitimate interest, public interest, or profiling , unless we are able to proof that compelling, warranted reasons superseding your interests, rights and freedom exist, or that such processing is done for purposes of the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Right to data portability;
Right to file a complaint with a data protection authority;
You may at any time with future effect revoke your consent to the collection, processing and use of your personal data. For further information please refer to the chapters above describing the processing of data based on your consent.
If you wish to exercise your rights, please address your request to the contact indicated below. (-> Contact).
Contact
For any questions you may have with respect to data privacy, please contact our company data protection officer at the following address:
Group Data Protection Officer
Bayer AG
51368 Leverkusen
Amendment of Privacy Statement
We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time. Updates of our Privacy Statement will be published on our Website. Any amendments become effective upon publication on our Website. We therefore recommend that you regularly visit the site to keep yourself informed on possible updates.
Last Updated: November 22, 2019
Living With a Disease
Cancer
Cardiovascular & Kidney Diseases
Eye Conditions
Hemophilia
Other Diseases
Innovation
Technologies
Trends
Development Pipeline
Clinical Trials
Partnering
Why we Partner
Areas Of Interest
Partnering With us
Where to Meet us
Who we are
Our Engagement
Global Health Policy
Get in Touch
Do you have any queries or comments about our website, our products or any of our services?
Contact Us
Report A Side Effect
Follow Us
Copyright © Bayer AG
Conditions of use
Privacy statement
Imprint