https://www.canam-construction.com/en/privacy-statement/
Français
MENU
Français
Products
Joists and Joist Girders
Steel Deck
Hambro Composite Floor System
Hambro D500 Composite Floor
Hambro MD2000 Composite Floor
Hambro Transfer Slab
Murox Prefabricated Steel Buildings
Reveal Series Architectural Deck
Purlins and Girts
Econox Relocatable Buildings
Plate Girder (WWF)
Elocone Nuts
Services
BIM
Structural Building Systems
Engineering
Design-Build
Fabrication
Project Management
Technical Outsourcing
Projects
Tools
InfoTech
Parametric Objects
Technical Publications
Engineering Tools
Commercial Publications
About Us
COVID-19
Canam Buildings
Our Team
Canam Buildings
Joists and Steel Deck
Our Quality Commitment
Green Building
News
Contact us
|
Privacy Statement  |
Privacy Statement
The material available on our website is designed to familiarize the reader with matter of general interest in Canam Group Inc. for information purposes only. Such information is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind. This website may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors.
At Canam Group Inc., the protection of your personal information is important. The following statement sets out our policy on treating the personal information you choose to provide to us. It outlines the manner in which we use your personal information and the procedure to follow if you wish to edit this information.
As this document will be updated from time to time without prior notice, we recommend that you consult it on a regular basis. If you have any questions or comments, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this statement. We will address your inquiry as quickly as possible.
1. Collection and use of your personal information
If you wish to access a web application that requires the collection of personal information, you must create a profile in Canam Group Inc. Alerts Center. By providing your personal information to Canam Group Inc., you are consenting to our collection and use of this information in accordance with this privacy statement. You have the right, at any time, to access, correct, edit or delete any of the information included in your profile. You may also, at any time, accept or refuse to receive information emailed to you from time to time by Canam Group Inc. or any of its divisions.
Your personal information will only be made available to employees of Canam Group Inc. Personal information is treated as private and confidential by Canam Group Inc., which is committed to keeping it in a secure environment.
Canam Group Inc. will never disclose, sell, lease or communicate your personal information to any third party without your permission. Canam Group Inc. reserves the right, however, to share information on the users of its sites solely in the following circumstances: to adhere to the provisions of a law or regulation; to ensure its defense in the event of legal action; or to protect its rights or those of its site users.
2. Use of non-personal information
Non-personal information is collected by means of “cookies”, Web beacons and other technologies designed to analyze data and personalize services. Most major sites, including Canam Group Inc., gather this type of information through such means to better serve their clients or users.
Non-personal information does not allow us to identify visitors personally or to create user profiles. The process of compiling non-personal information provides us with statistical data on traffic volume and patterns and helps us measure the effectiveness of our websites. This data can be used to improve site content and determine which services or features are more important to our users.
You have the choice to accept or refuse cookies by changing the preferences in your browser.
3. Web-related risks
Even though Canam Group Inc. strives to ensure that your personal information will not be accessed by third parties, data transmitted over the Internet can conceivably be intercepted, lost or altered. Consequently, Canam Group Inc. cannot be held liable for the use that may be made of personal information by any third party.
4. Links to external sites
Our various websites may provide links to third-party websites. If you choose to use those links, you do so freely and voluntarily. These links are provided solely for reference purposes. Since third-party sites have been developed by parties other than Canam Group Inc. and its companies, Canam Group Inc. has no control over them and therefore is not responsible for their content.
5. Permission
By browsing any of the Canam Group Inc. websites, you acknowledge that you understand the terms of this privacy statement and undertake to adhere to these terms.
6. Questions and comments
Any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this privacy statement should be forwarded to:
Canam Group Inc.
270, chemin Du Tremblay
Boucherville (Québec)  J4B 5X9
Telephone: 450-641-4000 | Toll-free: 1-866-506-4000