http://www.samlexamerica.com/privacy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Your
Privacy is Important To Us
For this
reason, we have established a privacy policy that safeguards your personal
information, and we are committed to protecting its confidentiality:
We will limit the collection and
use of personal information to what is necessary to administer our
business, provide you with the highest quality service, and offer you
opportunities we think will be of interest.
We will not disclose any
individual information except in the limited circumstances described
below.
We wholeheartedly support strong
and effective privacy guidelines and practices on the Web and believe that
these will enhance everyone's use of the Web.
Collected
Information
We collect
information about you when you register with us or purchase products from us, from
our use of "cookies" and other tracking technology as you access our
web site.Â  We use "cookies" to
enable you to properly access, display, or read information on our web site, to
permit information to follow you from page to page, and to keep track of your
interests and preferences. You can set your browser to alert you whenever you
are about to receive a "cookie" and then you can choose not to accept
it. If you do so, however, you may experience abnormal functionality while using
samlexamerica.com.
What do
we do with this information?
We use
personal information you provide to us - such as your name and
address, telephone or fax number, or email address - to fulfill your
orders, to contact you with questions or information about your orders, and to
provide you with information that you request. We may also use this information
and information about your interests and preferences in our continuing efforts
to keep our customers and friends informed about new and exciting products,
services, and promotions that we offer, which may include mailings, telephone
calls, and email mailings.
We value
our relationship with you and hope that find our electronic communications to
be helpful and informative
You may, however, choose to opt out of receiving future promotional
communication from SAMLEX. In compliance with the 2003 Can SPAM Act, we offer
the ability to opt out of receiving communications from us at any time by
sending us a message indicating your request to: marketing@samlexamerica.com.
Independent
Contractors
We may
employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as
sending email, analyzing customer lists and data, or provide consulting
services. These third parties will have access to the information needed to
perform their functions, but cannot use that information for any other purpose.
Except for
this sharing, we will not intentionally disclose any personal information about
you unless we are required to do so by law. We use reasonable precautions to
keep your personal information secure and to disclose it only to third parties
we believe will use it appropriately. We are not responsible, however, for
breaches of security or for any actions of third parties who receive the
information. We also link to other websites. We are not responsible for the
privacy policies of other web sites, and we urge you to examine their policies
before disclosing any information.
Policy
Updates
Please check
our web site periodically for updates as SAMLEX may update this policy from
time to time. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted
on the site. Notice of any material changes in the manner in which SAMLEX
handles personally identifiable information under this policy will be provided
on the Site.
How to
Contact Us
If you wish
to contact us - to correct personal information or elect not to receive
communications either from us or from third parties or just to ask us any
questions about these matters - email us at: marketing@samlexamerica.com.
If you wish
to contact us - to correct personal information or elect not to receive
communications either from us or from third parties or just to ask us any
questions about these matters - email us at: marketing@samlexamerica.com.
Privacy
Home>Privacy
Privacy
Home
About Us
OEM Services
Contact Us
by Model
by Keyword
Search
Download Our Product Guide
Descarga nuestra Guia de Producto en Espanol Guia
Where to buy
Unit 103 - 4268 Lozells Ave, Burnaby, BC, V5A 0C6, Canada
Ph: 1-800-561-5885   Fx: 1-888-814-5210
Please visit us at Samlex Solar to view our complete line of mobile solar products.
About Us
Products
OEM Services
Customer Support
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Where To Buy
© Copyright 2004 - 2020, Samlex
America Inc.
All Rights Reserved.