http://www.1stwesterngroup.com/privacy-policy/
Main Menu
Sales & Acquisitions
Loans
Featured Properties
Farm Management
1031 Exchanges
Additional Links
Home
Newsletter
Solutions
Payment Calculator
Recommended Professionals
Glossary
Contact Us
1st Western Group, Inc. collects nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information received from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with 1st Western Group, Inc., 1st Western Group, Inc.’s affiliates, or others; and
Information received from a consumer reporting agency.
1st Western Group, Inc. does not disclose any nonpublic personal information about its customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law.
1st Western Group, Inc. may share all the information that it collects, as described above, with its affiliates. By sharing this information, we can better serve your financial needs. If you do not wish for us to share this information with our affiliates you may contact us.
1st Western Group, Inc. may disclose the following information to companies that perform marketing services on its behalf or to other financial institutions with whom it has joint marketing agreements:
Information received from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income;
Information about your transactions with 1st Western Group, Inc., 1st Western Group, Inc.’s affiliates, or others, such as your account balance, payment history, and parties to transactions;
Information received from a consumer reporting agency, such as your creditworthiness and credit history.
1st Western Group, Inc. restricts access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. 1st Western Group, Inc. maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations in order to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Professional Affiliations:
Site Links
Home
About
Real Estate
Glossary
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Contact
1st Western Group, Inc.
5090 North Fruit Ave
Fresno, CA. 93711
(559) 225-5915
Location
Licensing