http://www.productionhub.com/about/legal
Find Crew & Vendors
Search for Crew & Vendors
Post Crew & Vendor Requests
Post Full-time & Part-time Jobs
Full-Service Crewing
Find Work & Get Found
Get Listed on ProductionHUB
Advertise with Us
Crew & Vendor Leads
Full-time & Part-time Jobs
About
About Us
Media Downloads
Our Partners
Testimonials
Frequently Asked Questions
Resources
Videos & Demo Reels
Buy & Sell Used Equipment
Casting Notices
Classifieds
News
Blog
Events
Newsletter
ProductionHUB TV
Press Releases
Newsstand
NABHUB
IBCHUB
4KHUB
COVID-19 Updates
Sign In
Join
Choose type
Profiles
Jobs
Leads
Casting Notices
Videos & Demo Reels
Events
Gear for Sale
Classifieds
Blog Posts
Press Releases
Find
In response to COVID-19's impact on the production industry, ProductionHUB is taking steps to help freelancers and businesses pivot and plan for the future. Please visit our COVID-19 page for updates, related blog content, tips and links to resources to help you through this time.
Home
About Us
User Agreement
User Agreement
ProductionHUB.com respects the privacy of its users. Please take time to review our privacy policy.
ProductionHUB has taken all reasonable measures to ensure the accuracy of the links and profiles within this website (https://www.productionhub.com/). We invite you to bring to our attention any information you believe to be inaccurate. Please respond to General Information, along with an explanation of your objection.
The Web is an evolving medium. ProductionHUB.com may change the terms of this agreement from time to time. By continuing to use this service following such changes, you agree to be bound by this agreement, as modified. ProductionHUB.com may change, restrict access to, suspend, or discontinue this service, or any portion of this service, at any time. ProductionHUB makes no claims, guarantees or warranties in regard to accuracy or completeness of information and cannot accept responsibility for any errors or omissions or any liability resulting from the use or misuse of any such information. The provider reserves the right to refuse any material not in keeping with the professional standards of ProductionHUB. Further, there is no claim made to the legality or decency of material contained within linked sites, and all links are to be accessed at the user's own risk. ProductionHUB.com, at its sole discretion, may choose to change the terms, conditions and operation of this website at anytime.
The profiles that appear on ProductionHUB.com are for informational purposes only. Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time. Before purchasing goods or services you've read about on ProductionHUB.com, you should confirm with the vendor any information, including the price that is important to your purchasing decision. ProductionHUB.com is not responsible for, and does not guarantee the performance of, any such goods or services.
ProductionHUB Featured Profiles
A Featured profile in the ProductionHUB Directory is an annual paid premium profile. Featured Profile's portfolios supersede all other profiles with bold text and icon. Featured Profile's portfolios can display: full contact information, description of products and services, links to e-mail and website, credits, clients, and jobs, associations/organizations, and streaming video. It is a Featured Profile's responsibility to keep all portfolio information up to date and accurate. Featured Profile's who elect to pay monthly and cancel their membership before fulfilling their annual contract will be charged an early termination fee of $150. (Early termination fee only applies to the first year of service)
All Featured profiles are reviewed and are subject to approval by ProductionHUB.com before placement. ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to reject any company, individual, description, graphic, or URL. ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to revise its Featured Profile's rates at any time. Violation of any part of this agreement may result in termination of Featured Profile's privileges and the forfeiture of any and all payments made to ProductionHUB.
ProductionHUB Request Engine
ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to monitor all requests submitted to the ProductionHUB Request Engine. Requests determined inappropriate, at the sole discretion of ProductionHUB.com, will be deleted from the system. ProductionHUB monitors requests to qualify the best possible leads for ProductionHUB vendors and to ensure the best possible responses for our buyers. ProductionHUB vendors may only contact Buyers in regards to their specific requests submitted in the ProductionHUB Request Engine.
ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to cancel the User Account of any User deemed to be misusing the service, at the sole discretion of ProductionHUB.com.
Classifieds
ProductionHUB.com's Classifieds section is a service that brings production buyers and sellers together. The seller, not ProductionHUB.com, supplies information about a particular product or service. The price and other terms of any sale remain subject to direct negotiation between the buyer and the seller/provider. Though we hope that all who come to ProductionHUB.com will act honorably and treat each other fairly, we can't verify the information they supply or guarantee the products or services they offer. When using this service to find a product or service or, we urge you to use the same common sense and good judgment you would in selling goods and services through, or responding to, a classified ad in the newspaper.
For your convenience, ProductionHUB.com has listed a variety of links to other websites, not operated by ProductionHUB.com, where you can obtain information on specific equipment manufacturers and their products. While ProductionHUB.com encourages you to consult such websites, ProductionHUB.com cannot guarantee nor be responsible for the prices, terms, quality, reliability or performance of the products or services provided by these vendors.
Those who offer products and services through ProductionHUB.com should be prepared to provide the product or service they advertise at the price(s) at which, and the terms of which, they advertise them. To list any product or service on ProductionHUB.com, sellers are required to provide certain identifying and contact information. The information should accurately identify the seller and the method of contact should permit buyers to communicate directly with the seller without any alteration to the content of their communications. ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to deny use of this service to anyone who does not comply with these requirements or who otherwise uses the service in manner we consider inappropriate. However, products or services placed on ProductionHUB.com should not be considered in compliance with the above requirements and ProductionHUB.com cannot guarantee nor be responsible for the prices, terms, quality, reliability or performance of the products or services provided by these individuals.
ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to refuse to post any profiles deemed unacceptable by ProductionHUB.com. ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to cancel the User Account of any User deemed to be misusing the service, at the sole discretion of ProductionHUB.com.
ProductionHUB Job Listings
ProductionHUB.com acts as a venue for companies to post job opportunities. ProductionHUB.com does not screen or censor the profiles or other information. ProductionHUB.com has no control over the quality, safety or legality of the jobs or profiles posted the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of companies to offer job opportunities to candidates or the ability of candidates to fill job openings. ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to refuse to post any profiles deemed unacceptable by ProductionHUB.com.
ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to cancel the User Account of any User deemed to be misusing the service, at the sole discretion of ProductionHUB.com.
ProductionHUB Events Calendar
ProductionHUB.com acts as a venue for companies and individuals to post events and other online resources for the production community. Although we strive to maintain these areas with the most informative and accurate information, we can't insure the complete and total accuracy of the items and events posted in these sections.
ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to refuse to post any profiles deemed unacceptable by ProductionHUB.com.
ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to cancel the User Account of any User deemed to be misusing the service, at the sole discretion of ProductionHUB.com.
Contacting profiles on ProductionHUB
Registered Users on ProductionHUB.com have the ability to search and contact the profiles in the ProductionHUB Directory.
Registered Users are only authorized to contact the profiles if they are interested in purchasing or hiring the services or products offered by the companies and individuals listed.
Unauthorized uses that can result in a termination of the User’s Account include contacting profiles with the intention of trying to sell a product, pitch an idea, or solicit employment.
ProductionHUB.com reserves the right to cancel the User Account of any User deemed to be misusing the service, at the sole discretion of ProductionHUB.com.
E-mail Addresses
Your e-mail address is hidden and protected on the site. Users will be able to e-mail you through our system without seeing your e-mail address. If at the time of registration you indicated it was okay for ProductionHUB to send you our monthly newsletter and/or other industry related offers, we will do so. E-mails will be sent by ProductionHUB, for ProductionHUB, or on the behalf of a third party. ProductionHUB is committed to providing the industry with a reputable service without intruding on your privacy. The e-mails that you receive help in supporting the free services ProductionHUB provides. If at any time you decide not to receive e-mails from ProductionHUB, please inform us by calling 877.629.4122 or unsubscribe at the bottom of the e-mail received.
Use of Content on the Site
In addition to the general restrictions listed above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of content while visiting ProductionHUB.com.
The content on ProductionHUB.com, except for all User Postings (as defined below), including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, search engine optimization techniques, categories, interactive features and the like ("Content") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks"), are owned by or licensed to ProductionHUB.com, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law. Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, distributed, broadcast, displayed, licensed, sold, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. ProductionHUB.com reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and the Content.
You may access Videos only:
for your information and personal use;
as intended through the normal functionality of ProductionHUB.com; and
for Streaming.
"Streaming" means a contemporaneous digital transmission of an audiovisual work via the Internet from ProductionHUB.com to a user's electronic device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-time viewing and not intended to be copied, stored, permanently saved, sold or redistributed by the user. Accessing User Videos for any purpose or in any manner other than Streaming is expressly prohibited. User Videos are only made available on an "as is” basis.
User Comments are made available to you for your information and personal use solely as intended through the normal functionality of the ProductionHUB.com. User Comments are made available "as is", and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, downloaded, or otherwise exploited in any manner not intended by the normal functionality of ProductionHUB.com or otherwise as prohibited under this Agreement.
You may access ProductionHUB.com Content, Videos and other content only as permitted under this Agreement. ProductionHUB reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the ProductionHUB Content.
You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Content other than expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of User Posts of third parties obtained through the Website for any commercial purposes.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of ProductionHUB.com or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of ProductionHUB.com or the Content therein.
You understand that when using ProductionHUB.com, you will be exposed to information and videos (content) from a variety of sources, and that ProductionHUB.com is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Postings. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Postings that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against ProductionHUB.com with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold ProductionHUB, its Owners/Operators, affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the site.
User Postings and Conduct
As a ProductionHUB registered user you may submit video content ("User Videos"), textual comments on User Postings ("User Comments") and informational profiles ("User Listings"). User Videos, User Comments and User profiles are collectively referred to as "User Postings." You understand that regardless of whether or not such User Postings are published, ProductionHUB.com does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Postings.
You shall be solely responsible for your own User Postings and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Postings, you affirm, represent, and guarantee that: you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize ProductionHUB Inc. to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Postings to enable inclusion and use of the User Postings in the manner contemplated by ProductionHUB Inc. and this User Agreement.
To clarify, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Postings. However, by submitting User Postings to ProductionHUB.com, you hereby grant ProductionHUB Inc a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Postings in connection with ProductionHUB.com and ProductionHUB, Inc. (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of ProductionHUB.com (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each user of ProductionHUB.com a non-exclusive license to access your User Postings through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Postings as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these Terms of Service. The above licenses granted by you in User Videos terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your User Videos from ProductionHUB.com. You understand and agree, however, that ProductionHUB may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of User Postings that have been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in User Comments are perpetual and irrevocable.
In connection with User Postings, you further agree that you will not submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary or restrictive rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant ProductionHUB all of the license rights granted herein.
ProductionHUB does not endorse any User Postings or any opinion, recommendation, viewpoint, or advice expressed therein, and ProductionHUB expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Postings. ProductionHUB reserves the right to restrict users who promote violence against or threaten other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, nationality, sexual orientation, gender identity, religious affiliation, disability or age. ProductionHUB does not endorse or permit copyright infringement of intellectual property rights on its Website, and ProductionHUB will remove all Content and User Postings if properly notified that such Content or User Postings infringes on another's intellectual property rights. ProductionHUB reserves the right to remove Content and User Postings without prior notice.
Account Termination Policy
ProductionHUB will terminate a User's access to its Website if, under appropriate circumstances, they are determined to be a repeat infringer.
ProductionHUB reserves the right to decide whether Content or User Postings are appropriate and comply with this User Agreement for violations other than copyright infringement, such as, but not limited to, pornography, obscene or defamatory material, or excessive length. ProductionHUB may remove such User Postings and/or terminate a User's access for uploading such material in violation of this User Agreement at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
ProductionHUB may terminate a User's access for any reason at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
Pricing Policy
Below are the current prices for profiles in our directory:
Featured Profile in 6 Categories — 12 monthly payments of $69.00 ($828.00 total) or one single payment of $699.00.
Featured Profile in 12 Categories — 12 monthly payments of $89.00 ($1,068.00 total) or one single payment of $899.00.
Featured Profile in 18 Categories — 12 monthly payments of $109.00 ($1,308.00 total) or one single payment of $1,099.00.
Trial Featured Profile in 6 categories for 4 Months — single payment of $275.00 good for 4 months.
The complete list of featured profile benefits are detailed here.
A basic profile, including 1 FREE Response Credit every month and listed in two categories, is available for $5.99 per month.
Cancellation Policy
Basic Profiles can cancel at any time by logging in to their account and selecting "cancel subscription."
Featured Profiles who elect to pay monthly and cancel their membership before fulfilling their first annual contract will be charged an early termination fee of $150. Once the first year has been completed, monthly featured profiles may cancel at any time.
Terms of Use
A user shall use ProductionHUB.com for lawful purposes only. A user shall not post or transmit through ProductionHUB.com any material which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, which is unlawful, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable, which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law, or which, without ProductionHUB.com's express prior approval, contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services. Any conduct by a user that in productionhub.com's discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying productionhub.com will not be permitted. A user shall not use ProductionHUB.com to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation, including, but not limited to, the solicitation of users to become subscribers of other on-line information services competitive with ProductionHUB.com.
ProductionHUB contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound, and the entire contents of productionhub.com are copyrighted as a collective work under United States copyright laws. Productionhub.com owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. Users may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part. This includes search directory profiles, job listings, equipment listings, newsstand, calendar events, classified profiles and all other content on ProductionHUB.com. A user may download copyrighted material for their personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of ProductionHUB.com and the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. A user acknowledges that they do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
A user shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on ProductionHUB.com any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right and the burden of determining that any material is not protected by copyright rests with the user. A user shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission. By submitting material to any public area of ProductionHUB.com, a user automatically grants, or warrants that the owner of such material has expressly granted ProductionHUB.com the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such material. A user also permits any other user to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that user's personal use. A user hereby grants ProductionHUB.com the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any material made available on ProductionHUB.com by that user.
The foregoing provisions of section 1 are for the benefit of ProductionHUB.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates and its third party content providers and licensors and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly or on its own behalf.
No Warranties
The service (to include options) is provided without warranties of any kind, whether expressed, implied or statutory including but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness of the service for a particular purpose and non-infringement of any third party rights. ProductionHUB.com makes no warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, regarding the quality, accuracy, or validity of the data and/or information sent or accessed through its site or that the service will be error free.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstance shall ProductionHUB.com and its subsidiaries, directors, employees or affiliates be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages (including, without limitation, lost profits) whether or not foreseeable, that result in any way from a customer's use of or inability to use the service or the equipment obtained through the service, or customer's reliance on information provided, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletions or any failure of performance, even if ProductionHUB.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In any case, ProductionHUB.com's entire liability under or existing out of this agreement is limited to the sum total of payments made by customer to ProductionHUB.com during the six months immediately preceding the event for which damages are claimed. No action or proceeding against ProductionHUB.com may be commenced more than one (1) year after the service giving rise to the claim is rendered.
Indemnification
Customer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold ProductionHUB.com and its subsidiaries, directors, employees and affiliates harmless from any claims, losses or damages, including attorney's fees, relating to any violation of this agreement by customer or placement of or transmission of any message, information, software or other materials on the internet by customer or user authorized by customer to do so. This indemnification shall survive the termination of the agreement.
Choice of Law
This agreement has been made in Orlando, Florida and is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida. YOU CONSENT to and agree that personal jurisdiction over YOU and all disputes over this agreement may at our OUR option be with the courts of the State of Florida or the Federal District Court for the Middle District of Florida, with respect to any provision of this agreement.
If you have any questions or concerns about anything contained in this document, please e-mail us or call us toll free at 877.629.4122. Thank you.