http://www.qualichem.com/corporate/privacy-policy
QualiChem Privacy Policy | QualiChem
QualiChem Metalworking Fluids and Water Treatment
Metalworking FluidsWater TreatmentCorporate HomepagePress Release
You are hereHome » QualiChem Privacy Policy
QualiChem Privacy Policy
QualiChem respects your privacy and strives to help you protect your personal information.  This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of how we use the information you provide to us and with whom it is shared.
Your Consent
By using our website and specifically by filling out one of our online forms, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as is described in this Privacy Policy.  If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this website.  This Privacy Policy was last updated August 1, 2018
Use of Personal Information
We use the information you give us to perform the services you request.  For example, if you fill out a form requesting more information about QualiChem, we will use the information you provide us to contact you about QualiChem products.  We may also use information you provide us or information we collect to help us improve your experience on our website.
Use of Information
We collect information to provide you with services, deliver products to you, and to keep you informed about our products.
For example, if you provide your information to us, we may use it in the following ways:
To provide you special offers, news, updates, and promotions; or
To deliver of sample materials or orders;
We will not sell, rent, exchange or share your personal information with any third parties without permission or except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The Type of Information We May Collect
If you fill out a form with QualiChem online, we may collect your contact information, such as name, address, email, and telephone number.  We may also collect your payment information.
When you visit our website, we may also collect your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, computer or mobile device type, or navigation and clickstream information.  This information is used to help us improve users’ experience our website.
Correcting and updating your information
We retain the information you share with us for as long as we need to in order to provide you the services you request.  For example, if you order product from QualiChem, we will keep your personal information on file in order to help us process your order and future orders.  We also retain other data generated by you (i.e., data generated when you browse our website) in a depersonalized or aggregated form in order to help us improve users’ experience on our website.  We may also retain your information for a reasonable period of time for QualiChem to conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or other legitimate business interests.
If you believe any personal data we maintain about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to correct it.  In addition, you may ask for a copy of it, or you may ask us to delete it.  If you have a request about your data or any concerns about the information you provide to us, please contact us at privacy@qualichem.com.
Where your data may be sent
If you are located outside of the United States, we may transfer the personal data you provide to us to the United States.  By sharing your data with us, you consent to the transfer of your data to the United States.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags) to recognize you and/or your devices on, off, and across our different websites.  You can control how cookies are used through your browser settings and other tools.
Children’s Privacy.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
Your California Privacy Rights.
(a) California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. (b) California residents who are registered users may also request and obtain removal of content.  You may request such removal by emailing us at privacy@qualichem.com. In your request, please provide a description of the material that you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, and include your name, email address and the subject line “California Removal Request” so that we can process your request.
QualiChem, Inc. 2003 Salem Industrial Dr., Salem, VA 24153 | ISO 9001:2015
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
phone: (540) 375-6700
fax: (540) 375-3880
Water Treatment Videos on Youtube QualiChem on LinkedIn QualiChem Water Treatment on Facebook