https://www.fishwindowcleaning.com/ca-privacy-policy#personalinformation
HomeServicesLocationsAbout UsContact UsCareersFranchise Info
HomeServicesCommercialResidentialGutter CleaningLocationsLocation MapComplete Location ListAbout UsAbout UsTestimonialsPhoto GalleryGiving BackIn The NewsContact UsEstimate FormFeedback FormResidential Customer SurveyCommercial Customer SurveyCareersFranchise Info
CommercialResidentialGutter CleaningLocation MapComplete Location ListBlogAbout UsTestimonialsPhoto GalleryGiving BackIn The NewsPress ReleasesEstimate FormFeedback FormResidential Customer SurveyCommercial Customer SurveyRequests to KnowRequests to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal InformationRequests for DeletionCalifornia Collection NoticeDo Not Sell My InfoPress Releases
We are open for business and ready to make your day a little brighter. Learn more about the precautions we are taking.
We are open for business!
California Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy for California Residents ("California Privacy Policy") supplements the information contained in Fish Window Cleaning's primary Privacy Policy. Fish Window Cleaning ("we," "us," or "our") has adopted this California Privacy Policy in accordance with the notice requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended ("CCPA"), and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this California Privacy Policy.
This California Privacy Policy is parallel in scope to our Privacy Policy.
Effective Date
June 29, 2020
Definitions Specific to this Policy
The CCPA includes definitions for terms specific to this California Privacy Policy that do not apply to Fish Window Cleaning's Privacy Policy, including the following terms:
"Personal Information" means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information does not include publicly available information obtained from government records; deidentified or aggregated consumer information that cannot be reconstructed to identify you; any information covered under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or the California Financial Information Privacy Act, activities covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, or protected health information as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act.
"Sale" or "sell" means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
"Service Provider" means a sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, association, or other legal entity that is organized or operated for the profit or financial benefit of its shareholders or other owners, that processes information on behalf of a business and to which the business discloses a consumer's Personal Information for a business purpose pursuant to a written contract.
"Third Party" means a person or entity who is not a business that collects Personal Information from consumers, as defined in the CCPA, and to whom the business discloses a consumer's Personal Information for a business purpose pursuant to a written contract.
The Personal Information We Collect and Disclose
The chart below shows the categories of Personal Information we may collect; examples of the type of Personal Information in each category; all types of sources from which each category of Personal Information is collected; the business purpose(s) for which that category of Personal Information is collected; and all types of third parties with whom that category of Personal Information is shared. As this chart shows, we disclose certain Personal Information to third parties for a business purpose. We also sell or share certain Personal Information to or with third parties. We do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years old without affirmative authorization. This information covers the past 12 months.
Categories of Personal Information
Examples:
Types of Sources from which the Category of Personal Information is Collected
Business Purpose(s) for Collection
Types of Third Parties with Whom this Category of Personal Information is Sold or Shared and/or Disclosed
Unique identifiers
Name, signature, address, telephone, email, account name, online identifier, IP address
Website forms, telephone, email, and point-of-sale systems
To provide the requested information, products, or services.
Business intelligence and analysis
Customer relationship management (CRM) and marketing communications
Feedback collection
Digital advertising, social media platforms
CRM vendor
Financial information
Bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information
Telephone, third party online payment forms
Payment for products or services provided
Credit card processing partners
Insurance information
Insurance policy number, health insurance information
Telephone, email, or in-person
Only collected in the event of an injury of a franchisee's employee on a property if the property owner is at fault
Protected class data
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, including: race, ancestry, national origin, age (40 years or older), marital status, sex, sexual orientation, medical condition, disability, genetics, and veteran or military status
3rd party data partners
Business intelligence and analysis
Digital advertising, social media platforms
Purchase history
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Point-of-sale system
Business intelligence and analysis
CRM vendor
Internet activity
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site or application, or advertisement
Website
Business intelligence and analysis
Digital advertising partners, social media platforms
Geolocation data
Geolocation data
Website, point-of-sale system
To provide relevant location-based service options
Business intelligence and analysis
Digital advertising partners, social media platforms
We will not collect a category of Personal Information not listed above, or use any Personal Information collected in any of the above categories for a business purpose not listed above, without providing you with notice.
You have the right to request certain information regarding the Personal Information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months. You may make such a request up to twice in a 12-month span. Please note that there are circumstances in which we may not be able to comply with your request pursuant to the CCPA, including when we cannot verify your request and/or when there is a conflict with our own obligations to comply with other legal or regulatory requirements. We will notify you following submission of your request if this is the case.
If you would like to request (1) the categories of Personal Information collected about you; (2) the business purpose for collection of that Personal Information; (3) the categories of sources providing that Personal information; (4) the categories of Personal Information shared or sold; (5) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared or sold that Personal Information; and (6) the associated purpose for sharing, click here or call (877) 707-3474. The link will take you to an interactive webform that you can complete and submit to make a request for information that we will then verify; if you use the telephone number, you will be guided through a process that will allow you to submit a verifiable request.
If you would like to request the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you, click here or call (877) 707-3474. The link will take you to an interactive webform that you can complete and submit to make a request for information that we will then verify; if you use the telephone number, you will be guided through a process that will allow you to submit a verifiable request.
Verification Process
Upon receipt of the request to know, request to opt-out, and/or request to delete, we will attempt to verify your identity. If you submit a request to know or request to opt-out, two data points are used to identify you before the process is initiated. If you submit a request to delete, three data points are used to identify you before the process is initiated.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise any of the rights provided by the CCPA set forth in this California Privacy Policy. Please note that a legitimate denial of a request for information, deletion, or to opt-out is not discriminatory, nor is charging a fee for excessive or repetitive consumer requests, as permitted by the CCPA.
Deletion of Your Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete certain Personal Information that we have collected. Please note that there are circumstances in which we may not be able to comply with your request pursuant to the CCPA, including when we cannot verify your request and/or when there is a conflict with our own obligations to comply with other legal or regulatory requirements. We will notify you following submission of your request if this is the case.
If you would like to request that we delete your Personal Information pursuant to the requirements of the CCPA, click here or call (877) 707-3474. The link will take you to an interactive webform that you can complete and submit to make a request for deletion that we will then verify; if you use the telephone number, you will be guided through a process that will allow you to submit a verifiable request.
Authorized Agents
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights under the CCPA on your behalf.
Pursuant to the CCPA:
Only a business entity or natural person registered with the California Secretary of State may act as an authorized agent.
You must provide the authorized agent written permission to exercise your rights under the CCPA on your behalf.
We may deny a request from an authorized agent on your behalf if the authorized agent does not submit proof that he, she, or it has been authorized by you to act on your behalf if we request such proof, as permitted by the CCPA.
Even if you use an authorized agent to exercise your rights under the CCPA on your behalf, pursuant to the CCPA we may still require that you verify your own identity directly to us. This provision does not apply if you have provided with a power of attorney under California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
Personal Information of Minors - Children Under the Age of Sixteen
We are proud of this Site and we strive to ensure that it doesn’t offend people of any age. However, this Site is not intended for children or minors under the age of sixteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. If you believe that a child has submitted personal information on or through this Site without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, please contact us using the information provided below so that we can take appropriate action.
Right to Opt-Out
You have the right to request that we do not sell Personal Information that we have collected. If you exercise that right, please note that pursuant to the CCPA we may have to subsequently inform you that you need to opt-in if the sale of your Personal Information is required to complete a transaction you have initiated. If opting-in is required, we will provide you with the necessary instructions.
If you would like to request that we do not sell your Personal Information pursuant to the requirements of the CCPA, click here or call (877) 707-3474. The link will take you to an interactive webform that you can complete and submit to make a request for deletion; if you use the telephone number, you will be guided through a process that will allow you to submit a request.
If you used an authorized agent to submit your request to opt-out, we will request that the agent provide us with proof that he, she, or it has been authorized by you to act on your behalf. The CCPA requires that you provide the authorized agent written permission to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
If you opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information, we will wait at least 12 months before asking you if we may sell your Personal Information.
Additional Information
If you would like additional information regarding our California Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@fishwindowcleaning.com.
Additional California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our web site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to other parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@fishwindowcleaning.com with the subject "Shine the Light Request".
You may view our main Privacy Policy here or contact us at privacy@fishwindowcleaning.com or (877) 707-3474 with any questions.
Changes to Our California Privacy Policy
Fish Window Cleaning reserves the right to amend this California Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this California Privacy Policy, we will post an updated notice on our website with the effective date.
Link to Go Back to Start of California Privacy Policy: https://www.fishwindowcleaning.com/ca-privacy-policy
Quick Links
ServicesComplete Location ListAbout UsPhoto GalleryGiving BackLinksContact Us
Information
Franchise InfoJobsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyAbout AdsSite MapAccessibility PolicyCOVID-19 UpdateCA Privacy PolicyCalifornia Collection NoticeDo Not Sell My Info
Copyright ©2020 Fish Window Cleaning. All rights reserved. | Login
Each location is independently owned and operated.
Testimonials “We are very pleased with Fish window cleaning
and we would use no other, or recommend anyone else.
”
“This is my second business location
and after the great service at my first
location, there was no consideration
of anyone else.”
read more »
Employment Opportunities
The window of opportunity is open! Learn a valuable and fun skill while gaining a further understanding of how a local business operates to help advance your career. Fish Window Cleaning franchise locations are looking for new team members who have a sincere desire to make the world a little brighter.