http://www.myojosingapore.com/terms
Home
History
Media
Contact Us
Home
History
Media
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
1. CopyrightThe contents of this web site, such as text, graphics, images and other material, are protected by copyright. No part or parts of the website shall be reproduced, distributed adapted, modified, republished, displayed, broadcast, hyperlinked, framed or transmitted in any manner or by any means or stored in an information retrieval system without the prior written permission of Nissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd. You must not, without the prior written permission of Nissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd, insert a hyperlink to this website on any other website or "mirror" any Material contained on this website or any other server.2. IndemnityBy accessing this website, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Nissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd from and against any claims, actions or demands, alleging or resulting from your use of the Material or your breach of the terms of this agreement.3. PrivacyAt Nissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd, our principal concern is the responsible use of information that users and clients share and disclose to us. Nissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd commitment towards guaranteed confidentiality and privacy at all times is clearly articulated in our Privacy Policy.By using this site and providing information as a registered user, you are in agreement with our privacy policy. Our company reserves the right to makes changes and corrections, at any time and without notice to the websites, its services and to its contents, including changes and corrections to this agreement.Marketing Activity Terms & ConditionsBy participating in the Marketing Activity of Nissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd, you agree to the Terms & Conditions set out herein, which is supplementary to any other agreements as may be applicable in the circumstances.1. DefinitionsFor the purposes of the Terms & Conditions:"Content" means any information, text, photographs, graphics, audio and video clips, or other materials or works submitted to Nissin Foods Singapore or posted, displayed or published on this Website or the Facebook page of Nissin Foods Singapore, pursuant to your participation in the Marketing Activity.
"Marketing Activity" means any marketing or promotional activity, including contests of any kind, online or otherwise, conducted by or on behalf of Nissin Foods Singapore.
"We", "us", "our" and "Nissin Foods Singapore" mean Nissin Foods Singapore Pte Ltd and any of its affiliated companies as appropriate to the context.
"You" and "your" mean any person participating in the Marketing Activity of Nissin Foods Singapore.
2. Content*Nissin Foods Singapore does not claim ownership rights in any Content that you submit to Nissin Foods Singapore, or post, display or publish on this Website or the Facebook page of Nissin Foods Singapore pursuant to the Marketing Activity.By submitting Content to Nissin Foods Singapore or posting, displaying or publishing Content on this Website or the Facebook page of Nissin Foods Singapore, you grant Nissin Foods Singapore a worldwide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable, irrevocable, royalty-free licence in perpetuity to use, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display, distribute or communicate such Content in any and all present or future media or distribution methods.
You will not submit to Nissin Foods Singapore, or post, display or publish on this Website or the Facebook page of Nissin Foods Singapore, any confidential Content. Any Content so submitted, posted, displayed or published will be deemed as non-confidential in nature.
You will not submit, post, display or publish any violent, indecent, pornographic, discriminatory, infringing, defamatory or otherwise unlawful Content.
Nissin Foods Singapore respects the intellectual property rights of others, and expects you to do the same. You will not use Content that infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party, or otherwise violates the law.You represent and warrant that you have all rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content that you submit, post, display or publish.
Nissin Foods Singapore reserves the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing or in breach of the Terms & Conditions without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you.
3. Personal DataAny personal data you provide to Nissin Foods Singapore will be collected, used, disclosed by Nissin Foods Singapore, our affiliates and our authorised service providers for the following purposes:to conduct the Marketing Activity which you have participated in;
to market our products and services to you; and
to conduct market research.
Your personal data will be processed by us in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act.4. Intellectual Property RightsYou will not use, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display, distribute or communicate any content, trade mark or other intellectual property owned or licensed by Nissin Foods Singapore and its affiliates, except with the prior written consent of Nissin Foods Singapore.
Any trademarks, graphic symbols, logos or intellectual property contained in any materials used in connection with the Marketing Activity are the property of their respective owners. NISSIN FOODS Singapore and its affiliates and contractors are not related to, or endorsed by or sponsored by, such owners and their relevant affiliates.
5. Marketing ActivityBreach of the Terms & Conditions may result in your disqualification from the Marketing Activity without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you.
Incomplete, indecipherable, illegible or incorrect entries will be disqualified.
Entries received after the closing date will be disqualified.
Nissin Foods Singapore will not be liable for any entries lost, delayed, misdirected, damaged or undelivered. We will not be liable for technical errors in telecommunications networks, Internet access or otherwise preventing entry to the Marketing Activity.
Nissin Foods Singapore reserves the right at any time in its sole discretion to:cancel or modify the Marketing Activity, or
substitute the prizes, where applicable, with any product of equivalent value.
Nissin Foods Singapore’s decision on all matters relating to the Marketing Activity shall be final and binding on you, and no correspondence will be entertained.
Prizes, where applicable,are non-transferable and non-exchangeable for cash or other products; and
will be forfeited if winners do not respond within 2 months of the announcement of the results. Unclaimed prizes, or the equivalent value, shall be disposed by Nissin Foods Singapore’s in its sole discretion.
If you win the Marketing Activity, you may be required to participate in photo taking sessions or other public relations events in connection with the Marketing Activity.
Acceptance of the prize, where applicable, will constitute consent on your part to allow the use of your Content and personal data by Nissin Foods Singapore for editorial, advertising, promotional and marketing purposes, without further compensation, in any media for an unlimited period of time, except where prohibited by law.
6. Liabilities*By participating in the Marketing Activity or accepting the prizes, you agree that Nissin Foods Singapore will not be liable for any and all losses, damages, actions, proceedings, costs, claims, demands and/or liabilities arising out of or in connection with the Marketing Activity and, where applicable, the prizes.
*You undertake to indemnify and at all times hereafter to keep Nissin Foods Singapore indemnified against any and all losses, damages, actions, proceedings, costs, claims, demands and/or liabilities which may be suffered or incurred by Nissin Foods Singapore or asserted against Nissin Foods Singapore by any person or entity, in respect of any matter or event whatsoever arising out of or in connection with your breach of the Terms & Conditions.
7. GeneralNissin Foods Singapore reserves the right to amend, vary or delete any provisions in the Terms & Conditions without prior notice. Any updates to the Terms & Conditions shall be placed on this webpage. The latest update was on 28 August 2014.
In the event of any conflict, inconsistency or ambiguity between the Terms & Conditions and any other agreements as may be applicable in the circumstances (e.g.the terms and conditions on the contest form), the latter agreements shall prevail to the extent of the conflict, inconsistency or ambiguity, unless expressly stated otherwise in such agreements.
The Terms & Conditions are made solely for the benefit of Nissin Foods Singapore and you, and no other person shall have or acquire any right by virtue of the Terms & Conditions unless otherwise agreed to by Nissin Foods Singapore and you. The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act is expressly excluded from application.
A failure or a delay by either party to exercise any right or remedy under the Terms & Conditions shall not be construed or operate as a waiver of that right or remedy nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy preclude the further exercise of that right or remedy.
Each of the provisions contained in the Terms & Conditions shall be construed as independent of every other such provision, so that if any provision of the Terms & Conditions shall be determined by any court or competent authority to be illegal, invalid and/or unenforceable then such determination shall not affect any other provision of the Terms & Conditions, all of which other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
The Terms & Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore.
Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms & Conditions, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The Tribunal shall consist of 1 arbitrator. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
© NISSIN FOODS SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
PRIVACY
TERMS