http://www.riskcare.com/privacy/
By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies, as set out in our privacy policy.
Privacy
Protecting the privacy of our users
Respecting and protecting individual client privacy has been vital to our business for two decades. We take the utmost care to protect the privacy of users of the Riskcare website. Set out below is an explanation of how we process information about visitors to the site.
Collection of personal information
The information that we collect and store during normal use of the site is used to monitor and analyse how parts of the site are used. Such use does not result in any personally identifiable data being collected or stored.
You have the option on certain pages within this site to submit personal information to Riskcare Limited in order that we might send you further information or call you. These pages provide explanations as to how this information is to be used.
We will not disclose without your consent any personal information we collect about you when you visit the site to a third party outside Riskcare Limited. In connection with any application, request or enquiry you make, your information will be passed directly to the relevant business unit within the company.
By submitting your personal information through this website, you shall be consenting to it being processed in the manner described above by Riskcare Limited.
If you have submitted personal information through this website and wish us to cease using it for the purposes submitted, please click here or contact us on (0) 20 7614 3600.
Website cookies usage
What are cookies?
A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a small text file placed on an internet user’s computing device. Cookies are created and used by websites to allow website functions to operate, such as recalling your preferences, and to allow the monitoring of the website usage which helps us improve the user experience on the website.
Disabling cookies
If you do not wish to receive cookies from this website you can adjust your browser settings to refuse or screen cookies. You can find instructions on how to configure this within the majority of web browsers and versions here.
If you set your browser to refuse cookies from this website, please be aware this may impair the functionality and your usability of the website.Cookies used by this website
Third-party cookies
Riskcare uses a number of third parties, which set cookies through this website in order to deliver the services they provide.
Third Party Cookies/Description
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz: Google Analytics sets a cookie to evaluate your use of the Riskcare website, allowing Riskcare to monitor and improve the websiteNID, PREF: Google Maps