http://www.webbpaton.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Webbpaton
Menu
Home
Meet the team
What We Do
Entitlement Trading
Renewable Energy
Properties
Links
Latest News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Confidentiality and Data Protection
This privacy policy sets out how WebbPaton will process your personal and sensitive data provided to us or collected from you when you visit our website and/or engage our services. Please read the following policy carefully to understand how we will manage your personal and sensitive data.
WebbPaton is a defined as a data controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 and is registered with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) under Z8070292. WebbPaton only collects or uses personal information for those purposes indicated in our notification with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
The information we collect
We process personal data including but not limited to:
– Name, address and contact details,
– Correspondence with you, such as any information that you have provided
– Information and documentation pertaining to your personal circumstances
– Information regarding living individuals (e.g. customers / suppliers, staff)
– Financial details
– Data provided to prove your identity
How we use information
We may gain information about you from your use of our website. It may be ‘voluntary information’ – information that you provide to us such as personal data, (e.g. contact details or information contained in an employment application form) or ‘involuntary information’- information that we gather through our monitoring of visits to this website.
Involuntary information will not generally identify individual visitors to our website and is mainly statistical. It will be used mainly to improve the website and its navigability, and to identify areas that are of most interest to visitors.
Where visitors are identified they can be either individuals in their own right and/or organisations that already have relationships with us, and the information we gain will be used in developing those relationships and improving the services we provide.
The information obtained will be retained and utilised in accordance with all applicable laws – in particular, the Data Protection Act 1998, in accordance with which WebbPaton will maintain and protect the confidentiality of your information.
Navigating and using our website will not normally require you to provide personal data. Although, you may need to provide personal data if you would like to use other services available on the website. WebbPaton is the sole owner of the data collected and will not transfer, trade, sell or share the data outside of its sister business Farm XS Ltd. Farm XS Ltd is wholly owned by the partners in WebbPaton.
We will only use the personal data supplied for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, the personal data will be used for our technical and client administration purposes, and to deliver a contractual service. We may use the data if required to do so by law and for legitimate grounds as a data controller. We will use the information to improve our services and for marketing purposes only where a person/organisation has supplied explicit consent. Further, WebbPaton will use your data to respond to your enquiries, provide you with services and manage your relationship with us.
WebbPaton may engage third party suppliers, (Data Processors) to provide us with support in certain areas of the business. We will ensure contractual obligations are in place to ensure the processing of personal data is kept confidential, secure and only processed under our explicit instructions and in line with the 8 Principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.
We will regularly review the personal information we hold about you and make changes to any service or information-handling processes when the law or the Information Commissioner request such changes.
Please note that by using our website you consent to the processing and collection of any personal data that you provide in the manner described.
Registration for events
Registration forms may need to be completed in order for you to attend or show your interest in attending an event. We may ask you to provide personal data regarding your name, company name, email address, telephone number and postcode. This information enables WebbPaton to contact you about the events in which you have expressed an interest in. These details will be added to our current delegates’ database and used to identify areas where we can improve our services.
Newsletters
WebbPaton will only provide you with e-bulletins and sector wide newsletters that you have consented to receiving. This will either be through you positively consenting on our subscription form by ticking a box stating for example you wish to receive the newsletter via email or you have directly contacted us requesting a subscription. If you would like to unsubscribe to receiving updates please email post@webbpaton.co.uk.
Links and IP addresses
Our websites contain links to various third party websites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any external websites that are linked from our sites.
WebbPaton uses IP addresses in order to assess patterns, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, track visitors to the websites movements and to manage our website. WebbPaton does not link the IP addresses with any personal identifiable information.
Applying to work at WebbPaton
The individual to whom the Curriculum Vitae (CV) relates to is the owner of this information and by supplying this to us you consent for the processing of your data. If you submit an application to work for WebbPaton we will use your personal information to process your application and to produce and monitor recruitment statistics as an equal opportunities employer. We will not take up references without your prior permission. We will not share or disclose your information unless you have given us your consent or we are required to by law. We may be required to carry out a Disclosure and Barring Service check, SC checks, other vetting and right to work in the United Kingdom checks. When we do so we will comply with the law and your rights when carrying out these checks.
We retain personal information relating to unsuccessful applicants for no longer than 12 months, for use in the event of an appeal. We produce statistical information to assist with recruitment analysis.
How we share your personal information
We will not normally share your information without your consent unless we are required to by law. We may seek your consent directly, or may obtain it by telling you about how your information may be used at the time you provide information or enter into a contract with us.
If WebbPaton merges or is subject to a take-over, we may disclose your information to the new business owners or business partners.
Our legal obligations
We will share specific and relevant information where required to by law, with law enforcement and government agencies or public bodies where we are legally required to do so. Examples may include:
– The prevention or detection of crime and fraud
– The apprehension or prosecution of offenders
– The assessment or collection of tax or duty owed to customs and excise
– In connection with legal proceedings
– In relation to the physical or mental health of an individual, where disclosure is required to protect them or others from serious harm and to protect their vital interests
– Research and statistical purposes
Sharing information with our contractors and suppliers
There are some cases when we will share your information to support legitimate business purposes. We do this to ensure that we can meet your needs, and also to meet our health and safety obligations towards those delivering services on our behalf. This may include sharing information with our contractors and suppliers to enable them to carry out duties on our behalf or to meet contractual obligations we may have. We will ensure that the third party supplier has the appropriate safeguards to protect your data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and only processes data on our instructions.
Keeping your information secure
We store personal information both electronically and in paper form. We implement security policies, processes and technical security solutions to protect the personal information we hold from:
– Unauthorised access
– Improper use or disclosure
– Unauthorised modification
– Unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All of our employees, contractors and third parties that we engage to process data on our or your behalf are obliged to treat the data confidentially. We hold and process personal data inside the EEA and in doing so we will ensure proper safeguards are in place.
How we use your email and telephone number
When making an enquiry on our website you will be required to enter your contact number and email address. Contact via telephone, text messages and email provides a direct way to contact you regarding queries. WebbPaton may share information with you about the services we can deliver to you.
We may use your telephone number and email address that you have provided us, to keep in contact with you. When we send SMS/text messages or emails, there may be someone in your household who may read the message before you are able to. You may like to inform the people who live with you that you may receive text messages from time to time.
Electronic communications through emails will be monitored by WebbPaton but only in so far as to be compliant with the law. This is to enable WebbPaton to fulfill its regulatory / legal obligations and its own internal policies.
Operational SMS/Text messaging, calls and emails
Your telephone contact details and email address may be used to send you operational messages. Examples of operational messages include:
– Confirming an appointment
– Sending a reminder about an appointment
– Asking you to contact a named person
– Responding to your email or phone message
You cannot opt-out of the use of your telephone numbers for operational purposes. However, where there is a legitimate need we will make reasonable adjustments.
Sharing your telephone number and email address with third parties
WebbPaton may pass your telephone number and email address to third parties so that we can meet our contractual obligations with you. We may also share your telephone number and email address if we are required to by law and we will comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 when we do so.
We may supply the details to our approved third party contractors who are delivering or performing services on our behalf, and these companies must not use your information for any other purpose. We never share or sell your telephone numbers or email address to telesales/marketing companies.
Contacting us about your personal information
We will be as open as possible with you about the personal information we hold about you, if you feel your information is wrong or are dissatisfied on how your information is being processed please contact us. If something is wrong we want to work with you to put it right.
You have the right to have inaccurate/outdated information amended, deleted or destroyed. If any of your circumstances change please contact us. You have the right to object to direct marketing, know about automated decisions we make about your data, object to the use of data which causes you damage or distress. You can seek compensation via the courts if you feel a serious contravention of your rights has occurred.
Finding out about the personal information we hold about you
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal information about you by writing to our Data Protection Officer, WebbPaton, Hook, Royal Wootton Bassett, Wiltshire, SN4 8EF.
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you a number of rights in relation to your personal information. You can find out about your rights, and get further guidance, on the ICO website.
Requesting a copy of your personal information
As part of our service to you, we are happy to provide you with copies of personal data held. We will provide this on receipt of a formal written request. This is called a ‘subject access request’. If you make a subject access request we will provide you with a readable copy of the personal information we hold about you. You will only receive the information the Data Protection Act 1998 state are not exempt from disclosure. To make a subject access request you must:
– Make your request in writing
– Provide proof of your identity
– Pay a £10 fee
Please send your request to Data Protection Officer via post@webbpaton.co.uk.
Questions and complaints
Please tell us if you have a concern about the personal information we hold about you, or how we use it. We’ll do our best to help. If, after contacting us, you are still not satisfied you can complain to the Information Commissioner. You can also apply to the Court for compensation for distress and/or damages due to non-compliance of the Data Protection Act.
If you want to contact us specifically about the privacy of your personal information, please contact the firm’s Data Protection Officer.
Keeping this policy updated
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and this policy does not form a contract between the user and WebbPaton. This privacy notice was last updated on 17.05.2018
Cookies Notice – if you continue to use our site we may assume that you agree to our use of cookies
Important notice for users – Like most websites, this site uses cookies. These are small files of data that collect information about how visitors use our site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. The information is only used to improve the responsiveness of our website when you visit.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
For more information about cookies please read our cookies policy.
Cookie policy
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file of data, usually consisting of letters and numbers, which is downloaded onto your computer or mobile internet device. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. A cookie cannot be used to identify you personally but it can allow a website to recognise you if you visit the site again and can as a result improve its responsiveness to you when you revisit.
Types of cookies
There are lots of different types of cookies which can be used in different ways. Below are some useful descriptions which will allow you to differentiate between certain types of cookies.
– Session cookies:  these cookies only last for the duration of a browser session and expire when you leave a website and the session ends. They enable the website to track a user’s actions on a website during that session. For example, these cookies are used to allow the website operator to recall items placed by a user in an electronic shopping basket to purchase during a visit to their site. The information would not be retained if the user left the website and the session ended.
– Persistent cookies: these cookies are stored on the user’s equipment between browsing sessions and allow a website to recognise you on your return. More intrusive persistent cookies can be used to track your activities across other websites and can be used in order to target advertising based on your browser activities. Our website does not use persistent cookies.
– First-party cookies: these are cookies that are planted by the website you are visiting.  The cookie can be identified by the website each time a user returns. For example, these cookies can be used by the website to store log in details so that a user does not need to re-enter their username and password on every visit to the site.
– Third-party cookies: these are cookies that are planted by third parties with the permission of the operator of the website you are visiting.  Third party cookies are used by a range of third parties in a variety of different ways. For example, they can be used by third parties who provide security to purchasing transactions or, as is increasingly common, by advertisers. Our website does not use third party cookies.
How to block cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. If you choose to decline cookies used by our website you will still be able to use the site.
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact us.
Terms of business
By accessing and using this website you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions which apply to that access and use:
Your access
You may only access this website for your own use.  You may not exploit any part of this website, or any information or documentation contained on it commercially.
Disclaimer
You agree that your use of this website shall be subject to the disclaimer in this part of this site, which is incorporated into the terms of this agreement
Copyright
All of the materials on this website are, unless otherwise stated, subject to copyright, either of WebbPaton or of suppliers to WebbPaton.  No material on this website may be used without the written consent of WebbPaton, save that you may make copies of individual items (but not substantial parts of the website) for personal use, and provide copies to others for similar use.  If you provide any copy to a third party you must also provide that person with a copy of this copyright notice.
You may not vary any material that you copy, and any copyright notice in any item must remain, without alteration.
Software
You must not, without our prior consent, download, copy, modify, distribute or decompile any of the software that operates this website, which is owned by either us or our suppliers.
Restricted Areas
Certain parts of this website may only be accessed with specific authorisation from WebbPaton.  The content of such restricted areas is confidential and may be the subject of legal privilege.   If you think you have unauthorised access to any part of the site please leave that part immediately and advise us. In particular, you must not download, copy, distribute or use any documents or files hosted in a restricted area unless you hold written confirmation from WebbPaton that you are authorised to do so.
If you have been given password access to a restricted area you must not allow anyone else to use your password.  If you think that anyone else has obtained your password you must notify us immediately by e-mail at post@webbpaton.co.uk.
Documentation and Files sent to us
You agree that:
you will virus-check any file or document that you intend sending to us via this website and that you must not send any file or document to us that you know contains, or believe may contain a virus; and
you will not send us, via this website, any document or file that you are not legally entitled to send to us without restriction.
Changes
We may at any time:
close or modify this website; or
vary or amend these terms and conditions (in which case any change shall take effect upon being posted to this website).
Links
Electronic links may be freely made to this website.
Severance
If any term of this agreement (including any disclaimer) is, or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, that shall not affect:
the legality, validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other term of this agreement (or of such disclaimer);
the legality, validity or enforceability in other jurisdictions of that, or any other provision of this agreement (or such disclaimer).
Law and Jurisdiction
Any dispute in relation to this website shall be governed by English law and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts for the determination of any such dispute.
Interest policy
This policy sets out WebbPaton’s policy in relation to banking arrangements and interest earned on money held by WebbPaton on behalf of clients or other people who deposit monies with us.
All monies which we hold on behalf of others will be placed in a separate client account. Our instant access client account is at Barclays Bank, 10-14 High Street, Swindon. The name on the account is the WebbPaton Clients Premium Account. The sort code for the branch is 20-84-58, and the account number is 90802352. On occasion we may place money from the WebbPaton Clients Premium Account on short term Treasury Deposit under the name WebbPaton Client. We retain all interest earned to enable us to keep the fees that we charge you as competitive as possible.
Complaints regarding this policy and the amount of interest paid should be directed to the relevant Partner. If this does not result in a satisfactory resolution then clients may refer the matter to the Ombudsman.
Our regulatory information can be viewed here.
Complaints policy
WebbPaton is committed to providing a high quality service which deals with all our clients fairly and consistently. We acknowledge that we may not always get it right so if something has gone wrong, including in relation to the bill, we need you to tell us.
How do I make a complaint?
You can contact us in writing or by speaking directly with a Partner who can be contacted in the following ways:
– by calling 01793 842055
– by email to post@webbpaton.co.uk
– by fax to 01793 842066
– by post to Complaints, WebbPaton, The Dairy, Hook, Royal Wootton Bassett, Wiltshire, SN4 8EF
What information should I include with my complaint?
To help us to fully understand your complaint, please tell us:
– your full name and contact details
– what you think we have got wrong
– what you hope to achieve as a result of your complaint, and
– your file reference number (if you have it)
If you require any help in making your complaint we will try to help you.
How will you deal with my complaint?
We will:
– record your complaint centrally and track each stage of the investigation;
– write to you within two working days acknowledging your complaint and enclosing a copy of this policy;
– review and investigate your complaint by reviewing your file(s) and other relevant documents, and speaking with the person who dealt with your matter;
– only ask you for further information or documents if it is necessary to complete the investigation and we will always make it clear if this information is required within a specific period of time;
– update you on the progress of your complaint at appropriate times;
– invite you to a meeting to discuss your complaint, if appropriate, which can either be done face to face or over the telephone, if preferred; you do not have to attend if you do not wish to or if you are unable to;
– write to you at the end of our investigation to explain what we have done and what we propose to do to resolve your complaint;
– respond to you within 20 working days of the date of our letter of acknowledgement, wherever possible;
– conclude the process within 8 weeks from the date of receipt of your complaint; and
– let you know if we find that it will take longer than anticipated.
What if I am not satisfied with the outcome?
If you are unhappy with the outcome of our complaints handling procedure please let us know in the first instance and we will review the matter. If you are still unhappy you can refer the complaint to the ‘Ombudsman Services: Property (Consumer Clients) or the ‘Neutral Evaluation Procedure for Surveying Disputes’ (Commercial Clients) care of the RICS in the following manner:
– by post to the RICS, 12 Great George Street, Parliament Square, SW1P 3AD
– or via www.rics.org/regulation
What will it cost?
We will not charge you for handling your complaint. Please note that if we have issued a bill for work done on the matter, and all or some of the bill is not paid, we may be entitled to charge interest on the amount outstanding. The RICS service is free of charge.
Disclaimer
Website information – no liability
The materials on this website are provided for general information purposes only, and do not provide definitive advice.  They do not amount to legal or other professional advice and so you should not rely on any information contained on this website as if it were such advice.
WebbPaton does not accept any responsibility for any loss which may arise from reliance on any information published on this site.  Definitive advice can only be given with full knowledge of all relevant facts.  If you need such advice please contact a member of our professional staff.
Errors
Although we monitor this website to ensure accuracy and functionality we cannot guarantee that this website and the services provided through it will be free of error.  If you become aware of any error, please advise us.
Viruses
Although we virus-check everything we place on this website we cannot guarantee that files and documents downloaded from it will be virus-free.  Accordingly, we do not accept any liability for any loss or damage caused by any virus.  In order to protect yourself, you should use anti-virus software when accessing this site
External internet sites and links
This site contains links to other websites, and other websites may have links to this site.  We do not endorse other websites or have any responsibility for their content, and we do not accept any liability for any loss or damage which you may suffer through your access to those sites or through your use of documents or information contained on them.
Unauthorised access
Although we do take steps to maintain security, we cannot guarantee that persons cannot gain unauthorised access to confidential information hosted on, or downloaded from this website.  Where encryption technology is used, we do not guarantee its functionality or that it is the best or strongest available.
Professional indemnity insurance
The firm currently has professional indemnity insurance with The PI Desk Limited.
Details about the coverage and indemnity limits of our professional indemnity insurance are set out in our terms of business.
Download Privacy Policy PDF
WebbPaton
WebbPaton of Royal Wootton Bassett near Swindon in Wiltshire are land agents, rural and agricultural valuers, renewable energy specialists, farm waste collectors and development land consultants who specialise in helping the rural and farming sector of landowners, farmers and tenants.
WebbPaton was established by Mark Webb and George Paton in 1999.
Privacy Policy
RICS Client Money Protection Scheme Certificate
Contact Information
Address:
WebbPaton |
The Dairy |
Hook |
Royal Wootton Bassett
Wiltshire | SN4 8EF
Phone:
01793 842055
Email:
post@webbpaton.co.uk
©
2020