http://www.centigon.com/content/legal
Legal notice
LEGAL NOTICE
Published on 03/03/2017
The legal notices concerning centigon.com, the site, are indicated on this page in accordance with the French law for confidence in the digital economy (LCEN) of June 2004.
Editor
Company name: Centigon Holdings France
Legal form: Simplified Joint Stock Company
Address of the registered office: 37 Rue des Mathurins - 75008 Paris
Amount of share capital: € 8,939,504
Email: contact@centigon.com
Phone: 02.96.50.12.90
Registration number RCS: 410 476 444
Name and capacity of the person responsible of the publication:
Franck BAUCHER
President
Design:
Frenchify
Hosting:
SwissCenter
World Trade Center
Av. Gratta-Paille 2
1018 Lausanne
Switzerland
T. +41 21 64 10 10
E: info@swisscenter.com
Intellectual property
In accordance with the Intellectual Property Code, the reproduction, in whole or in part, of texts, images or illustrations not explicitly intended to be downloaded by visitors, is prohibited without prior authorization of the publisher. Any unauthorized use will likely constitute a violation of copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity and communications laws and regulations.
Hypertext links
The site provides links to other sites. We systematically indicate to which site we propose you to go. However, these web pages whose addresses are regularly checked are not part of our site and they do not engage our responsibility.
The creation of hypertext links to our site can not be made without prior written authorization and does not engage our responsibility.
Personal data
In accordance with the provisions of Law n ° 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to data processing, files and freedoms, you have the right to access, modify, rectify and delete data concerning yourself. To request a modification, correction or deletion of the data, you only have to send us a letter by electronic or postal way proving your identity.
Limitation of Liability
The publisher will endeavor to present on this site only accurate and up-to-date information; However, no warranty is made in this regard by the publisher, which can not be held responsible for any errors or omissions affecting the content of the site.
Centigon Security Group
Your life is precious,
Entrust it to our specialists!
Learn more
Worldwide Delivery
Centigon, as close as required
Learn more