https://www.dpfacilities.com/privacy-policy/
Solutions
Data Center Build-To-Suit
Colocation
Locations
Wise, VA Campus
Ashburn, VA Corporate HQ
Hannibal, OH Campus
Salt Lake City, UT
Denver, CO
Reno, NV
Austin, TX
Atlanta, GA
Industries
Commercial
Government
Compliance
Resources
Blog
Op-eds
In The News
News Releases
About Us
Our Vision
Who We Are
Partners
FAQ
Sustainability
Contact
Linkedin
Twitter
Youtube
PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified August 24, 2018
ATTENTION:  PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THIS MINERAL GAP PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”), WHICH IS PART OF THE MINERAL GAP TERMS OF USE, BEFORE YOU ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE USE THE WEBSITE.
The Website, https://mineralgap.com, is operated by DP Facilities, Inc., [5978 Windswept Blvd. Wise, VA 24293] (“We”, “DP Facilities” or “Mineral Gap”). This Privacy Policy describes the information collected through Your use of the Website, how We use it, how We share it, how We protect it, and the choices You can make about Your information.
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE. USING THE WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN FULL. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE. You acknowledge (a) that You have read and understood this Privacy Policy; and (b) this Privacy Policy shall have the same force and effect as a signed agreement.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Website shall be subject to this Privacy Policy.
If We have Your email address, We will notify You of material changes to this Privacy Policy via email. If we do not have your email address, We will update this page to reflect any changes to this Privacy Policy. Please review the Privacy Policy each time You use the Website. BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE MOST RECENT VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY.
I.               Information We Collect
We collect information from You when You use the Website, contact or interact with us, sign up for our newsletter or other mailing list, schedule a data center tour, and voluntarily provide us with Your comments and other content in connection with using the Website.
When You sign up for a newsletter, request a data center tour, or otherwise contact us, we may collect:  Your name, contact information including email address, telephone number, job title, company/organization, and any other information that You voluntarily provide to us.
When You access and use the Website, we automatically collect information regarding You and Your device, including Your device’s Internet Protocol address, the domain name of Your Internet Website provider, your location, Your mobile device information (e.g. device model and operating system version), your page visits, and aggregated information that cannot be used to specifically identify You. Additional information collected is described in the Analytics and Cookies sections below.
We may collect information about You from third party sources. The Website provides links to our YouTube page. If You connect with these other websites through the Website, We may receive personal information about You.
We may combine all of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
II.              How We Use Your Information
We use the information that We collect for several purposes, including:
The purposes for which You provided it;
To provide information and Websites to You;
To process and respond to Your inquiries and comments;
To send You information about Your relationship with us or about new projects or other information that we think you may find interesting;
To contact you for market research purposes and to use this information to customize the Website according to your interests;
To administer, operate, and improve the Website or to further the mission of Mineral Gap;
To personalize and enhance Your experience using the Website;
To send periodic emails. If you choose, the email address You provide may be used to send You occasional news, updates, related product or Website information, etc. Note:  If at any time You would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, We include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email;
To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Website usage patterns;
To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability or popularity of the Website;
To compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;
To prevent fraud and abuse of the Website and to otherwise protect users and visitors and our business;
To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas; and
To perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, personal information We collect may be processed by our partners in providing services related to the Website (such as administration services, technical services relating to the maintenance, servicing, and upgrading of software, hosting services, customer service, data migration services, and analytical services, among others).
III.            How Your Information is Disclosed
Information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please note that a user may choose not to share certain information as described in Your Choices Regarding Your Information below.
A.             Third Party Website Providers and Business Partners.
We may use third party service providers and business partners to perform functions in connection with the Website, such as email marketing, site analytics, social sharing, relationship management, functions related to analyzing and improving the Website usefulness, reliability, user experience, and operation, storing data, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We also may share Your personal information with these providers and partners for their direct marketing and promotional purposes and so they can provide services to you.
DoubleClick.  We use DoubleClick to improve advertising. DoubleClick is a Google/Alphabet service used to improve advertising. For more information on the information DoubleClick will collect, please visit:  https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en&ref_topic=7395141. If You wish to opt out of DoubleClick’s use of cookies, please visit: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en&ref_topic=7048998 or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/.
YouTube.  By clicking on the YouTube button on the Service, You will automatically be transported to the official YouTube Page of Mineral Gap, https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB519zSaW2Ta0x_jeZC4Vjg.
B.             Business Changes.
If We become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, We may transfer Your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith.
C.              Affiliates.
We may also share Your information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our affiliates will be required to maintain that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
D.             Investigations and Law.
We may disclose information about You to third parties if We believe that such disclosure is necessary to:
Comply with the law or guidance and cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties;
Investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, the rights, reputation, safety, and property of us, users or others, or violations of our policies or other agreements with us;
Respond to claims and legal process (for example, subpoenas); and/or
Protect against legal liability.
E.              Aggregated Information.
We may share aggregated information relating to users of the Website with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. This aggregated information does not contain personal information about any user.
F.              Analytics.
We use third-party analytics tools to better understand who is using the Website and how people are using it. These tools may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about Your use of the Website and Your preferences and activities. These tools collect information sent by Your device or the Website and other information that assists us in improving the Website. This information may be used to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand Your online activity, among other things.
We use Google Analytics to better understand who is using the Website and how people are using it. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect and store information such as Website pages visited, places where users click, time spent on each Website page, Internet Protocol address, type of operating system used, location-based data, device ID, search history, gender, age, and phone number. We use this information to improve the Website and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Please see http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ for information about how Google Analytics uses this information, and visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout for information about the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Google may track your activity over time and across websites.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We, along with third parties, use cookies, local storage objects, Web beacons and other technologies. These technologies are used for tracking, analytics and personalization and optimization of the Website.
Cookies are small files that are transferred to and stored on Your computer through Your Web browser (if You allow it) that enable the website’s or service provider’s system to recognize Your browser and capture and remember certain information. You can instruct Your browser to stop accepting cookies. But if You do not accept cookies, You may not be able to use all portions of all functionality of the Website.
Persistent cookies remain on the visitor’s computer after the browser has been closed.
Session cookies exist only during a visitor’s online session and disappear from the visitor’s computer when they close the browser software.
Flash cookies (also known as local shared objects) are data files that can be created on your computer by the websites you visit and are a way for websites to store information for later use. Flash cookies are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies. You can disable the storage of flash cookies. For additional information about managing and disabling flash cookies, please visit http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.
Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. You can disable the ability of Web beacons to capture information by blocking cookies.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies on the website to help us understand and save Your preferences and interests so We can personalize Your future visits and compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction so that We can offer better website experiences and tools in the future.
Some of our business partners, such as our analytics providers, advertising networks, social sharing provider, and social media connections, also use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website, some of which may track users across websites and over time.
IV.            Security
We implement a variety of security measures to protect the safety of Your personal information when You enter, submit, or access Your personal information.
While We take reasonable measures to protect the information You submit via the Website against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. No Internet, email, or mobile application transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Email or other messages sent through the Website may not be secure. You should use caution whenever submitting information through the Website and take special care in deciding with which information You provide us.
We cannot guarantee that transmissions of Your personal information will be fully secure and that third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or the security measures of our partners.  WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION DUE TO TRANSMISSION ERRORS, THIRD PARTY ACCESS, OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
Any information collected through the Website is stored and processed in the United States. If you use our Website outside of the United States, you consent to have your data transferred to the United States.
V.             Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Your information for as long as You use the Website and for a reasonable time thereafter. We may maintain anonymized or aggregated data, including usage data, for analytics purposes. We may retain and use Your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or for the period required by laws in applicable jurisdictions. Please note that some or all of the information We have collected may be required for the Website to function properly.
VI.            Links to Other Websites or Applications
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website. The Website may contain links to other websites or apps or may forward users to other websites or apps that We may not own or operate and to which this Privacy Policy does not apply. The links from the Website do not imply that We endorse or have reviewed these other websites or apps. The policies and procedures We describe here do not apply to these other websites or apps. We neither can control nor are responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other websites or apps. We suggest contacting these other websites or app providers directly for information on their privacy policies. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Website, and welcome any feedback about these linked other websites and mobile applications.
VII.          Your Choices Regarding Your Information
You have choices regarding the use of information by the Website.
Changing Your Information – To change Your information, please contact us at info@MineralGap.com.
VIII.         Information Collected From Other Websites and Mobile Applications and Do Not Track Policy
Your browser or device may offer You a “Do Not Track” option, which allows You to signal to operators of websites, web applications, mobile applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that You do not wish such operators to track certain of Your online activities over time and/or across different websites or applications. Our Website does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that We or our analytics providers or other third parties with which We are working may collect information about Your online activity both during and after Your use of the Website.
IX.            Children
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from an individual under age 13. If You are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Website. If You have reason to believe that We may have accidentally received personal information from an individual under age 13, please contact us immediately at info@MineralGap.com.
X.             Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before You provide any information. This Privacy Policy was made effective on the date indicated above.
XI.            How to Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us by email at info@MineralGap.com or by writing us at Mineral Gap, [5978 Windswept Blvd. Wise, VA 24293], if You have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
XII.          Your California Privacy Rights
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at info@MineralGap.com or by writing us at Mineral Gap, [5978 Windswept Blvd. Wise, VA 24293].
© Copyright - DP Facilities, Inc. - 2020 | Call: (866) 589-6125 | Email: info@dpfacilities.com
About
Privacy Policy