http://www.forestfeast.com/privacy-policy/
Home Camp
Gathered Gnawledge
Our Savvy Snacks
Cherrypick & Choose
Original Snack Explorers
Bitesize Blog
Mother Nature’s Recipes
Let’s Rendezvous
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Kestrel Foods is committed to protecting your personal information by processing it responsibly and safeguarding it using appropriate technical, administrative and physical security measures, and to meeting its data protection obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Our Privacy Policy below aims to provide you with information on how we collect, use and store your personal information.
Who We Are
Kestrel Foods Limited is a company registered in Northern Ireland under company number NI 31111.  Our registered office is at Unit 8 Carn Drive, Carn Industrial Estate, Portadown, Northern Ireland, BT63 5WJ.  For the purposes of data protection Kestrel Foods is the ‘controller’ of the information you provide to us.
What information do we collect?
Information you provide to us when you:
Complete a form as a Customer or Supplier;
Create an account with us;
Complete on-line order via our website;
Correspond with us by phone, email, in writing or via social media;
Enter competitions organised by us;
Sign up to receive our communications.
The information we may collect includes:
Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone / mobile number)
Business information (such as job title, department and name of organisation, company registration number and vat number)
Financial information (such as credit card, billing address, banking details)
We may also receive information about you from Credit Rating Agencies as a result of a credit check.
We operate a CCTV system at our premises for the detection and prevention of crime in accordance with our CCTV System Policy.
We may also take photographs at our events for general marketing and publicity.
How do we use personal information and legal basis for processing your personal data?
We collect your personal data for performance of a contract, in order to provide the products to you, to communicate with you in relation to the provision of the contracted products and to provide you with administrative support such as account creation, responding to issues and taking payments.
We store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes and we may be required by law to respond to a request by government or law enforcement authorities, or for the prevention of crime or fraud.
We store your personal data for legitimate business interest for the purposes of providing you with brochures, information about our events, offers and promotions and the delivery of prizes won through competitions organised by us.
We may contact you by e-mail, phone, fax or mail, unless you have opted for us not to do so.
When do we share personal data?
We treat all personal data confidentially.  We may share your data with trusted third parties including legal, accounting and other professional advisers, consultants and professional experts.
We will ensure there is a contract in place which includes obligations in relation to the confidentiality, security and lawful processing of any personal data shared with them.
Personal data that you contribute to Social Media Applications can be read, collected and used by other users of the application.  We have little or no control over these other users and therefore, we cannot guarantee that any information that you contribute to any social media applications will be processed in accordance with this privacy notice.
Notice to Debtors
In the normal course of business we may give information about you (‘Debtor Information’) to our bank and insurers to allow them to provide services to us and to manage our account.  The Debtors information may also identify the names or personal information (such as address information) of your owners, partners or directors.
The Debtor Information may include details of account balances, historical payment experiences, and other information regarding the conduct of your account such as disputes, defaults etc.
The Bank may store and process the Debtor Information on their computer system(s) and in any other way.  Such information may be used by them and other companies within their Group for training purposes, credit or financial assessments, market and product analysis, making and receiving payments, recovering monies and preparing statistics.  They may also use such information to prevent fraud, bad debts and money laundering.
The Bank may also give information about your account and its indebtedness to: their insurers or reinsurers so they can quote for and issue any policy or deal with any claim; any guarantor or indemnifier of our obligations to them (if any); and Group company of them or any advisor acting on our or their behalf.
How do we secure personal data?
We do all we can to protect your personal data, and this includes having the right technology.  Our network is protected and regularly monitored.  We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration or disclosure and have security measures in place, including password protection.
If you use debit or credit card to purchase something whether on-line, over the phone or by mail, we’ll process your information securely.  We never store your debit or credit card details once your transaction is complete – they are all securely destroyed.
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your personal data, the transmission of data over the internet (including by email) is never completely secure.  We endeavour to protect personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to us or by us.
Our use of cookies and other information-gathering technologies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. The information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. This helps us to improve our website. You can set your browser not to accept cookies. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function if you remove cookies from your browser.
Social media, and similar services
Any social media posts or comments you make to us (e.g. on our facebook page) will be shared under the terms of the relevant social media platform on which they are made and could be made public by that platform. These platforms are controlled by other organisations, and so we are not responsible for this sharing. You should review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the social media platforms you use to ensure you understand how they will use your information, what information relating to you they will place in the public domain and how you can stop them from doing so if you are unhappy about it. You are responsible for ensuring that any comments you make comply with any relevant policy on acceptable use of those services.
We hold your social media information in the course of operating our social media accounts on Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin, Youtube, and Google. Our lawful basis for this and the taking of photographs at our events is that it is necessary in order to pursue our legitimate interest in maintaining a visible, engaging and relevant social media presence for the purpose of general marketing and publicity.
Sale of Business
If Kestrel’s business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed onto the new business owners.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
The time frame we keep information varies according to what it is used for and in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements.  Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep information, we will retain your information for as long as it is relevant and useful for the purpose for which it was collected.  We do not hold data for longer than necessary.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and withdraw your consent.
Your Rights in relation to personal data
Under data protection laws you have a number of rights.
Right to Access
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold by contacting us at the email or postal address given below.
To help us process you request you will need to provide the following information:
Name
Address
Nature of relationship with Kestrel Foods (example customer, supplier etc.)
We will endeavour to respond within a reasonable period and in any event within one month in compliance with Data Protection Legislation.  Please note that there are exceptions to this right.  We may be unable to make all information available to you if, for example, making the information available to you would reveal personal data about another person, if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information, or if your request is excessive.
Right to rectification
We aim to keep your personal data accurate and complete.  We encourage you to contact us using the contact details below to let us know if any of your personal data is not accurate or changes, so that we can keep your personal data up to date. We will strive to update the information as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data where, for example, the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to withdraw consent to any direct marketing from us, or your personal data has been unlawfully processed.  If you would like to request that your personal data is erased, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
Right to restriction
You have the right to request that we stop processing your personal data if you disagree over the accuracy of the personal data, the reason for processing, or if you wish us to retain your personal data for longer than our retention period, e.g. to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim.
Right to object
You have the right to object to us processing your data where we are processing it for the purpose of legitimate interests. You can also object to direct marketing communications from us about products, offers, competitions, or services and any profiling that we perform in relation to direct marketing.
Withdrawing consent to use your information
Where we use your personal information with your consent you may withdraw that consent at any time and we will stop using that personal information for the purpose(s) for which consent was given. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
Right to request portability
If you have provided your personal data to us under contract or because you consented to the processing and use the data by automated means, then you have the right to instruct us to transmit that personal data to you or another data controller in a machine-readable format.
If you are unhappy about the way we handle your personal data please contact us using the details below and we will do our best to address your concerns.
Please note GDPR sets out exceptions to these rights.  If we are unable to comply with your request due to an exception we will explain this to you in our response.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the relevant request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under review and reserve the right to update or amend this privacy notice at any time, including where we intend to further process your personal information for a purpose other than that for which the personal information was collected or where we intend to process new types of personal information.
Complaints
If you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority, Information Commissioner’s Office http://ico.org.uk/.
How to contact us
If you have any queries about the Policy, or about exercising your rights including updating your marketing preferences, please contact:
enquiries@forestfeast.com
Or alternatively by post
Kestrel Foods
Unit 8 Carn Drive
Carn Industrial Estate
Portadown
BT63 5WJ
Bare Necessities
Your own batch from scratch
Unfortunately we do not ship to Jersey or the Channel Islands. Sorry for any inconvenience caused. Dismiss