http://www.timeglow.com.au/pages/terms-and-conditions
Terms and conditions
Website Terms and Conditions of Use About the Website1.1. Welcome to www.allsortsworkwear.com.au (the 'Website'). The Website provides you with an opportunity to browse and purchase various products that have been listed for sale through the Website (the 'Products'). The Website provides this service by way of granting you access to the content on the Website (the 'Purchase Services').1.2. The Website is operated by PUJ Venture PTY Ltd (ACN 625390061). Access to and use of the Website, or any of its associated Products or Purchase Services, is provided by Flash Uniforms. Please read these terms and conditions (the 'Terms') carefully. By using, browsing and/or reading the Website, this signifies that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, you must cease usage of the Website, or any of the Purchase Services, immediately.1.3. Flash Uniforms reserves the right to review and change any of the Terms by updating this page at its sole discretion. When Flash Uniforms updates the Terms, it will use reasonable endeavours to provide you with notice of updates to the Terms. Any changes to the Terms take immediate effect from the date of their publication. Before you continue, we recommend you keep a copy of the Terms for your records Acceptance of the TermsYou accept the Terms by remaining on the Website. You may also accept the Terms by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms where this option is made available to you by Flash Uniforms in the user interface. Registration to use the Purchase Services3.1. In order to access the Purchase Services, you must first register as a user of the Website. As part of the registration process, or as part of your continued use of the Purchase Services, you may be required to provide personal information about yourself (such as identification or contact details), including:(a) an email address(b) preferred username(c) a mailing address(d) a telephone number(e) a password.3.2. You warrant that any information you give to Flash Uniforms in the course of completing the registration process will always be accurate, correct and up to date.3.3. Once you have completed the registration process, you will be a registered member of the Website ('Member') and agree to be bound by the Terms. As a Member you will be granted immediate access to the Purchase Services.3.4. You may not use the Purchase Services and may not accept the Terms if:(a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Flash Uniforms; or(b) you are a person barred from receiving the Purchase Services under the laws of Australia or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Purchase Services. Your obligations as a Member4.1. As a Member, you agree to comply with the following:You will use the Purchase Services only for purposes that are permitted by:(a) the Terms;(b) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions;(c) you have the sole responsibility for protecting the confidentiality of your password and/or email address. Use of your password by any other person may result in the immediate cancellation of the Purchase Services;(d) any use of your registration information by any other person, or third parties, is strictly prohibited. You agree to immediately notify Flash Uniforms of any unauthorised use of your password or email address or any breach of security of which you have become aware;(e) access and use of the Website is limited, non-transferable and allows for the sole use of the Website by you for the purposes of Flash Uniforms providing the Purchase Services;(f) you will not use the Purchase Services or Website for any illegal and/or unauthorised use which includes collecting email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorised framing of or linking to the Website;(g) you agree that commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from the Website without notice and may result in termination of the Purchase Services. Appropriate legal action will be taken by Flash Uniforms for any illegal or unauthorised use of the Website; and(h) you acknowledge and agree that any automated use of the Website or its Purchase Services is prohibited. Purchase of Products and Returns Policy5.1. In using the Purchase Services to purchase the Product through the Website, you will agree to the payment of the purchase price listed on the Website for the Product (the 'Purchase Price').5.2. Payment of the Purchase Price may be made through one of the following third party providers:(a) PaypalCredit or Debit cards(the 'Payment Gateway Providers')In using the Purchase Services, you warrant that you have familiarised yourself with, and agree to be bound by, the applicable Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy and other relevant legal documentation provided by the Payment Gateway Providers5.3. Following payment of the Purchase Price being confirmed by Flash Uniforms, you will be issued with a receipt to confirm that the payment has been received and Flash Uniforms may record your purchase details for future use.5.4. Flash Uniforms may, at their sole discretion, provide a refund on the return of the Products within 7 days where the Product packaging is unopened and remains in a saleable condition. Embroidery or printed orders are not eligible for a refund once they have been proofed and complete. You acknowledge and agree that you are liable for any postage and shipping costs associated with any refund pursuant to this clause.5.5. Price match is offered on a similar product and service and this includes the shopping cart total including delivery and GST. We cannot price match on second hand, used or damaged items on competitor websites. We aim to try and match the prices but have a right to refuse to do so without any prior notice. All price match requests are examined on an individual basis and we cannot guarantee that all requests will be approved. Warranty6.1. Flash Uniforms Products come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure of the Product. You are also entitled to have the Products repaired or replaced if the Products fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure (the 'Warranty').6.2. You may make a claim under this clause (the 'Warranty Claim') for material defects and workmanship in the Products within 14 from the date of purchase (the 'Warranty Period').6.3. In order to make a Warranty Claim during the Warranty Period, you must provide proof of purchase to Flash Uniforms showing the date of purchase of the Products, provide a description of the Products and the price paid for the Products by sending written notice to admin@flashuniforms.com.au.6.4. Where the Warranty Claim is accepted then Flash Uniforms will, at its sole discretion, either repair or replace any defective Products or part thereof with a new or remanufactured equivalent during the Warranty Period at no charge to you for parts or labour. You acknowledge and agree that you will be solely liable for any postage or shipping costs incurred in facilitating the Warranty Claim.6.5. The Warranty shall be the sole and exclusive warranty granted by Flash Uniforms and shall be the sole and exclusive remedy available to you in addition to other rights and under a law in relation to the Products to which this warranty relates.6.6. All implied warranties including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for use are limited to the Warranty Period.6.7. The Warranty does not apply to any appearance of the supplied Products nor to the additional excluded items set forth below nor to any supplied Products where the exterior of which has been damaged or defaced, which has been subjected to misuse, abnormal service or handling, or which has been altered or modified in design or construction. Delivery7.1. You acknowledge that the Purchase Services offered by Flash Uniforms integrate delivery (the 'Delivery Services') through the use of third party delivery companies (the 'Delivery Service Providers').7.2. In providing the Purchase Services, Flash Uniforms may provide you with a variety of delivery and insurance options offered as part of the Delivery Services by the Delivery Service Providers. You acknowledge and agree that Flash Uniforms is not the provider of these delivery and insurance options and merely facilitates your interaction with the Delivery Service Providers in respect to providing the Delivery Services.7.3. In the event that an item is lost or damaged in the course of the Delivery Services, Flash Uniforms asks that you:(a) contact the Delivery Service Provider directly to request a refund or to claim on any insurance options available; and(b) contact us by sending an email to admin@flashuniforms.com.au outlining in what way the Products were damaged in transit so we are able to determine if the Delivery Service Provider should be removed from the Purchase Services. Copyright and Intellectual Property8.1. The Website, the Purchase Services and all of the related products of Flash Uniforms are subject to copyright. The material on the Website is protected by copyright under the laws of Australia and through international treaties. Unless otherwise indicated, all rights (including copyright) in the site content and compilation of the website (including text, graphics, logos, button icons, video images, audio clips and software) (the 'Content') are owned or controlled for these purposes, and are reserved by Flash Uniforms or its contributors.8.2. Flash Uniforms retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Website and all related content. Nothing you do on or in relation to the Website will transfer to you:(a) the business name, trading name, domain name, trade mark, industrial design, patent, registered design or copyright of Flash Uniforms; or(b) the right to use or exploit a business name, trading name, domain name, trade mark or industrial design; or(c) a system or process that is the subject of a patent, registered design or copyright (or an adaptation or modification of such a system or process).8.3. You may not, without the prior written permission of Metro Workwear and the permission of any other relevant rights owners: broadcast, republish, up-load to a third party, transmit, post, distribute, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the Content or third party contact for any purpose. This prohibition does not extend to materials on the Website which are freely available for re-use or are in the public domain.8.4. Digitized vector art and logo files remain the property of PUJ Ventures Pty(this does not include the rights to the logo or original files). If you do require to have a copy of your digitized logo files to be emailed to you there will be a charged incurred of $55.00 per file. PrivacyFlash Uniforms takes your privacy seriously and any information provided through your use of the Application and/or the Purchase Services are subject to Flash Uniforms Privacy Policy, which is available on the Application. General Disclaimer10.1. You acknowledge that Flash Uniforms does not make any terms, guarantees, warranties, representations or conditions whatsoever regarding the Products other than provided for pursuant to these Terms.10.2. Flash Uniforms will make every effort to ensure a Product is accurately depicted on the Website, however, you acknowledge that sizes, colours and packaging may differ from what is displayed on the Website.10.3. Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes any guarantees, warranties, representations or conditions implied or imposed by law, including the Australian Consumer Law (or any liability under them) which by law may not be limited or excluded.10.4. Subject to this clause, and to the extent permitted by law:(a) all terms, guarantees, warranties, representations or conditions which are not expressly stated in these Terms are excluded; and(b) Flash Uniforms we will not be liable for any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage (unless such loss or damage is reasonably foreseeable resulting from our failure to meet an applicable Consumer Guarantee), loss of profit or opportunity, or damage to goodwill arising out of or in connection with the Purchase Services or these Terms (including as a result of not being able to use the Purchase Services or the late supply of the Purchase Services), whether at common law, under contract, tort (including negligence), in equity, pursuant to statute or otherwise.10.5. Use of the Website, the Purchase Services, and any of the products of Flash Uniforms (including the Delivery Services), is at your own risk. Everything on Website, the Purchase Services, and the Products of Flash Uniforms, are provided to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis, without warranty or condition of any kind. None of the affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contributors, third party content providers or licensors of Flash Uniforms (including any third party where the Delivery Services are made available to you) make any express or implied representation or warranty about its Content or any products or Purchase Services (including the products or Purchase Services of Flash Uniforms) referred to on the Website. This includes (but is not restricted to) loss or damage you might suffer as a result of any of the following:(a) failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, failure to correct defects, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or other harmful component, loss of data, communication line failure, unlawful third party conduct, or theft, destruction, alteration or unauthorised access to records;(b) the accuracy, suitability or currency of any information on the Website, the Purchase Service, or any of its Content related products (including third party material and advertisements on the Website);(c) costs incurred as a result of you using the Website, the Purchase Services or any of the Products;(d) the Content or operation in respect to links which are provided for the User's convenience;(e) any failure to complete a transaction, or any loss arising from e-commerce transacted on the Website; or(f) any defamatory, threatening, offensive or unlawful conduct of third parties or publication of any materials relating to or constituting such conduct. Limitation of Liability11.1. Flash Uniforms 's total liability arising out of or in connection with the Purchase Services or these Terms, however arising, including under contract, tort (including negligence), in equity, under statute or otherwise, will not exceed the most recent Purchase Price paid by you under these Terms or where you have not paid the Purchase, then the total liability of Flash Uniforms is the resupply of information or Purchase Services to you.11.2. You expressly understand and agree that Flash Uniforms, its affiliates, employees, agents, contributors, third party content providers and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special consequential or exemplary damages which may be incurred by you, however caused and under any theory of liability. This shall include, but is not limited to, any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business reputation and any other intangible loss.11.3 Flash Uniforms is not responsible or liable in any manner for any site content (including the Content and Third Party Content) posted on the Website or in connection with the Purchase Services, whether posted or caused by users of the website of Flash Uniforms, by third parties or by any of the Purchase Services offered by Flash Uniforms.11.4. You acknowledge that Flash Uniforms does not provide the Delivery Services to you and you agree that Flash Uniforms will not be liable to you for any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of profit or opportunity, or damage to goodwill arising out of or in connection with the Delivery Services.11.5. It is assumed that all artwork provided to be printed or embroidered onto the garments is the property of the person uploading in and that you have authorization to utilize the artwork and vector files in the uploaded format. PUJ Ventures Pty Ltd will not be liable for copyright or any other legal infringement arising from violation of intellectual property arising from this artwork. All liability will be passed onto to the end user and it is your legal responsibility to ensure that you have the permission or authorization to use the art work for your purpose. Termination of Contract12.1. The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or by Flash Uniforms as set out below.12.2. If you want to terminate the Terms, you may do so by:(a) notifying Flash Uniforms at any time; and(b) closing your accounts for all of the Purchase Services which you use, where Flash Uniforms has made this option available to you.Your notice should be sent, in writing, to Flash Uniforms via the 'Contact Us' link on our homepage.12.3. Flash Uniforms may at any time, terminate the Terms with you if:(a) you have breached any provision of the Terms or intend to breach any provision;(b) Flash Uniforms is required to do so by law;(c) the partner with whom Flash Uniforms offered the Purchase Services to you has terminated its relationship with Flash Uniforms or ceased to offer the Purchase Services to you;(d Flash Uniforms is transitioning to no longer providing the Purchase Services to Users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the service; or(e) the provision of the Purchase Services to you by Flash Uniforms is, in the opinion of Flash Uniforms, no longer commercially viable.12.4. Subject to local applicable laws, Flash Uniforms reserves the right to discontinue or cancel your membership to the Website at any time and may suspend or deny, in its sole discretion, your access to all or any portion of the Website or the Purchase Services without notice if you breach any provision of the Terms or any applicable law or if your conduct impacts Flash Uniforms name or reputation or violates the rights of those of another party.12.5. When the Terms come to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and Flash Uniforms have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Terms have been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of this clause shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely. Indemnity13.1. You agree to indemnify Flash Uniforms, its affiliates, employees, agents, contributors, third party content providers and licensors from and against:(a) all actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, costs, expenses, loss and damage (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis) incurred, suffered or arising out of or in connection with any Content you post through the Website;(b) any direct or indirect consequences of you accessing, using or transacting on the Website or attempts to do so and any breach by you or your agents of these Terms; and/or(c) any breach of the Terms. Dispute Resolution14.1. Compulsory:If a dispute arises out of or relates to the Terms, either party may not commence any Tribunal or Court proceedings in relation to the dispute, unless the following clauses have been complied with (except where urgent interlocutory relief is sought).14.2. Notice:A party to the Terms claiming a dispute ('Dispute') has arisen under the Terms, must give written notice to the other party detailing the nature of the dispute, the desired outcome and the action required to settle the Dispute.14.3. Resolution:On receipt of that notice ('Notice') by that other party, the parties to the Terms ('Parties') must:(a) Within 14 days of the Notice endeavour in good faith to resolve the Dispute expeditiously by negotiation or such other means upon which they may mutually agree;(b) If for any reason whatsoever, 14 days after the date of the Notice, the Dispute has not been resolved, the Parties must either agree upon selection of a mediator or request that an appropriate mediator be appointed by the President of the or his or her nominee;(c) The Parties are equally liable for the fees and reasonable expenses of a mediator and the cost of the venue of the mediation and without limiting the foregoing undertake to pay any amounts requested by the mediator as a pre-condition to the mediation commencing. The Parties must each pay their own costs associated with the mediation;(d) The mediation will be held in Western Australia, Australia.14.4. ConfidentialAll communications concerning negotiations made by the Parties arising out of and in connection with this dispute resolution clause are confidential and to the extent possible, must be treated as "without prejudice" negotiations for the purpose of applicable laws of evidence.14.5. Termination of Mediation:If 2 Weeks have elapsed after the start of a mediation of the Dispute and the Dispute has not been resolved, either Party may ask the mediator to terminate the mediation and the mediator must do so. Venue and JurisdictionThe Purchase Services offered by Flash Uniforms is intended to be viewed by residents of Australia. In the event of any dispute arising out of or in relation to the Website, you agree that the exclusive venue for resolving any dispute shall be in the courts of Western Australia (WA), Australia. Governing LawThe Terms are governed by the laws of WA, Australia. Any dispute, controversy, proceeding or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to the Terms and the rights created hereby shall be governed, interpreted and construed by, under and pursuant to the laws of WA, Australia, without reference to conflict of law principles, notwithstanding mandatory rules. The validity of this governing law clause is not contested. The Terms shall be binding to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns. Independent Legal AdviceBoth parties confirm and declare that the provisions of the Terms are fair and reasonable and both parties having taken the opportunity to obtain independent legal advice and declare the Terms are not against public policy on the grounds of inequality or bargaining power or general grounds of restraint of trade. SeveranceIf any part of these Terms is found to be void or unenforceable by a Court of competent jurisdiction, that part shall be severed and the rest of the Terms shall remain in force.  Price MatchWe can only price match genuine written quotes and price match requests are to be made prior to placing your order. After an order has been placed we cannot price match.
TOP
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
View all products
Empty result
MY BAG
SUBTOTAL
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
VIEW SHOPPING BAG
Your shopping bag is empty.
MY WISH LIST
VIEW WISH LIST
Your wish list is empty.
HERE TO HELP
Thanks for subscribing!
Continue shopping
Our policy lasts 7 days from receipt of goods. If 7 days have gone by since your purchase, we can't offer you a refund or exchange. Unfortunately, we cannot accept returns for printed, embroidery items and items that are not faulty or damaged for instance if you change your mind or simply do not like the design. By placing the order, you accept this condition and are legally bound by it.We DO NOT:Accept returns for goods that are not faultyAccept returns simply because you changed your mindAccept returns simply because the items DID NOT FITAccept returns for any decorated itemsOur return policy is not negotiable so please bear this in mind before placing an order and accepting our terms and conditions on the checkout pageTo be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging. In accordance with the ACCC we cannot offer a refund unless the product is faulty or damaged. (You can ask a business for your preference of a free repair, replacement or refund, but you are not always entitled to one. For example, the consumer guarantees do not apply if you got what you asked for but simply changed your mind, found it cheaper somewhere else, decided you did not like the purchase or had no use for it.)In the event a return is authorised for a non-faulty item we do not refund any postage costs to and from you, we also reserve the right to charge a re-stocking fee of $20.00 or 30% of order value excluding shipping costs (whichever is greater).To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase and you will also be required to complete a returns authorisation form, please do not return the item without this form being approved by Flash Uniforms.  Upon placing an order, it is assumed that the buyer has agreed to the return's terms. All refunds are made onto the original payment method only. We do not accept any returns due to garment shrinkage, all of our garments are supplied by local Australian companies adhering to AU/NZ standards and shrinkage of the garments are generally due to the garments care instruction not being followed properly and washing them at higher temperatures than recommended- this is not deemed as a garment defect and we are not in a position to refund the purchase. Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer. We do NOT refund ANY delivery costs incurred to and from yourself. We shall not be liable for any courier costs and packaging costs including the costs of the goods for the returns. It is your responsibility to ensure the goods arrive at our destination in an acceptable state and it is deemed any damage in transit would be your responsibility and liability. All exchanges will be treated as a return and you will be required to order your exchange as a new order. Refunds (if applicable)Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.Unfortunately, we cannot accept any returns for decorated garments unless due to a fault in the garment. In the event that the garments have been ordered in for decoration such as screen printing and embroidery and the client changes their minds for whatsoever reason, the full price of the garments will be charged including delivery and the full order will be treated as a normal refund including the re-stocking fee or alternatively you will be offered to purchase the garments only. Late or missing refunds (if applicable)If you haven't received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.If you've done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at admin@flashuniforms.com.au. Sale items (if applicable)Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded. Exchanges (if applicable)We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. All exchanges are treated as a return and once processed you will be required to place a new order online for the goods.
WISH LIST AND COMPARE
Do you want to add products to your personal account?
YES
NO
Boxed
RTL
Animation
Documentation
BUY NOW!