https://www.max-power.com/policy.php
HomeAbout UsAdvisorFAQThruster Selection ChartsProduct LiteratureInstallation ManualsBrochureData SheetsTechnical Drawings3D ModelsSpare Parts DiagramsTroubleshootingProductsTunnel ThrustersElectric Tunnel ThrustersIgnition Protected ThrustersHydraulic Tunnel ThrustersStern Pod ThrustersRetractable ThrustersElectric Retractable ThrustersHydraulic Retractable ThrustersMAX POWER AccessoriesControl Panels & Remote ControlsTunnel/Adaptors/BasesFuses & IsolatorsPropellers & LegsMarine CablesIntegrated Hydraulic SystemsDC Power PackCan Bus SystemRetired ModelsSpare PartsRevisionGlobal NetworkWarranty FormOrder FormAnnouncementsContact Us
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY(scroll down for agreement)
NOTE:
LALIZAS Group has already started reformulating its privacy policy
in order to implement the General
Data Protection Regulation. This new legal framework
strengthens the rights of individuals during process of their personal data.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is information that can identify a particular
person, e.g. name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. If you are
ordering products or services during your visit to this website or provide us
with other information, you may provide us with such data based on your
consent.
We take very seriously the management of your personal data and make
every effort to comply with its processing and maintenance rules as provided
for in Greek and European legislation.
We collect personally identifiable information from users on their
express and voluntary consent in accordance with applicable rules and
technological developments. Any change in the legal framework will also bring
the corresponding changes in user data management for which there will be clear
information and timely updating - modification.
In the event of a user / member disagreement with this policy, he /
she must interrupt and avoid browsing the site.
LALIZAS Group may not transfer any user data to any third party
(person or company) for any reason except as provided by law and solely to the
competent authorities.
The visitor / user can at any time contact Data Protection Officer
of our company via email: dpo@lalizas.com  to
be informed if there is a file with his / her details, and following his/her
written request his data will be modified or deleted.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL DATA
We do not intently collect children’s personal data (under the age
of 16). Under any circumstances parental consent will be required to process
this kind of data.
COOKIES
Cookies are simple functional files that improve browsing experience
while using the website. Their option is displayed the first time you visit our
site. You can choose not to accept them or change the cookies settings in your
browser, however it will affect your browsing experience. They do not monitor
your computer activity in any way except browsing our site and of course
anonymously.
In addition to the cookies we create and for which we are
responsible, third-party cookies for marketing purposes (e.g., ad partners) may
also be used. In this case the relevant files are regulated by them.
In particular, cookies are distinguished in:
Cookies considered as "absolutely necessary" or
"Necessary" for the platform's functionality on this site. These
cookies are necessary to allow users to move to this site and use their
capabilities.
"Performance" cookies, which collect information about
how users navigate to this site, such as, for example, which pages they visit
more often. They identify how users interact with our site, find out which
pages seem to prevent their visitors from leaving, what pages are not used
often, which pages take longer to load, what pages users tend to visit, and
with which series. All of this information helps us improve and develop our
site to make it more useful to the user who will visit him again in the
future.
"Functionality" cookies, which allow this site to
remember the choices you make.
We only use necessary cookies for your navigation on our site and
you are not personalized.
We also use the Google Analytics service to help us better
understand how visitors use this site. The information
collected by the Google Analytics cookie on the use of this site is transferred
to and stored by Google. If you do not wish to track your Google Analytics
activity on this Site, you can choose to opt out using this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we will
use it to provide you products or services you have requested or what we
believe may be of interest to you, contact you for the same reasons or any
other reason which is stated in the data collection or agrees with preferences
that you suggest.
When you subscribe to receive newsletter (s), we are able to ensure
that you receive further relevant and informative communication, following your
interactions with this announcement, such as whether you receive, open or click
on a link in an electronic communication message. We offer you the ability to
unsubscribe through all our further electronic communications and revoke your
previous given consent at any time.
DATA MAINTENANCE:
The data is kept for as long as your subscription remains active in
order to ensure effective communication and is deleted at your request. An
exception is the retention of data where this is required by current European
and Greek legislation, particularly for accounting purposes and the
effectiveness of fiscal controls. We do not collect any additional information
about you except those mentioned above. When processing is required under
provisions of the applicable legal framework, your personal data will be stored
for as long as required by the relevant provisions.
When processing is done on a contractual basis, your personal data
will be stored for as long as is necessary for the execution of the contract
and for the support of legal claims under the contract.
We are committed to ensure that your personal data is kept accurate
and constantly updated. However, only after you let us know we can make
changes.
It is your responsibility to inform us if there are inaccuracies or
changes to your personal information. Let us know anytime at the email address:
dpo@lalizas.com for any change to be made or any inaccuracy in your personal
information, by providing us with sufficient information to recognize you and
to make the respective changes.
For marketing purposes, your personal data is retained until your
consent is withdrawn. This can be done by you at any time. Withdrawal of
consent does not affect the legality of consent-based processing in the period
before its revocation.
In accordance with our internal policy and applicable European and
Greek law, you may ask us to provide you with access to any personal data we
process for you. If you want access to your personal contact information,
please contact us at: dpo@lalizas.com
SECURITY:
We ensure that all personal information provided to us is secure in
accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. We apply
appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, misuse or
disclosure, unauthorized modification or unauthorized destruction or
unintentional loss of personal information.
For any matter relating to the processing of personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) dpo@lalizas.com
USER PROFILE:
By entering your details to sign up for our web pages, a unique
username and password is automatically generated which is authenticated by the
user via confirmation from the email account he has entered. You can ask for
your account to be deleted at any time and to receive any information about it
in the email: dpo@lalizas.com
NEWSLETTER:
The company sends Newsletters via email to inform our customers
about our latest products and promotions. You are receiving the relevant email
only if you have chosen it explicitly. You may at any time unsubscribe from the
relevant newsletter by following the link at the end of the text whenever you
receive such an email or at any time at the email address dpo@lalizas.com
Should you need more information or a Quotation request, Contact us.
Sitemap || Privacy Policy || Copyright@Lalizas Italia s.r.l. ~ P.IVA & C.F: 02153990995