http://www.everis.com/global/en/privacy-cookie-policy
privacy policy
Website Privacy Policy
The website everis.com (hereinafter, the “Website”) is a website providing information on the services of the everis Group.
This policy informs you of the data processing carried out through the Website, while it is also possible that this policy may link or redirect your to other websites and/or platforms owned by everis or third parties with specialized content (such as sector services) or specific content for certain services (such as recruitment platforms) with sections or forms that specifically regulate the processing of information obtained through those websites or platforms.
You can find information on the data processing of those websites in their respective privacy policies and/or with the form or channel of contact with everis, where applicable.
¿Who is responsible for the processing of your data?
Identity:  everis Spain S.L.U.
Postal address: Camino Fuente de la Mora 1, 28050, Madrid, España
Email address: data.protection.office@everis.com
Contact the Data Protection Officer: You can contact the Data Protection Officer at the email address data.protection.office@everis.com
What data do we process?
The personal data that we process are obtained from information you provide us by completing forms on the Website, through the installation of cookies or through the channel you use to participate in our selection processes.
We only gather the data necessary for each purpose. Remember that if you do not provide obligatory information it is possible that we will not be able to deal with your query or process your request.
In some cases, the data from candidates’ CVs may be obtained from third parties such as recruitment websites, professional social networks, temporary employment agencies, selection consultants or headhunters, and education centers or universities.
For what purpose do we process your personal data?
Your personal data are processed to:
Analyze the traffic and performance of the Website.
Manage queries and requests received, such as requests for information, documents, proposals or demonstrations.
Manage the sending of commercial communication or newsletters through any channel, including electronic media (such as email and web notifications) about latest news, courses, activities, own and third party events, products, services, offers and promotions relating to activities developed by everis and/or its Group.
Manage personnel selection processes, present or future, carried out by any company in the everis Group.
Manage the sending of communications relating to recruiting actions or events.
Make it possible for you to participate in events.
In the event that you send a whistleblower report through the website, manage the whistleblowing systems of the everis Group.
We also inform you of the possible processing of social media users’ data through the corporate profiles of the everis Group for the purposes permitted on each social media site, including analysis purposes.
What is the legitimacy for the processing of your data?
The legal basis for the processing of your data is the following:
In relation to analysis of web traffic, our legitimate interest in improving the user’s experience when using the website and consent provided for the use of cookies.
In relation to the management of the whistle blowing channel, compliance with legal obligations and public interest.
For the remaining purposes, the legal basis for the processing of data is the consent provided.
For how long do we conserve your data?
Your personal data are conserved for the period necessary for the purpose for which they were collected, and specifically:
In relation to web traffic analysis, in accordance with our Cookies Policy.
In relation to processing queries and managing reports, the data will be retained for as long as necessary to deal with the query and/or manage the report.
In relation to personnel selection processes, the data will be retained for the duration of the selection process and for future processes if the candidate has consented to same in accordance with the corresponding privacy policy applicable to the country and/or company of the group where the vacancy is. We remind you to consult the applicable privacy prior to sending your request.
In relation to sending communications, data will be processed until the interested party requests their erasure.
Who are your data communicated to?
The personal data provided may be communicated to companies of the everis Group and linked foundations, some of which are located outside the European Economic Area. You can find an updated list of those entities here: https://www.everis.com/spain/es/group-companies They are primarily dedicated to the provision of consulting services and, in the case of foundations, achieving the foundation’s goals.
We also inform you that your data may be communicated to Data Processors, such as technology providers, some of who have data processing and/or support centers located outside the European Economic Area.
We guarantee that when your data may leave the European Economic Area, the same protection level shall be maintained based on compliance with the provisions of European data protection regulation. In this regard, international transfers of data shall be carried out (i) to countries with an adequate level of protection declared by the European Commission; (ii) based on the provision of adequate guarantees such as standard contractual clauses or biding corporate standards; or (iii) by virtue of the authorization of the competent authority or control body or under other conditions provided for in the regulation.
To receive more information on international data transfers or to obtain confirmation or a copy of the guarantees in place you can contact the Data Protection Officer.
Finally, we inform you that we use third party social connectors or plugins (applications) that allow for this website to be connected with social media sites and similar services (Twitter, Facebook and others) to access the everis profiles on those social media sites.
The use of these social connectors is voluntary. In the event that you opt for their use, the communication of your personal data (IP address, browsing data) to the aforementioned social media sites and everis shall be authorized and everis shall not be responsible for any other processing of your data by such parties. We recommend that you read the terms and conditions of those platforms prior to interacting with the corporate profiles of everis on social media, in order to obtain detailed information.
What are your rights?
You can request confirmation from everis regarding whether your personal data are being processed and, if so, you may access them. You may also request the rectification of inaccurate data or, if applicable, request their erasure where, among other reasons, the data are not necessary for the purposes for which they were collected.
In certain circumstances it is possible to request the limitation of the processing of your data, in which case we will only retain them for processing or responding to complaints. You may also oppose the processing of your data, in which case we will not process your data, except for compelling legitimate reasons or for processing possible complaints. Where appropriate, you may also exercise the right to portability to obtain your data in electronic format or for them to be transferred to another entity.
To exercise your rights, you must contact the Data Protection Officer in writing, including a copy an identification document, at any of the following addresses:
Postal address: Camino Fuente de la Mora, 1, 28050 Madrid, España
Email: data.protection.office@everis.com
To help us process your request, we ask that you use “Data Protection” in the subject.
Finally, you are informed of your right to submit a complaint to the competent data protection authority (in Spain, www.aepd.es) in the event that you have knowledge, or consider, that any action might constitute breach of the applicable data protection regulation.