http://www.portfoliorecovery.com/prapay/help/contact-us
Contact & FAQs
What would you like to contact us about?
Account Information & Payments
Disputes
Company Information
Frequently asked questions
At Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (PRA, LLC), we know that debt collection raises many questions, and so we’ve done our best to answer the most common ones here.
FAQ contents
About PRA
Account questions
Payment questions
Credit report questions
Debt recovery questions
Suspicious communication questions
About PRA
Who is Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (PRA, LLC)?
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (PRA, LLC) was founded in 1996 and is one of the nation’s largest debt collectors. Our core principles include:
Fair and respectful treatment of our customers
Affordable plans and comfortable payment options
Consumer-friendly policies
Working with our customers throughout the United States, we’ve successfully helped millions of people resolve their debt with us.
Why do I owe Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC money?
If you’ve been contacted by us it’s because your original creditor sold us your account, and we now own your
debt. We think this is good news as we are setup to work with people in resolving their debt.
Is Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (PRA, LLC) legitimate?
Yes, Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (a subsidiary of PRA Group Inc., publicly traded on Nasdaq as PRAA) is a
legitimate debt collection company.
PRA, LLC is certified by the RMAi trade organization for adhering to operations and code of ethics standards.
Will PRA, LLC charge interest or fees on the principal balance?
We will not charge interest on unsecured debt, nor will we charge any servicing fees.
I received a call or letter from PRA, LLC. What do I do?
If you received a call or letter from us, please
contact us so that we can learn about your specific situation and help plan your recovery.
Whether you’ve recently incurred unexpected medical bills or have suffered a personal setback, the sooner we understand the issues you’re facing, the sooner we can help you work out comfortable terms for repayment.
Will PRA, LLC delete the debt from my credit report after I’ve paid it?
Your account will be considered paid-in-full or paid-in-full for less than the full balance after your final payment is
successfully posted. Within approximately 30 days of your final payment successfully posting, we will request that the
credit reporting agencies delete our tradeline related to your account from your credit bureau report.
PRA, LLC is required to delete the reporting of its tradeline seven years after the original date of delinquency, regardless of paid status.
Account Questions
Do I first need to create an account?
No, click here to sign in and view your account.
What information is available on the website for my account?
You can find the same important information as in your customer letters, such as the original creditor, seller, merchant, account balance, account offers, and more.
Will PRA, LLC remove the account from my credit reports after it has been resolved?
Your account will be considered paid-in-full or paid-in-full for less than the full balance after your final payment is
successfully posted. Within approximately 30 days of your final payment successfully posting, we will request that the
credit reporting agencies delete our tradeline related to your account from your credit bureau report.
PRA, LLC is required to delete the reporting of its tradeline seven years after the original date of delinquency, regardless of paid status.
Why hasn’t my account been deleted from my credit report yet?
Our policy is that within approximately 30 days of your final payment successfully posting, we will request the credit
reporting agencies delete the PRA, LLC tradeline related to your account from your credit bureau report. We do not control
the timing within which the credit reporting agencies process our requests. For further assistance pertaining to your
credit report, please contact the credit reporting agencies.
What can I do if I’m experiencing a financial hardship?
If you are experiencing difficult circumstances that hinder your ability to make arrangements on your account, we want
you to know that we understand and are here to help. Depending on the particular circumstances of your situation, you
may be eligible for our hardship program.
If you would like us to consider your account for hardship, please provide the following information:
Sources of income
Nature of the hardship
Expected hardship duration
Supporting documentation
Power of Attorney or Guardianship documentation should also be provided, if applicable.
Mail to:
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC
140 Corporate Boulevard
Norfolk, VA 23502
For electronic mail, send to: PRA_Disputes@portfoliorecovery.com
What if I don’t want to talk?
Most of our customers can view their account information online from their computer or mobile device anytime at
portfoliorecovery.com. There you’ll find the same important information as on your customer letter, such as the original
creditor, seller, merchant, account balance, account offers, and more.
Payment Questions
How do I make a payment and manage my payments?
We offer a variety of options to make paying and managing your payments as easy and convenient as possible.
Web/Mobile: Login at portfoliorecovery.com from either a computer or mobile device to view your account information, setup a payment plan or make a one-time payment.
By Phone: Call an Account Representative toll-free at 1-800-772-1413 during our hours of operation (ET):
Monday–Friday 8am–11pm
Saturday 8am–8pm
Sunday 11am–10pm
By Mail: You can send checks and payments to:
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC
PO Box 12914
Norfolk, VA 23541
If I choose a payment plan, can I change or cancel it later?
You have the ability to manage your plan through your account at
portfoliorecovery.com, including the ability to change or cancel your payment plan. You can also Live CHAT or speak with us about your plan arrangements. We are not able to make changes to any payment on the day it is due.
What happens if I have to miss a payment?
We understand this can happen. The most important step to take is modifying your plan so that the payment arrangement
continues uninterrupted. Most of our customers can do this online or you can Live CHAT or speak with a representative
and they can assist you.
Can I schedule my first payment for a future date?
First payments can be scheduled up to 60 days from the current date.
What should I do if I’m having trouble processing my payments online?
If you are having difficulty processing your payment, here are a few tips:
If you are using a debit card, ensure that the name you are entering in the form matches the name on your debit card
Check to see if your debit card has expired. If it has expired, you will need to use a different method of payment in order to successfully process your payment through portfoliorecovery.com
Try using a different payment method
Try clearing your browsing history and cookies
If you receive a URL error message, there may be an issue with your computer/phone device. Please attempt to use another device in order to successfully process your payment through portfoliorecovery.com
If you are still experiencing a problem or some other difficulty with your payment, please speak with an Account Representative toll-free at 1-800-772-1413 during our hours of operation (ET):
Monday–Friday 8am–11pm
Saturday 8am–8pm
Sunday 11am–10pm
Credit Report Questions
Will PRA, LLC remove the account from my credit reports after it has been resolved?
Your account will be considered paid-in-full or paid-in-full for less than the full balance after your final payment is successfully posted. Within approximately 30 days of your final payment successfully posting, we will request that the credit reporting agencies delete our tradeline related to your account from your credit bureau report. PRA, LLC is required to delete the reporting of its tradeline seven years after the original date of delinquency, regardless of paid status.
What impact does a deleted tradeline have on my credit report?
We cannot advise you on what impact this will have on your credit report. Please contact the credit reporting agencies
directly with questions about your credit report.
Debt Recovery Questions
What is the debt recovery process?
Generally speaking, debt recovery or debt collection are terms that refer to the overall process by which a creditor attempts to recover unpaid credit and/or loans. When banks, credit card companies, and other creditors are unable to collect on an account they may sell those debts to companies like Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (PRA, LLC). If you’ve been contacted by us, it’s because your original creditor sold us your account, and we now own your debt.
What is Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC‘s  (PRA, LLC) debt recovery process?
The debt collection process is governed by various applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. At PRA, LLC we are committed to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Please see the following sections of our website to learn more:
About Us
The PRA Promise
How It Works
How to recover from debt owed to PRA, LLC?
Talk to us or go online. We know debt happens, but so can recovery. If you have an account with us, we are committed to helping you create a flexible payment plan within your budget so that you can resolve your debt and get back on the road to financial health. You’ll have access to a convenient online portal with various options and tools where you can easily and quickly manage your payments, putting you in control.
Suspicious Communication Questions
How can I tell if an email I’ve received is actually from Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC?
The content of a phishing or fraudulent email can contain many clues that the email is not legitimate. Some of these include but are not limited to the following:
Often does not include the actual correct name of the company.
Has an attachment that typical company communications should not or would not have.
Has misspelled words or incorrect grammar and word choices.
Asks you to provide sensitive information.
Instructs you not to contact the company in question.
Includes what appears to be legitimate links but in fact, are unusual or altered versions of the company links.
Often contains threats or warnings that failure to act may result in legal consequences that may not be legally taken.
Emails from Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC:
Will always be sent from “portfoliorecovery.com” and will never be sent from a domain name such as Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail, or other providers of email addresses.
Will never ask you to provide sensitive information.
Will always contain the name of our company as Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC.
Will always have our full contact information.
May, if the email is account-related, contain specific details regarding your account, including such as:
Your Account Number
Original Creditor
Balance
Will never contain threats of criminal charges, garnishment, or arrest.
If you have received an email purporting to be from Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC, but that contains clues that it may be fraudulent, please contact us by Live CHAT or phone at 1-800-772-1413 to confirm the communication.
What should I do if I receive an email purporting to be from Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC?
If you have received an email purporting to be from Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC, but that contains clues that it may be fraudulent, please first contact us by either Live CHAT or call us at 1-800-772-1413 to confirm the communication.
If we confirm that the email you received is not genuine, then you should report it to the Federal Trade Commission’s Complaint Assistant website.
What should I do if I give out information to someone I suspect impersonated Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC?
Fraud and identity theft are serious crimes. If you suspect you have been the victim of fraud or identity theft you should immediately contact your local police department to file a report.
If you are uncertain of the communication purporting to be from Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC, you can Live CHAT or call us at 1-800-772-1413 to verify if the communication was legitimate or not.
There are also federal resources available to you:
IdentityTheft.gov is the federal government’s one-stop resource for ID theft victims.
FTCComplaintAssistant.gov offers consumers a single place to go to report financial and identity scams and fraud.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau maintains this site to educate and inform consumers about fraud and scams.
Have a different question or concern about your account? Please contact us at 1-800-772-1413 or write to us
pracustomercare@portfoliorecovery.com or Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC, 120 Corporate Blvd, Norfolk, VA 23502.
Modal Title
Template to be used for all modals.
Close
OK
Modal Title
Close
OK
Template to be used for campaign modals.
Live Chat