https://www.aereco.com/personal-data-protection-policy/
Personal Data Protection Policy
HomePersonal Data Protection Policy
The policy detailed hereafter applies to the processing of personal data carried out by:
Aereco, Limited Company under French law with capital of EUR 400,000, registered in the Meaux Register of Commerce and Companies under the number 327 985 230, with headquarters at 62 rue de Lamirault – Collégien – 77615 Marne la Vallée Cedex 3, France, represented by Mr Marc Jardinier, duly authorised in his capacity as Chairman – Director-General.
Introduction
As part of its business activity, the company Aereco carries out personal data processing (as defined hereafter), which includes the Personal Data of people browsing its websites (www.aereco.com and www.aerecojobs.com), hereafter referred to as: the “Websites” or individually as the “Website”.
Aereco invites you to read the Personal Data Protection Policy herein to find out how it uses and protects the Personal Data you send when using the Websites and the means available to you to control how your data is used.
If you do not agree to your Personal Data being sent, it is possible that Aereco would not be able to ensure that you receive the specific information or services you have requested, or specific functionalities on the Websites.
Aereco also implements appropriate internal procedures to inform its employees and ensure compliance with these rules within its organisation.
Legal framework
Aereco processes Personal Data in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereafter referred to as the “GDPR”) and French Law No 78-17 of 6 January 1978 on Information Technology, Files and Freedoms (amended).
In order to ensure that these rules are applied properly, Aereco has appointed a Data Protection Officer who is the dedicated liaison point of contact for the “Commission nationale de l’informatique et des libertés (CNIL)” (the French data privacy regulatory body).
Collecting your Personal Data
“Personal Data” denotes any information which enables a natural person to be identified, either directly or indirectly, for example by reference to an identifier (name, identification number, location data, online identifier, etc.).
As part of our relationship, it is likely that you will send us Personal Data through different means, specifically on our Websites when you browse the internet, by filling in different data collection forms, when registering for a newsletter, when submitting an application, when you establish any contact with Aereco or when you send us your Personal Data by any other means. Specifically it concerns:
Identification data: first name, surname, country, company
Contact details: email address, telephone numbers
Connection data: your computer’s IP address, cookies
Recruitment data: CV, letter of motivation
Any other useful information (message subject and content, etc.)
Legal basis and purposes
Aereco uses your Personal Data in accordance with the following legal foundations:
With your consent in order to process your information for specific purposes (Article 6(1)(a) GDPR)
The data subject is not required to provide these data and may withdraw their consent at any time. We therefore request your authorisation to:
communicate with you regarding our news, products and services (newsletter);
follow your browsing of the newsletter for targeted market development purposes;
answer the questions you send us in the online contact form and to provide the requested information;
process your online applications.
For the purposes of the legitimate interests that we are pursuing (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR)
The data subject is not required to provide these data and can object to them being processed at any time. This relates to producing statistics on the number of visits to our Websites and to obtaining information aimed at improving your user experience.
Cookies
What do cookies do?
When visiting our Websites, information relating to your browsing and to producing statistics is likely to be registered in files called “cookies” which are stored on your computer, tablet or mobile telephone.
We use the following cookies:
Functional cookies, these are required for navigation on our Websites. They cannot be deactivated or reconfigured, otherwise access to the Websites and/or the services on the Websites will no longer be possible;
Statistical cookies, produced by Google Inc. These enable us to calculate the audience figures for different content and headings on our Websites so that we can analyse them and organise them better; and, where necessary, to detect any browsing problems and, consequently, improve the usability of our services. These cookies only produce anonymous statistics and traffic volumes and exclude all individual information.
Please visit the Google webpage dedicated to its confidentiality policy to find out how Google uses these data, to find out more about the Google Analytics service and to find out how to deactivate these cookies: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Your options regarding cookies
Storing statistical cookies is subject to the web user’s consent, which the latter may express and change at any time, free-of-charge. The valid period for the consent given in this regard is a maximum of 13 months.
When you first visit one of our Websites, a banner will appear enabling you to either accept the statistical cookies used on the Website or to choose to activate/deactivate them with the Personalise button. This personalisation option can then be accessed via the settings button.
In the case of deactivating the statistical cookies, your visit to the Website will no longer be counted by our calculation tools.
You can also deactivate the cookies through your browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to view cookies that have been configured and how to manage and remove them, please visit: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org or the CNIL French website: https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser.
Recipient of your Personal Data
Only authorised persons have access to your Personal Data, within the limits of their respective powers:
Aereco’s internal teams;
Aereco’s providers and sub-contractors, in compliance with obligations regarding the protection, security and confidentiality of Personal Data.
We will never send your personal information to third parties (other than our providers and sub-contractors), unless we have received your express prior approval to do so. If this is the case, we will provide information on who the carefully-selected third parties are so that you can make an informed decision before granting your permission. You will always have the option to opt out.
Furthermore, AERECO may be required to provide personal information to authorised French or foreign public authorities.
Personal Data storage period
Aereco stores your Personal Data for the period strictly necessary for the processing purposes for which they have been collected and in accordance with the applicable legislation.
Personal Data security
Security measures
Aereco has implemented appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures to ensure a high level of security and confidentiality for your Personal Data and, insofar as is possible, to prevent any alteration, loss or unauthorised access thereto.
Where Aereco uses a provider or sub-contractor, it will only send them personal data once they have been bound by compliance with the security principles herein.
Notification of a breach of Personal Data
In the case of a breach of your Personal Data which is liable to cause an increased risk to your rights and freedoms, Aereco undertakes to inform you thereof as soon as possible. This notification will specifically include a description of the possible consequences of this breach, as well as the measures which have been taken, or which will be taken, in order to remedy the situation.
Transferring your Personal Data outside of the European Union
It is possible that the data which we record on some third-party services may be transferred to other countries, which may have different legislation on personal data protection.
In the case of a transfer of this kind, we will ensure that the processing is carried out in accordance with the policy herein and that it is covered by the European Commission’s contractual clauses which enable a sufficient level of protection to be guaranteed regarding the private life and fundamental rights of persons.
Our electronic newsletter is sent using “MailChimp”, which is an information bulletin distribution platform provided by the American company Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE # 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. The data sent (email address) are stored on MailChimp’s servers in the United States. MailChimp commits to comply with the EU’s data protection requirements (“Privacy Shield”). MailChimp’s confidentiality policy can be viewed at: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
Rights to access, to rectification, to erasure, to portability, to limit and to object to the processing of your Personal Data
You have the right to access, rectify, erase and to the portability of your Personal Data. You also have a right to restrict the processing concerning you and the right to object to this processing at any time.
In the case of an objection to processing, Aereco will no longer process the Personal Data, unless there are legitimate and compelling grounds which take precedence over the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for establishing, exercising or defending their rights in court.
You can withdraw your consent to process your Personal Data at any time, without it calling into question the legality of the processing carried out prior to said withdrawal.
You also have the option to organise the storage, erasure and communication of your Personal Data after your death through the adoption of general or specific instructions which can be registered with a digital confidence third party certified by the CNIL.
To exercise your rights or for any questions on the processing of your data, you can contact our Data Processing Officer (DPO):
by email at: dpo@aereco.com
by post at: The Data Protection Officer – Société AERECO – 62 rue de Lamirault – Collégien – 77615 MARNE-LA-VALLEE cedex 03.
In this case, we kindly request that you attach to your request any elements required to identify you (surname, first name, email address), as well as any other information required to confirm your identity.
Furthermore, if you no longer wish to receive Aereco’s newsletter and marketing offers, you can click on the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each email.
If you feel, after having contacted us, that your rights regarding your Personal Data have not been respected, you can send a claim to the CNIL in their capacity as the Supervisory Authority.
Personal data concerning minors
Aereco does not collect nor process Personal Data relating to children under 16 years old without prior agreement from the parents or guardians with parental responsibility for the child.
If Personal Data concerning children are collected via the Websites, the parents or guardians with parental responsibility can object thereto by contacting us at the address indicated in the paragraph above.
Furthermore, any person who is a minor at the time of collecting the Personal Data can obtain erasure thereof as quickly as possible.
Amendments
The Personal Data Protection Policy herein may be amended or supplemented at any time by Aereco, specifically in order to order to comply with any legislative, regulatory, case-law or technological changes. In this case, the date it has been updated will be clearly identifiable. These amendments shall commit users of the Websites as soon as they are put online. Users are therefore invited to regularly consult the current Personal Data Protection Policy in order to become aware of these potential amendments.