https://www.rubberstampsales.co.uk/gdpr-privacy-policy/
Contact Us0121 742 012207842 709834rubberstampsales@aol.com
Home / GDPR Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website is: www.rubberstampsales.co.uk.
Where Rubber Stamp Sales stand in terms of Privacy and Data Protection
Your privacy, and having it protected is really important to us and we must make it clear that we only collect your data when we feel it’s necessary. We don’t sell, distribute or make your personal information public.
When you click on adverts or links which take you away from the Rubber Stamp Sales website, you should know that we have no control over the content or privacy practices of those other platforms.  We advise you to check their privacy policies before providing your information to them.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or how we use your personal information please contact us at rubberstampsales@aol.com
GDPR Legislation and us
We adhere to the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR).
Personal information we collect and why
The information we collect will vary depending on how you interact and engage with us but it will usually include your name, address, phone number, email address, competition and survey answers and any comments you have decided to provide.
We will not normally collect any sensitive personal information from you, and will, in any event, ask for your express consent to hold this information if we need to do so.
We only collect and use a limited amount of personal information for the following reasons:
Site visitor tracking
Like many websites, we sometimes use tracking software to analyse visitor interaction. This data is only used internally to determine the number of people visiting our website. From this data, we can establish how they found our website, and the most popular areas of our website. As a result, it may record data such as your geographical location, IP address, what device, browser and operating system you are using. None of this information can personally identify you to us. This site also uses cookies and you can disable them in your internet browser which will not affect your visitor experience.
Other 3rd party providers
We use 3rd party providers to assist in the running of our website. Again, some of them might use tracking software and cookies for the same reasons mentioned above.
Contacting us via this website
If you contact us via this website, none of the data you provide will be stored on our server, provided by one.com.
All emails sent to rubberstampsales@aol.com are stored on the mail server which is provided by Yahoo. Emails are often deleted after 90 days. When contacting us via email, please avoid sending us confidential or otherwise sensitive information.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your device while you are browsing. We may use cookies for a number of reasons.
In brief we use cookies to:
understand how many users we have and how frequently users visit our websites;
remember your site preferences and location so that you don’t have to resubmit the same information every time you visit our websites;
increase our website speed;
enable third parties to collect anonymised information which provides analysis of how many people are using our websites and how they are using them.
Personal Information relating to children
We do not knowingly use the personal information of children under 13 years of age either directly or indirectly.
Data breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time inline with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes.
darren
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Google +
Stumbleupon
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Your privacy is important to us. We want to better help you understand how and why we use your data.
We also use cookies on the site for personalisation, analytics and ads. By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of these cookies.
GDPR Privacy Policy
Our New Promo Video!
OUR RANGE OF STAMPS
Signature Stamps
Band Stamps
Embossing Presses
Garage / Mechanic Stamps
Loyalty Card Stamps
Maxstamps
PPI Stamps – Royal Mail
Self Inking Stamps
Chemist & Pharmacy Stamps
Speedy Numberer Stamps
Same Day Rubber Stamps – Made in 2 hours
Like Us on Facebook
Designed by Mr Speedy
2020
© Rubber Stamp Sales Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved.