https://www.msdprivacy.com/us/en/transparency-and-privacy.html
Skip to content
TRANSPARENCY AND PRIVACY
A key element in our approach to privacy at our company is our commitment to transparency in our privacy program. We aim to achieve this by providing clear and understandable notices of our privacy practices that enable our stakeholders to make meaningful choices about how we collect, use and disclose personal information about them. We offer both brief point of collection privacy notices and comprehensive privacy notices.
Our point of collection notices are offered at the time we seek to collect certain types of personal information from our stakeholders.Our comprehensive privacy notices are intended to provide a thorough perspective on how our privacy practices apply to specific stakeholders.
Our comprehensive privacy notices for certain categories of our stakeholders are listed below.
Global Privacy Commitment to Contractors, Consultants & Other External PartnersGlobal Data Practices Notice for Healthcare ProfessionalsEnglishSpanishEmployment Privacy and Data ProtectionPrivacy Notice for U.S. Patients, Consumers and Caregivers
Mobile App Privacy
As described in our Internet Privacy Policy, one type of online resource that we provide is mobile computing applications (“Apps”) for mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets. Many of these can be purchased or downloaded from App Stores that are offered by the provider of the device operating system, such as Apple and Google. Some of these Apps allow you to record information within the App and store it on your device, to create reports, and to email content from the App. In some cases, that information may be “personal information” that identifies or is used to identify you, such as your name. Where the personal information you record is collected by us, or others working for us, it will be used in accordance with our Internet Privacy Policy.
Protection of Social Security Numbers
We protect U.S. Social Security Numbers (SSNs) and other government-issued identification numbers in accordance with our Cross Border Privacy Rules Policy and our Global Privacy and Data Protection Policy, which requires in relevant part that SSNs be appropriately secured, in accordance with their sensitivity, from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
To the extent applicable, we also protect SSNs in accordance with our Internet Privacy Policy
You are now leaving this website.
By continuing, you will be directed to a site intended only for residents of the United States and Canada. We are called MSD everywhere, except in the United States and Canada where we are known as Merck & Co Inc, Kenilworth, NJ USA.
Cancel
Continue