http://www.duracard.com/aboutus/terms-of-use
topSkip to main article content
ORDERING CARDS
Terms of Use
Ordering Cards
Order Online
How to Order
Templates & Downloads
Request Free Samples
Rush Production Services
Upload Artwork
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THE DURACARD PLASTIC
CARD PRINTING WEBSITE AND ANY PAGES OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, AND BY USING
DURACARD PLASTIC CARD PRINTING SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW, PLEASE DO NOT
ACCESS THE DURACARD PLASTIC CARD PRINTING WEBSITE OR ANY ASSOCIATED PAGES OR MATERIALS,
AND DO NOT UTILIZE DURACARD PLASTIC CARD PRINTING SERVICE.
Proofs & Authorization: Before the production of each job, proofs and
separate authorization form will be sent to the email address that has been provided.
If you do not receive these forms within 24 hours of placing your order, it is your
responsibility to contact us by calling 800-318-3500 so that we may resend them
to you. Production of your job will not begin until we receive all approved paperwork
signed by you or your authorized representative via fax (866-511-4657) or email
(support@duracard.com). We make every attempt to monitor the proofs and
authorization paperwork process so that production may begin as soon as possible.
However, it is the customer's responsibility to verify all paperwork has been received
by calling us at 800-318-2500. A signed proof and authorization form is a binding,
legal agreement to print the order as is. Once a proof is approved and production
begins, orders cannot be cancelled, and there are no refunds.
Account Holder Signature: Production authorization forms must be signed by
the cardholder or account holder that placed the order. An authorization form that
is signed by anyone other than the cardholder or account holder will not be accepted.
This is to protect you as signing the authorization form also verifies and/or
authorizes the charge to the card or account.
Printing Method: Duracard products are printed using either digital, offset
or screen printing. Duracard reserves the right to determine the appropriate printing
method without prior customer approval.
Product Core: Teslin® is the substrate used as the core material for products
available online. Learn more about what our cards are made of by visiting
What Our Cards
Are Made Of
. PVC products must be ordered by calling us directly at 800-318-3500.
Production: Production commences when all of the following conditions have
been met: all print-ready artwork has been received; payment in full has been received
or mutually agreed upon payment terms have been established; and a proof with authorized
signature has been received by facsimile or email. Production turnaround for orders
and/or proofs commences on the first business day following the fulfillment of all
of the above conditions. Same day rush orders and/or proofs must be approved by
10:30am EST to guarantee this service. While Duracard makes every effort to meet
your target delivery date, unforeseen occurrences, including but not limited to
raw material delivery service delays, equipment breakdown, illness, and severe weather
conditions, may affect our ability to meet your deadline. Should we miss a promised
production time, Duracard will refund the paid rush production fee only. Duracard
assumes no liability for any damages, claims, injuries and/or losses, nor for any
other reason whatsoever in the purchase of any Duracard product or service. All
orders are shipped, delivered and received as is, after which the transaction will
be considered complete.
Calendar Production Schedule: The Duracard production schedule excludes all
Saturdays, Sundays and major holidays, which are NOT included when calculating the
turnaround time for customer orders.
Over and Under-runs: Although most orders are
shipped exact or with overs, Duracard maintains the right to ship plus or minus
5% on all orders due to the variability of our production methods. You will not
be billed for any overs; however, all orders will be considered complete for any
unders.
Delivery & Shipping: All desired delivery dates, including requests for
rush service, must be determined and specified on the order/purchase order by you
before the start of production. All orders are shipped FOB Duracard’s factory in
Savage, Maryland via UPS ground unless otherwise noted by you on the order/purchase
order. It is your responsibility to ensure that production time and method of shipping
coincide with your requested delivery date noted on the purchase order. Any and
all changes regarding the ship to address or shipping method must be submitted in
writing and received by Duracard via facsimile or email. You must call to confirm
that any change requests have been received by 3:00pm EST on the last production
day for your order, otherwise the order will be shipped according to the original
shipping information and method specified on the order/purchase order. The completed
order becomes your property at the point it is handed over to the specified carrier
for delivery. Any claims for lost or damaged property must be filed by you directly
with the carrier. Duracard LLC is not liable for any damage, losses, injuries and/or
claims regarding product delivery. (Please note that the transit time for shipping
is ALWAYS additional to the production turnaround time and should be considered
when placing an order.)
Change of Shipping Address: Once a shipping address has been approved on a
signed authorization form and the package has shipped, there is a $15.00 Change of address
fee if the shipping address must be correct for the package to deliver.
Should you
contact the shipper directly and change a shipping address or if the shipping company
(e.g. UPS, FedEx) obtains the correct shipping address after a package has shipped,
you authorize us to charge your credit card or account to pay this $15.00 fee.
Artwork: Duracard offers artwork services at a rate of $50.00 for the first hour
and $10.00 for each additional fifteen-minute increment.
Please note that most artwork
can be completed in one hour.
A $50.00 non-refundable deposit is required before any art
services begin. If your order is placed online you will have 2 charges that will appear on
your credit card account from Duracard LLC. One charge will be for the $50.00 artwork
deposit and the other charge will be for the remaining balance owed on the order. While
Duracard is happy to incorporate your logos and branding into the design, art services
do not include creation of logos, branding or recreation of logos and art files that are
provided in low resolution.
Die Cutting Variances: In the die cutting process, cut lines can shift up
to 1/16". Normally, should this shift occur, it is not noticeable from piece to
piece. Due to cutting variances, designs that feature a framed boarder are not recommended.
The possible slight shift in cutting will cause the printed frame boarder to appear
off center.
Pricing: All Duracard pricing and product offerings are subject to change
at any time without notice.
Promotion Rights: Duracard reserves the right to incorporate any of its manufactured
items into any promotional and collateral materials.
Contractual Precedence: Terms and conditions as printed on Duracard’s authorization
forms apply to the production of all products and supersede all terms and conditions
on our customers’ purchase orders.
Payment Terms: Payment is required at the time the order is placed. Duracard
accepts checks, wire transfers, Master Card, Visa, American Express and Discover
Card. If payment is by check, production on your order will not begin until your
check has cleared our bank. Any unauthorized credit card charge backs will result
in a $50.00 fee.
Cancellations & Refunds: Cancellations after proof approval must be received
in writing by facsimile or email on the same day the order is approved. You are
required to call and confirm that the cancellation has been received and is valid,
as your order may have moved immediately into production. Cancellations are not
available for orders already in production. A $45.00 processing fee will be charged
for all cancellations. Set up fee/s are nonrefundable for any reason after proof
approval.
Charge Backs: There will be a $35.00 fee for any unwarranted credit card charge
back or for any check payment that is returned unpaid.
A credit card charge back
shall be considered unwarranted when the credit card company rejects the charge back.
Should this fee occur, you agree to pay the invoice that we will send to you for it.
Labeling: A “Made in USA” logo is available upon request for products manufactured
at our facility located in Savage, Maryland, USA.
Self Personalization: Features such as encoding on a magnetic strip, embossing,
the ability to print or write on a product or on a panel, or any feature other then
printing must be verified by Duracard as suitable for your order prior to the start
of production. Duracard will not be responsible for the suitability of any features
ordered or omitted after the order is produced to your specifications.
Color Match: Duracard cannot guarantee exact color matches due to substrate
and overlay inconsistencies. The substrate color may vary slightly from sheet to
sheet due to changing formulations and dye lots. Duracard uses a high quality digital
press printing process, which utilizes the substrate background and cyan, magenta,
yellow and black to create all colors. Designs featuring a solid background may
produce very slight color variations from piece to piece, which is usually not noticeable
without a thorough scrutiny of each piece. Duracard makes every effort to minimize
these slight color variations; however, we will not be responsible for these color
inconsistencies.
Clear & Frosted Products: Due to the complexity of the production of
clear and frosted products, we highly recommend that an actual hard copy proof is
printed for each design change, otherwise we will not be held responsible if the
final product does not meet your expected results.
Pre-Production Proofs: Indemnification: All artwork, logos, and/or any other
design materials provided to Duracard, whether copyrighted, patented, trademarked
or intellectual property, are assumed to have the proper authorization required
for reproduction. The customer acknowledges that they are the legal owner and/or
licensee of all submitted artwork, logos, and/or any other design materials and
indemnifies and holds harmless Duracard, LLC from any legal liability related to
copyright violation and/or infringement.
Gang Run Pricing: Duracard can group multiple orders together in order to
lower your total cost. Please contact us for a custom price quote.
Samples: Duracard is happy to provide samples of our products at no charge.
Returns: Duracard strives to provide the highest quality printed products
possible. However, if you have a concern about your order after receipt, please
contact us immediately. After 14 days from date of delivery we are unable to authorize
any corrections. We stand by our products; if we authorize a reprint of your job
for any reason, you agree that the original production time and original shipping
method will be satisfactory. A return authorization number must accompany any authorized
return.
Order Reprint Shipping: Should we authorize a reprint of an order, we will cover
the charges to ship the reprint order using the original shipping method that was approved
for the original order.
Upgraded reprint shipping costs are the customer’s responsibility
unless a deadline for the original order was given before that order was approved, in this
case we will pay for expedited reprint shipping.
Special Packaging: Contact Duracard for pricing.
In-Between Quantity Pricing: Order quantities that fall between Duracard’s
designated amounts will be billed at the preceding quantity’s price.
Right to Modify the Terms of Use: Duracard reserves the right to modify these
Terms of Use at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice. All modifications
to these Terms of USe will be effective immediately upon posting of the modifications
on the Website. You agree to check this web page each time you access the Website
to become aware of any changes. By continuing to access the Duracard Plastic Card
Printing website and any pages or materials contained therein, and by using the
Duracard Plastic Card Printing Service, you agree to be bound by these modifications
to the Terms of Use.