http://www.rimfire.com.au/site/privacy
Menu
Home
Corporate
Board & Management
Corporate Governance
HSEC
Corporate Directory
Projects
Sorpresa
Regional Discovery
Land Tenure
Historical Information
Investor Centre
ASX Announcements
Annual Reports
Half Yearly Reports
Quarterly Reports
Investor Presentations
Third Party Reports
Share Price Information
Investor Information
Top 20 Shareholders
Media Centre
Media News
Photos
Videos
Communication
Contact Us
Email Alerts
Privacy
>
Privacy
Privacy
1. Policy Introduction
Rimfire Pacific Mining is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals’ personal information. This Privacy Policy sets out the principles that Rimfire Pacific Mining will follow in collecting, using, holding, disclosing and otherwise managing personal information.
“Personal information” is information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether true or not and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
Rimfire Pacific Mining is bound by the Privacy Act 1998 (Commonwealth) (Act) and the Australian Privacy Principles that are contained in that Act.
2. Collection of Personal Information
Rimfire Pacific Mining may collect personal information about an individual in a variety of ways, including when an individual interacts with Rimfire Pacific Mining in person or electronically, for example when an individual accesses our website.
Rimfire Pacific Mining will only collect personal information about an individual where the information is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities. The kinds of personal information collected and held, how that information is collected and held and the purposes for which that information will be collected, held, used and disclosed will depend on the circumstances.
Examples of instances where personal information may be collected by Rimfire Pacific Mining include:
collecting personal information from shareholders for the purposes of enabling proper records to be kept and for reporting purposes; and
collecting personal information from individuals who enter into service agreements, joint venture agreements or other transactions with Rimfire Pacific Mining for the purpose of administering those agreements or transactions or for reporting purposes.
Examples of the kinds of personal information Rimfire Pacific Mining may collect and hold include:
name;
address;
phone number;
fax number;
email address;
information about goods or services ordered, acquired or supplied;
information from enquiries made;
communications between Rimfire Pacific Mining and an individual; and
credit card information.
Rimfire Pacific Mining will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that is collected, used or disclosed by it is complete and up to date. Rimfire Pacific Mining will only collect personal information about an individual from that individual unless it is unreasonable or impractical to do so.
3. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
At or before, or if that is not practicable, as soon as practicable after, the time that the personal information is collected, Rimfire Pacific Mining will take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual is aware of the matters required by the Australian Privacy Principles, including:
why the personal information is being collected;
who else the personal information might be given to;
the fact that this Privacy Policy contains information about how the individual is able to gain access to and correction of the information collected; and
how to contact Rimfire Pacific Mining, including to make a complaint.
If Rimfire Pacific Mining collects personal information about an individual from someone else, Rimfire Pacific Mining will take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual is aware that Rimfire Pacific Mining has collected the information and of the above matters.
Rimfire Pacific Mining will only use or disclose this personal information for:
the purpose for which it was collected;
any related purpose for which it would reasonably be expected to be used or disclosed;
a purpose required or permitted by law; or
a purpose for which the individual has provided consent.
Examples of instances where Rimfire Pacific Mining may disclose personal information about individuals to third parties include disclosure to providers of services to Rimfire Pacific Mining, government agencies, regulatory authorities, related bodies corporate of Rimfire Pacific Mining and professional advisers of Rimfire Pacific Mining. Rimfire Pacific Mining requires its service providers to keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than performing those services.
Rimfire Pacific Mining is unlikely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients.
4. Security of Personal Information
Rimfire Pacific Mining will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that it holds is protected from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
Rimfire Pacific Mining will also take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information it holds that is no longer necessary for the disclosed purpose is destroyed or permanently de-identified, subject to any legal obligation to keep the personal information for any required period of time.
5. Access to, Updating and Correcting Personal Information
At the request of an individual, Rimfire Pacific Mining will, in most circumstances, provide access to an individual to any personal information that is being held by Rimfire Pacific Mining about that individual.
There are certain circumstances where Rimfire Pacific Mining will not provide an individual access to such personal information in accordance with the Act. These circumstances include where providing access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others, where providing access would reveal commercially sensitive information about the organisation or where providing access would be unlawful.
An individual can seek access to, and update or correct, any personal information that is being held by Rimfire Pacific Mining about that individual by contacting us here.
6. Amendment of Policy
Rimfire Pacific Mining may amend this Policy from time to time.
7. Intranet and Website
This Policy as amended from time to time is to be placed on the Rimfire Pacific Mining intranet and website and is also available upon request.
8. Concerns, Queries and Complaints
If a person has any concern, query or complaint about:
any personal information that may have been collected, used or disclosed by Rimfire Pacific Mining;
this Privacy Policy; or
a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles,
they are to be referred to the Company Secretary/Chief Financial Officer.
Rimfire Pacific Mining takes complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of the complaint.
Approved 12 March 2014.
Quick Links
Contact Us
Head Office
St. Kilda Rd Towers
Suite 142, Level 1
1 Queens Road
MELBOURNE VIC 3004
Australia
03 9620 5866
rimfire@rimfire.com.au
Stay in Touch
ASX Announcements
Media Releases & News
Which of the following group do you best fit?
Which of the following group do you best fit?
Analyst
Broker
Financial Adviser
Fund Manager
Institutional Investor
Sophisticated Investor
Private Investor
Media Representative
General Interest
Yes
No
Email Alerts
Subscribe to our Email Alerts
Search Us
Copyright ©
Rimfire Pacific Mining
Site Map
Privacy
Search
Site by