http://www.bystronic.com/en/imprint/privacy-policy.php
Privacy
Policy 1. An overview of data
protectionGeneralThe following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal
information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with
which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject
of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.Data collection on our websiteWho is responsible for the data collection on
this website?The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator.
The operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal
notice.How do we collect your data?Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example,
be data you enter on a contact form.Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the
website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and
operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are
collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.What do we use your data for?Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the
website. Other data can be used to analyse how visitors use the site.What rights do you have regarding your data?You always have the right to request information about your stored data,
its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You
also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You
can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you
have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may
also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.Analytics and third-party
toolsWhen visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing
behaviour. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of
your surfing behaviour is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to
identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by
not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following
privacy policy.You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to
exercise your options in this regard.Business Partner data protection noticeApplicant data processing notice2. General information and
mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website take the protection of your personal data
very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance
with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected.
Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it
for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email
communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your
data from third-party access is not possible.Notice concerning the party
responsible for this websiteThe party responsible for processing data on this website is:Bystronic Laser AGIndustriestrasse 21CH-3362 NiederönzTelephone: +41 62 956 33 33nflsrbystrnccmThe responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly
with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data
(names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to
the processing of your dataMany data processing operations are only possible with your express
consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An
informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we
receive your request may still be legally processed.Right to file complaints with
regulatory authoritiesIf there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person
affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The
competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection
legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our
company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact
details can be found at the following link: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.htmlRight to data portabilityYou have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or
in fulfilment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third
party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct
transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the
extent technically feasible.SSL or TLS encryptionThis site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the
protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries
you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection
in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to
"https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address
bar.If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot
be read by third parties.Information, blocking,
deletionAs permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with
information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as
well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been
processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or
deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal
notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.Opposition to promotional
emailsWe hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the
context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional
and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator
reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising
material, such as email spam, is received.3. Data protection officer in the EUStatutory data protection
officerWe have appointed a data protection officer for our company.ecoprotec GmbH Pamplonastrasse 19DE-33106 Paderborngdprchbystrnccm 4. Data collection on our
websiteCookiesSome of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do
not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly,
efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your
computer and saved by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They
are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your
device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to
recognize your browser when you next visit the site.You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so
that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a
cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept
cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically
delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the
functionality of this website.Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to
provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are
stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of GDPR. The website operator
has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized
service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used
to analyse your surfing behaviour) are also stored, they will be treated
separately in this privacy policy.Server log filesThe website provider automatically collects and stores information that
your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are:Browser
type and browser versionOperating
system usedReferrer
URLHost name of the accessing computerTime of
the server requestIP
addressThese data will not be combined with data from other sources.The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, which allows the
processing of data to fulfil a contract or for measures preliminary to a
contract.Contact formShould you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data
entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your
question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without
your permission.We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only
with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any
time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed
before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request
its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its
storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory
statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention
periods, remain unaffected by this provision.Registration on this websiteYou can register on our website in order to access additional functions
offered here. The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the
respective site or service for which you have registered. The mandatory
information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise,
we will reject your registration.To inform you about important changes such as those within the scope of our
site or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during
registration.We will process the data provided during registration only based on your
consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time with
future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data
processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as
long as you remain registered on our website. Statutory retention periods
remain unaffected.Data transmitted when entering
into a contract with online shops, retailers, and mail orderWe transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the
extent required to fulfil the terms of your contract, for example, to
companies entrusted to deliver goods to your location or banks entrusted to
process your payments. Your data will not be transmitted for any other purpose
unless you have given your express permission to do so. Your data will not be
disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express
consent.The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, which allows the
processing of data to fulfil a contract or for measures preliminary to a
contract.5. Social mediaFacebook PixelTo measure conversion rates, this website uses the
visitor activity pixel of Facebook. The provider of this service is Facebook
Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. According to Facebook’s statement
the collected data will be transferred to the USA and other third-party
countries too. This tool allows the tracking of page visitors after
they have been linked to the website of the provider after clicking on a
Facebook ad. This makes it possible to analyze the effectiveness of Facebook
ads for statistical and market research purposes and to optimize future
advertising campaigns. For us as the operators of this website, the collected
data is anonymous. We are not in a position to arrive at any conclusions as to
the identity of users. However, Facebook archives the information and processes
it, so that it is possible to make a connection to the respective user profile
and Facebook is in a position to use the data for its own promotional purposes
in compliance with the Facebook Data Usage Policy.
This enables Facebook to display ads on Facebook pages as well as in locations
outside of Facebook. We as the operator of this website have no control over
the use of such data.The use of Facebook Pixel is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1
lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in effective
advertising campaigns, which also include social media. If a corresponding
agreement has been requested (e.g. an agreement to the storage of cookies), the
processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR;
the agreement can be revoked at any time.In Facebook’s Data Privacy Policies, you will find
additional information about the protection of your privacy at:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.You also have the option to deactivate the remarketing
function “Custom Audiences” in the ad settings section under https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen. To do
this, you first have to log into Facebook.If you do not have a Facebook account, you can
deactivate any user based advertising by Facebook on the website of the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/.Facebook and we are the joint Data Controllers as
defined in Art. 26 GDPR.We have entered into an agreement on joint
processing with Facebook. The primary content of this agreement is described in
a statement by Facebook you may review under the following link:https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumFacebook plugins (Like &
Share buttons)Our website includes plugins for the social network Facebook, Facebook
Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can
be recognized by the Facebook logo or the Like button on our site. For an
overview of Facebook plugins, see https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
Facebook server is established via the plugin. This enables Facebook to receive
information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click
on the Facebook "Like button" while you are logged into your Facebook
account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook profile. This allows
Facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account. Please note
that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the
data transmitted to Facebook or of how Facebook uses these data. For more
information, please see Facebook's privacy policy at https://en-gb.facebook.com/policy.phpIf you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our site with your
Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account.Twitter pluginFunctions of the Twitter service have been integrated into our website and
app. These features are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900,
San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you use Twitter and the “Retweet” function,
the websites you visit are connected to your Twitter account and made known to
other users. In doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter. We would
like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we have no knowledge of
the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used by Twitter. For more
information on Twitter's privacy policy, please go to https://twitter.com/privacy.Your privacy preferences with Twitter can be modified in your account
settings athttps://twitter.com/account/settingsInstagram pluginOur website contains functions of the Instagram service. These functions
are offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can click the Instagram
button to link the content of our pages with your Instagram profile. This means
that Instagram can associate visits to our pages with your user account. As the
provider of this website, we expressly point out that we receive no information
on the content of the transmitted data or its use by Instagram.For more information, see the Instagram Privacy Policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.Tumblr pluginOur pages use the buttons of the Tumblr service. It is operated by Tumblr,
Inc., 35 East 21st St., 10th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA.These functions allow you to share a post or a page on Tumblr or to follow
the provider on Tumblr. When you visit one of our websites using the Tumblr
button, the browser establishes a direct connection to the Tumblr servers. We
have no influence on the amount of data that Tumblr gathers and transmits with
the plugin. Based on our current knowledge, we believe that the user's IP
address and the URL of the respective website are transmitted.Further information can be found in Tumblr's privacy policy at https://www.tumblr.com/policy/de/privacy.LinkedIn pluginOur site uses functions from the LinkedIn network. The service is provided
by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Each time one of our pages containing LinkedIn features is accessed, your
browser establishes a direct connection to the LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is
informed that you have visited our web pages from your IP address. If you use
the LinkedIn “Recommend” button and are logged into your LinkedIn account, it
is possible for LinkedIn to associate your visit to our website to your user
account. We would like to point out that, as the provider of these pages, we
have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or how it will be used
by LinkedIn.More information can be found in the LinkedIn privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.XING PluginOur website uses features provided by the XING network. The provider is
XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany.Each time one of our pages containing XING features is accessed, your
browser establishes a direct connection to the XING servers. To the best of our
knowledge, no personal data is stored in the process. In particular, no IP
addresses are stored nor is usage behaviour evaluated.For more information about data protection and the XING Share button,
please see the XING privacy policy at https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection.Pinterest pluginOur website contains functions of the Pinterest social network, operated by
Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, USA.When you visit a page containing the Pinterest social plugin, your browser
establishes a direct connection to the Pinterest servers. The plugin transmits
this log data to Pinterest servers in the United States. This log data may include
your IP address, the address of the websites visited, which also includes
Pinterest features, browser type and settings, the date and time of the
request, how you use Pinterest, and cookies.More information about the purpose, scope and further processing and use of
data by Pinterest, as well as your rights and options to protect your privacy,
can be found in the privacy notices of Pinterest: https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy6. Analytics and advertisingGoogle AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated
by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files
that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the
website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this
website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The
website operator has a legitimate interest in analysing user behaviour to
optimize both its website and its advertising.IP anonymisationWe have activated the IP anonymisation feature on this website. Your IP
address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties
to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the
United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google
server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on
behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to
compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding
website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address
transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with
any other data held by Google.Browser pluginYou can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate
settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean
you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can
also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl.
your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data
by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the
following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Objecting to the collection of dataYou can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking
on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from
being collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics.For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see
Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.Outsourced data processingWe have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our
data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data
protection authorities when using Google Analytics.Demographic data collection by Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows
reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and
interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising
from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be
attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at
any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid
the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section
"Refusal of data collection".Use
of Siteimprove AnalyticsThis website uses Siteimprove Analytics, a
web analytics service provided by Siteimprove. Siteimprove Analytics uses
cookies – small text files stored on your computer or smartphone – to help
Bystronic analyze how website visitors use the site. The information about
website use by visitors that is generated by the cookies is stored and
processed by Siteimprove on servers located in Denmark. IP addresses are
completely anonymized before any data collected by the Siteimprove Suite can be
examined by Bystronic. Reversal of the IP address anonymization and linking of
IP addresses to data collected is not possible.Bystronic uses the information to analyze
the behavior of website visitors, produce reports on the subject and, ultimately,
to improve the website experience for site visitors. Siteimprove does not share
the information with third parties or use it for marketing or advertising
purposes of any kind whatsoever.The following Siteimprove cookies are used
on this website:Name of cookie: nmstat Type: persistent –
expires after 1,000 days About the cookie: This cookie is used to record the
behavior of visitors on the website. It is used to gather statistics about
website use, such as when the visitor last visited the site. The cookie does
not contain any personal data and is used solely for website analysis.Name of cookie: siteimproveses Type:
session cookie About the cookie: This cookie is used to track the sequence of
pages viewed by a visitor in the course of a visit to the site. The cookie does
not contain any personal data and is used solely for website analysis. By
visiting this website, you are agreeing to the processing of your data for the
purposes set out above. You can refuse permission for collection of your data by
Siteimprove Analytics by clicking on the following link. Doing so will set an
opt-out cookie which prevents collection of your data in the future when you
visit this website. Deactivate Siteimprove Analytics.7. NewsletterNewsletter dataIf you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email
address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner
of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter.
No additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. We
only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to
third parties.We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only
with your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke consent to the
storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the
newsletter at any time, e.g. through the "unsubscribe" link in the
newsletter. The data processed before we receive your request may still be
legally processed.The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to
distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data
will be deleted. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses
for the members area) remain unaffected.8. Plugins and toolsYouTubeOur website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The
operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066,
USA.If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to
the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about
which of our pages you have visited.If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to
associate your browsing behaviour directly with your personal profile. You can
prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a
justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data
protection declaration of YouTube under https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en.Adobe FontsIn order to ensure the uniform depiction of certain fonts, our website uses
fonts called Adobe Fonts provided by Adobe Systems Incorporated,
345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA (Adobe).When you access pages of our website, your browser will automatically load
the required fonts directly from the Adobe site to be able to display them
correctly on your device. As a result, your browser will establish a connection
with Adobe’s servers in the United States. Hence, Adobe learns that your IP
address was used to access our website. According to the information provided by
Adobe, no cookies will be stored in conjunction with the provision of the
fonts.Adobe is in possession of a certification in accordance with the EU-US
Privacy Shield. The Privacy Shield is a compact ratified between the United
States of America and the European Union, aiming to warrant compliance with
European Data Protection Standards. For more information, please follow this
link: https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/eudatatransfers.htmlThe use of Adobe Fonts is necessary to ensure the uniform
presentation of fonts on our website. This constitutes a legitimate interest as
defined in Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR.For more information about Adobe Fonts, please read the
policies under:https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/policies/adobe-fonts.htmlAdobe’s Data Privacy Declaration may be reviewed under:https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/policy.htmlGoogle reCAPTCHAWe use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter referred to as “reCAPTCHA”) on our
websites. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. (“Google”).The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to determine whether data entered on our
websites (e.g. information entered into a contact form) is being provided by a
human user or by an automated program. To determine this, reCAPTCHA analyses
the behaviour of the website visitors based on a variety of parameters. This
analysis is triggered automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the
site. For this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates a variety of data (e.g. IP address,
time the website visitor spent on the site or cursor movements initiated by the
user). The data tracked during such analyses are forwarded to Google.reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background. Website visitors are not
alerted that an analysis is underway.The data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. It is in
the website operators legitimate interest, to protect the operator’s web
content against misuse by automated industrial espionage systems and against
SPAM.For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and to review the Data Privacy
Declaration of Google, please follow these links: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
and https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html.Google MapsThis website uses the mapping service Google Maps. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. To enable the use of the Google Maps features, your IP address must be stored. As a rule, this information is transferred to one of Google's servers in the United States, where it is archived. The operator of this website has no control over the data transfer.We use Google Maps to present our online content in an appealing manner and to make the locations disclosed on our website easy to find. The data shall be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. This declaration of consent may be revoked at any time.For more information on the handling of user data, please review Google's Data Privacy Declaration under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Privacy PolicyThe Bystronic website uses external components which can be used to collect data about your behaviour and provide social media functions. Privacy Policy Use with external componentsUse without external componentsRemember this selection for 30 days