http://www.applelecsign.co.uk/page/15/privacy-policy.php
Home | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Please take time to read our privacy policy carefully. This policy applies when you visit our website without purchasing any product, when you register with Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd and when you use our site for purchasing products.
Please also take time to read our terms and conditions, if you haven’t already done so.
This private policy explains how Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd uses and protects any information that you may give Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd when you use the website.
Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd values its customers and is committed to ensuring that their privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement and to improve your shopping experience and communicate with you about our products or services.
Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any amendments.
Our Privacy Policy
What kind of information does Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd collect? When you visit, register or order products or services from www.applelec.co.uk you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, contact details and credit or debit card information.
How does Applelec Sign Components UK Ltd use this information? We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. Also to fulfill promotions and to communicate with our customers about new products which you may find interesting using the email address which you provide.
How do I access this information and how do I change or delete my information? You can review, change or delete certain personal information related to your use of our online site (e.g.: name and contact information) to change your personal information, please contact us by email sales@applelec.co.uk
In addition to the information that you supply to us, information and data may be automatically collected throughout the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files the site can use to recognise repeat users and allow is to observe behavior and compile aggregate data in order to improve our site for you.
We would like to keep your personal information that we keep about you up to date. You may change any of the basic information that we keep by sending an email to sales@applelec.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or required by law to do so.
Effective 9th January 2008
Case Study:
Harrisons Signs select Applelec to create built up letters for Nestle's living wall
View
Get in touch:
01274 774 477
sales@applelec.co.uk
Find our offices
Follow Applelec on Twitter
Find Applelec on Facebook
Find Applelec on LinkedIn