http://www.moruzzi.com/privacy-policy-link
Product Finder
Close
Search
PRIVACY POLICY
Your Privacy and the Security of Your Personal Information is Very Important to Us
Moruzzi values our customers and visitors to our website and respects your concerns about the privacy of your personal information and data security. Our Privacy and Security Policy (the "Privacy Policy") is intended to protect your privacy and provide you with a safe and secure experience in fashion, style, and shopping. This Privacy Policy applies to www.moruzzi.com hosted in Canada. This Privacy Policy protects consumers providing information through www.moruzzzi.com and is not designed to protect business information. By using www.moruzzi.com, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information. In addition to reviewing our Privacy Policy, you should read Moruzzi’s TERMS & CONDITIONS for www.moruzzi.com.  Your use of www.moruzzi.com constitutes your agreement to its terms and conditions.
Our Privacy Policy Will Change Over Time Because we continue to develop www.moruzzi.com and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, our policies will change over time. We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay abreast of our most current Privacy Policy practices. If you are a registered user of www.moruzzi.com, we may notify you by email of material changes to our Privacy Policy using the most current email address you have provided to us. Your continued access and use of www.moruzzi.com will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to our Privacy Policy.
Summary of Our Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect, use, and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical support. This Privacy Policy explains:- What information Moruzzi gathers from users of its website.- How Moruzzi uses the personal information that you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship.- How Moruzzi uses "cookies" and "IP Addresses."- What personal information, if any, Moruzzi may share about you with others and the conditions that protect your information if it must be shared.- What kind of security measures Moruzzi takes to protect your information from loss or disclosure and how Moruzzi will inform you in the event of a security breach.- The circumstances under which you can access your personal information that you have shared with Moruzzi and have that information corrected, restrict Moruzzi’s use of that information, and even have it removed from our records.
The Type of Information MORUZZI Collects About YouMoruzzi collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our website. We receive and store information you enter on our website or give to us in any other way. For example, you may provide information to us when you register with www.moruzzi.com, sign-in, search, add items to your lightbox, pay for an item, participate in a survey, contest or promotion, request to receive our marketing materials, or communicate with Moruzzi’s customer service. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, phone number, email address, and personal product preferences.
We also automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit www.moruzzi.com. We might also receive information about you from other sources, such as in providing you special offers that we think will be of interest and we may add that information to our account information.
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to www.moruzzi.com and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major websites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third-party service provider, please click here TERMS & CONDITIONS.
We do not respond to ‘do not track’ signals or similar mechanisms. Third-party service providers keep track of your browsing activities on www.moruzzi.com which enable us to target advertising based on your browsing history and preferences.
Our social media tools, such as the Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Pinterest, and Google Plus widgets, are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your activity with these tools is governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
How MORUZZI Uses Information About YouWe use the information we have collected about you to provide you with the very best material selections, the most current trends, and industry news. We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason. We do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties, or to our affiliates, who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so.
- We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Moruzzi where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction you authorized or carry out additional activities you have asked us to perform.
- We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Moruzzi with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf. All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we provide to them confidential and to use the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform.
- We may disclose personal information about our customers as permitted or required by law, such as in connection with a subpoena or similar legal process, or in connection with a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy, as discussed further below. We may disclose information about you to protect against fraud and other crimes and to enforce our contracts with you.We try to provide you with the information you need to make informed reasonable choices with respect to how Moruzzi uses or shares your information. Moruzzi collects and uses personal information from you in several ways:Website usage. Moruzzi or Moruzzi's authorized service providers may observe activities, preferences and transactional data (such as your IP address, browser type, and operating system) relating to your use of www.moruzzi.com. We may use this collected or logged information in order to provide better service, to facilitate our customers' use of the website, to track usage of the website, and to address security hazards. Moruzzi, or one of Moruzzi's authorized service providers, may use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout our website for Moruzzi's internal analysis.Online Transactions. We collect information about you when you search on our website. You may visit our site without registering, but if you wish to add material to your lightbox, create a wish list or use other special features offered on our site, you will need to provide us with certain information, including your name, address, phone number, and email address, to open an account with us. We will assist you in creating a user ID and a password to protect your account information.
Our Security PracticesOur internal data security policies restrict access to customers' personal information to authorized employees. Authorized employees may use our customers' personal information for Moruzzi’s business purposes only. Our employees are bound by Moruzzi’s policies that require them to maintain the confidentiality of our customers' personal information. Employees who violate these requirements are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers' personal information. For example, for the security of your online visit to www.moruzzi.com, we may make use of firewall barriers, encryption techniques, and/or authentication procedures. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Moruzzi cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information, we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps. Unless you indicate otherwise, we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with www.moruzzi.com.
What are Cookies and How Does MORUZZI Use Them?We may use "cookies" to collect or log certain information. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores on a personal computer and which can later be retrieved. We may use cookies for some administrative purposes, for example, to store our customers' preferences for certain kinds of products or to store a password so that you do not have to input it every time you visit our website. The cookies will not contain information that will enable anyone to contact our customers via telephone, email, or any other means. If our customers are uncomfortable with the use of cookie technology, they can set their browsers to refuse cookies. Certain of our services, however, could be dependent on cookies and our customers may disable those services by refusing cookies.
Links to Third Party Sites and Websites Containing MORUZZI’s BrandingOur website may contain links to third-party sites. Please be aware, however, that www.moruzzi.com is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy policies of these other sites or their practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other sites, as they may differ from ours. This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by www.moruzzi.com.
Contact Preferences and Accessing Your Personal InformationYou have choices when it comes to how Moruzzi uses your personal information. When you register online with www.moruzzi.com, you can choose not to receive information about merchandise, services, and special promotional offers from us by direct mail and/or email. If you elect not to receive such product marketing information by direct mail and/or email, Moruzzi may continue to contact you as necessary to service your account and process your transactions. You can change your preferences by following the instructions for opting out at the end of the marketing email, or by following the instructions for Account Information on www.moruzzi.com, or by contacting Customer Service at customerservice@moruzzi.com or calling in Canada 1-514-322-7410.
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important, so we can provide you with excellent service. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please follow the instructions for My Account on www.moruzzi.com to correct or update your account information online, or you may contact Moruzzi Customer Service at customerservice@moruzzi.com or call in Canada 1-514-322-7410.
If you need additional assistance or wish more information about our privacy practices, please call in Canada 1-514-322-7410 and ask to speak to our Customer Service Department.
This Privacy Policy applies to CANADIAN and International CustomersOur website is hosted in Canada and intended for Canadian and international visitors.
This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in Canada and worldwide. Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside Canada. Like almost every website, www.moruzzi.com may be accessed by an international audience. If you are a non-Canadian visitor to our website, by visiting our website and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. In addition, such data may be stored on servers located in Canada, which may have less stringent privacy practices than those of your own resident jurisdiction. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.
Mergers, Acquisitions, and BankruptcyIf Moruzzi should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if Moruzzi should decide to buy another business, or sell or reorganize part or all of Moruzzi's business, Moruzzi may be required to disclose your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties. It is Moruzzi's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions. Moruzzi cannot, however, guarantee that Moruzzi's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if Moruzzi is sold or merges with another company.
What else should I know about my privacy?You should be careful to maintain the secrecy of your passwords and/or account information and be responsible for protecting your personal information and identity whenever you are online.
This Privacy Policy was last updated January 1, 2018.
Close
Sample box
Sample box
Help
Boxes