https://www.shredhouse.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
sales@shredhouse.co.uk
01672 564333
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy and the protection of your personal information is important to us.
This privacy policy explains what personal information we collect and how we use, store and protect it. It also explains the rights you have over the personal information we hold on you.
The information we collect about you
When you fill in the contact form on our website, contact us by phone, email us, or visit our stand at trade events and request a quote or make an enquiry, we collect your:
name
email address
postal address
telephone number
company or business name.
Our legal basis for collecting this information is to enter into a contract with you.
How we use your information for marketing purposes
If you become a customer or enquire about or products, we will hold your data on our secure systems and may contact you in the future about our products. Our legal basis for this is legitimate interest.
This will usually be via email. These emails will give you helpful information and keep you up to date with our products and developments which we think may be of interest to you.
You have a right to opt out of these emails at any time. This is most easily done through the ‘Unsubscribe’ link that will always be at the bottom of any of our emails. You can also email or call us to ask to be removed.
Our emails may contain tracking facilities. We may track how you use our newsletter, for example if you open it and which article links you click on to, when you open it and how many times you open it. This activity is stored in a secure database for analysis and evaluation.
Our legal basis for processing this activity is legitimate interest. The information is used to refine future emails and supply you with the most relevant and helpful content based around your activity.
How long we keep your information
We will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary to provide our products. You can tell us ay any time if you would like us to remove your data from our systems.
If you become a customer of ours, we need to hold the invoices we have sent you, which will contain some of your personal information, for 6 years for H M Revenue and Customs (HMRC) tax reporting.
Who we might share your information with
We will not sell your personal information to other companies.
We might share your name, address and email information with third-party suppliers who provide us with support services, such as marketing, and who may process your data on our behalf. If we do this, we have written contracts in place with these providers which makes sure they process your data safely and appropriately.
We may also disclose your personal information to other third parties in the following situations:
if we sell our business to a third party, in which case your personal information may be one of the transferred assets
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation.
How we store and transfer your information
We are committed to ensuring that your information is kept secure. We have strict standards and a variety of physical and electronic procedures to protect the security of the personal information you give us.
The transmission of information via the internet is never 100% secure. We will do our very best to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted from our website via the contact form or by email. Any transmission is done at your own risk.
We use Mailchimp to store the email details of people and to send emails as described above.
You can read the Mailchimp Privacy Policy here.  Mailchimp store data outside of the European Economic Area but are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield which means they comply with EU data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the EU to the US.
Your rights and how you can access or change your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you or to ask us to correct, change or delete it. You can also ask us to stop using or holding your data.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details below.
How you can contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy statement or the personal information we I hold about you, please contact us.
Write to us at: Shredhouse, Salisbury Road Business Park, Pewsey. SN9 5PZ.
Call us on: 01672 564333
Email us: sales@shredhouse.co.uk
Your right to complain
If you are not happy with how we collect and use your data, we would be grateful if you could contact us first. We will try to do all that we possibly can to rectify it.
However, if you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk).
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review to make sure we continue to maintain your privacy and keep your information safe.
We reserve the right to update this policy and any changes will be posted on this website page. We may email you directly with any changes if we think it is necessary.
This privacy policy was last updated on 19 October 2018.
GO TO HOMEPAGE