http://www.waldmannpen.com/privacy
Privacy
Imprint
Waldmann KG
Carl-Zeiss-Straﬂe 6
D-75217 Birkenfeld
Tel: +49 (0)7231 489351
Fax: +49 (0)7231 482105 info@waldmannpen.com
Place of business: Birkenfeld
General partner: Stefan Schnirch
AG Mannheim, HRA 500601
VAT ID: DE 144 602 399
Tax number: 49038/06785
Data Protection Manager
Waldmann KG
Simone Schnirch
Carl-Zeiss-Str.6
75217 Birkenfeld
phone: +49 (0)7231 489351 info@waldmannpen.com
1. General information and mandatory information
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens. Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
Notice concerning the party responsible for this website
The party responsible for processing data on this website is:
Waldmann KG
Stefan Schnirch
phone: 07231 489351 info@waldmannpen.de
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
You can reach our data protection officer Simone Schnirch at:
e-mail: info@waldmannpen.de
Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the German state in which our company is headquartered. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
Opposition to promotional emails
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
2. Data collection on our website
Cookies
Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
name description duration i18n Is used to point the visitor to the correct language version based on his browser settings Procedure after session pk_id Is used to store information about the visitor, such as the unique visitor ID. 13 months pk_ses Is used to temporarily store visitor data. 30 minutes pk_ref Is used to store information about the refferer of the visitor. 6 months
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server log files
The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". These are: Browser type and browser version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the accessing computer Time of the server request IP address
These data will not be combined with data from other sources. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Contact form
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
3. Analytics and advertising
Matomo
This website uses the open source web analytics service Matomo. Matomo uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. For this purpose, the information generated by the cookie about the use of this website is stored on our server. The IP address is anonymized before it is stored. Matomo cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
The storage of Matomo cookies is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website will not be disclosed to third parties. You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website.
If you do not agree with the storage and use of your data, you can disable this feature here. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser to prevent Matomo from storing your usage data. If you delete your cookies, this will mean that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted. You will then need to reactivate it when you return to our site if you wish your activity not to be tracked.
4. Plugins and tools
Google Web Fonts
This site uses Google Web Fonts. However, these are retrieved from a proxy server, which is why the browser does not need to connect to Google's servers and Google therefore does not know that our website has been accessed via your IP address.
Google Maps
This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer. The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of Google at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
5. third-party providers who receive your IP address from us
We use various services to improve the user experience on the site. This will transfer your IP address to the service provider so that they can deliver the content to your browser.
jQuery
We use jQuery, a free JavaScript library that provides enhanced functionality on our website. Your IP address will be transmitted to Google (Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). The service is committed to complying with European data protection guidelines and has also joined the Privacy Shield Agreement. Questions regarding data protection will be answered by data-protection-office@google.com.
modernizr
We use modernizr.js, a JavaScript library that makes it possible to recognize HTML5 and CSS3 features in different browsers. To do this, your IP address is transferred to a script on the server of the domain.
flickr
Furthermore we use an API of the image service Flickr to display image galleries. Since the image service Flickr (Yahoo Inc - Privacy Policy Issues, 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089) has not yet joined and does not comply to the Privacy Shield Agreement, the image gallery can only be displayed with the consent of the Privacy Policy.
Handling & Care
You will find useful tips for the correct use of your writing instrument in our service section.
Service Area
Contact Us
We will be pleased to help you with any questions about our Waldmann products. Please get in touch with us.
Contact