http://www.buildernet.com/privacy.htm
Buildernet - The UK&s Home Improvement and Building Industry Portal
Search for:
Where:
Home Page
Buildernet Directory
Buildernet Reviewed Websites
Contact Buildernet
Contractor Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of the Internet and www.BuilderNet.com. This website is owned by Infoactive Media Ltd, UK registered company 04799284.
We understand the importance of keeping your personal information private. We set out our privacy practices and policies in this Privacy Policy.
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page which you should check regularly to ensure that you agree. This policy was last updated May 2018.
Information we collect
We may collect Personally Identifiable Information if you choose to give it to us when you contact us. This may include, but not be limited to, your name and email address.
We may collect Non-Personally Identifiably Information via anonymous cookies which may include, but not be limited to, pages viewed and searches performed.
The Non-Personally Identifiably Information collected by the anonymous cookies is never linked to your Personally Identifiable Information.
Cookies
When you view or use our website we may store information on the hard drive of your computer in the form of a text file often referred to as a "cookie". Cookies allow us to tailor our website to your interests and preferences. For example, a cookie might contain information about the web pages you have visited on our website, which could allow us to customise your next visit to our website. Cookies do not allow us access to the rest of your computer and we do not use them to collect personally identifiable information about you.
Most internet browsers enable you to delete cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your hard drive. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to do this. However, should you decide to disable any cookies we place on your computer you may not be able to use certain services or facilities on our website.
You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers or other third parties with links on our website. We do not control these cookies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry.
?	When you use our search box, we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies in order to understand and improve the quality of our search technology. For example:
- we may keep track of which search terms are popular;
- advertising may be related to the search terms you entered;
- we may present search result links in a format that enables us to understand
- whether they have been followed;
- and we may monitor click-throughs.
Third party advertising
We use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
The third party advertising company we currently use is Yahoo/Oath. You will find their privacy policy, updated for the GDPR regulations, here https://policies.oath.com/ie/en/oath/privacy/index.html.
How we use the information we collectn
If you choose to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information when you contact us we use it only to respond to you. We will never sell, lease or distribute your Personally Identifiable Information unless we are required to do so by law.
The Non-Personally Identifiably Information that we collect via anonymous cookies is distributed to trusted, industry regulated, third party partners who use it to show you advertising that is more relevant and interesting to you.
By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, you indicate your consent for us to use your Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiably Information in the ways set out above.
Disclosures
We may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by applicable law or under a court or similar order.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of Personally Identifiable Information in the following ways:
1. Not providing your name or email address when you contact us.
2.	Contact us at the email address below and ask us to remove your Personally Identifiable Information from our database.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of Non-Personally Identifiably Information in the following ways:
1.	Turning off cookies in your browser settings.
2.	Visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices to opt-out of customised ads that are based upon your previous web browsing activity being shown to you by our partner sites.
Your right to see your Personally Identifiable Information
You have the right to request a copy of the Personally Identifiable Information that we hold on you and to have any errors in that information corrected. We may charge a reasonable fee for such requests as permitted by law.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us at the email address below as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If you would like us to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we hold on you please contact us at the email address below and ask us to remove your Personally Identifiable Information from our database.
Hyperlinks to other websites
This website contains hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties which are beyond our control. These other sites have their own privacy policies and we urge you to review them.
This website contains hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties which are beyond our control. These other sites have their own privacy policies and we urge you to review them.
Quotes forms
The BuilderNet Quotes service is provided via a third party, Quotatis. When you fill out a quote form on BuilderNet the information goes through to Quotatis who pass it on to their approved contractors in order to provide you with the best possible quotes. The Quotatis privacy policy can be found here
Buildernet
The Buildernet Directory
About Buildernet
Privacy Policy
Contact Buildernet
Hand-selected websites
Building Advice
Bathroom Planning
Bedroom Design
Central Heating
DIY & Advice Sites
Electrician Resources
Garden Centre Sites
Landscape Contractors
Copyright © 1995-2020 All rights reserved | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
Contact Us Privacy Policy DisclaimerCopyright © 1995-2020 All rights reserved