https://www.marshcabinets.com/terms-of-use/
Style Galleries
Style Selector
About Marsh
Find a Dealer
Become a Dealer
Contact Us
Careers
Blog
This website (the “Website”) is owned and operated by Marsh Furniture Company (“Marsh Furniture,” “Us” or “We”) and is governed by these Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”). These Terms of Use state the terms and conditions under which our customers and users (“You”) are authorized to use the Website. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not accept the Terms of Use, please do not use the Website.
We reserve the right to update and change the Terms of Use from time to time without notice. Such changes will be in force from the day they are posted here, so check this page often.
Prohibited Uses
You will not use the Website in any manner that could violate the law or relevant regulations, damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functionality of the Website, or interfere with any other individual’s use or enjoyment of the Website.
Content
The content displayed on or transmitted through the Website, including product content (names, digital representations, descriptions, and specifications), logos, designs, FAQs, brochures, and tools such as the Dealer Locator (collectively, “Website Content”), is intellectual property protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of Marsh Furniture or its licensors, suppliers or other third parties. Marsh Furniture reserves and retains, for itself and such third parties, as applicable, all rights in connection with the Website and the Website Content. You will not acquire any interests in the Website Content through use of the Website or purchase of our products, and agree to comply with, and not remove or tamper with, any trademark or copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Website Content available on or accessed through the Website.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy applies to the use of this Website, and its terms and conditions are expressly made part of these Terms of Use by reference.
Account Registration
To access the Marsh Customer Area/Private Dealer Network, the Website will require you to create an account. You agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, and complete information in connection with our account registration prompts (collectively, “Personal Information”). Marsh’s collection and use of Personal Information is explained more fully in our Privacy Policy. You agree to promptly contact us regarding any unauthorized use or access of Personal Information, including your username, password, or other personal identifying information or of any other breach of security you learn of involving this Website. Marsh Furniture may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to the Marsh Customer Area/Private Dealer Network or your customer account for violation of any of the requirements or provisions of the Terms of Use.
Product Purchases
Specifications and availability of products are subject to change without notice. We strive to avoid errors in product information, but nonetheless, errors occur and will be corrected when discovered. Marsh Furniture reserves the right to withdraw any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your account invoiced.
Liability and Other Disclaimers
Marsh Furniture is not liable for any Personal Information or other content you post on or through the Website. The Website and Website Content are provided “As Is” and “As Available” with no warranty at all. Marsh Furniture specifically disclaims any warranty, express or implied, with respect to the Website, Website Content, or the products or services listed there, including warranties of merchantability, availability, error-free access or fitness for a particular purpose. Marsh Furniture is not liable under any legal theory for any damages or injuries that result from your use of the Website or Website Content, and will not be liable to anyone for any indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow certain liability disclaimers, so the limitations in this paragraph may not apply to you.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina, in the United States of America without regard to any conflict of laws provisions. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State of North Carolina in the United States of America in connection with any and all suits, actions or other proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Website, Website Content, or these Terms of Use. The Website and business are operated in the United States and we make no representation that the Website, Website Content, and/or the products featured on the Website are appropriate or available for use outside the United States. Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Use remain in full force and effect.