http://www.eeiinc.com/Home/Page/policy
Menu
Home
Shop
Products
CABLE AND WIRE MANAGEMENT
ELECTRONIC ASSEMBLY HARDWARE
FASTENERS
PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS
SHEET METAL CHASSIS PANEL HARDWARE
TEKNATIONAL PRODUCTS
SURFACE MOUNT PRODUCTS
MILITARY
3M PRODUCTS
AERIAL HARDWARE
Featured Items
Shop By Manufacturers/Brand
Quick Order
Request A Quote
Services
Value Added Services
Managed Inventory Systems
Engineering Services
About
About Us
About Us
Quality
Jobs & Careers
Industries Served
Contact Us
Technical Data
Terms and Conditions
Customer Terms & Conditions
Supplier Terms & Conditions
Web Policy
Web Policy
Global Supply LLC Privacy Statement
Global Supply LLC regards the privacy and security of user information as a critical component of the products and services that we offer directly or on our web sites, www.globalsupply.com, (the "Global Supply LLC Site"). The following Privacy Statement ("Privacy Statement") discloses our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information by Global Supply LLC and its affiliates.
Information Collected
Global Supply LLC may collect both Aggregate Information and Personally Identifiable Information on the Global Supply LLC Site.
"Aggregate Information" is information that describes the trends, aggregate statistics, habits and other behavioral traits of the users of the Global Supply LLC Site as a group but does not indicate the identity of a particular user. Generally, this information is collected through "traffic data" and may entail the use of "Cookies", "IP addresses" or other numeric codes used to identify a computer. The use of "Cookies" on the Global Supply LLC Site is explained in more detail below in the IP Address and Cookies section.
"Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information you voluntarily provide to Global Supply LLC that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, or telephone number.
Use of Aggregate Information
Global Supply LLC may use Aggregate Information to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users and visitors, to measure user behavior regarding specific areas of the Global Supply LLC Site and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. Without such data, we would not know which parts of the Global Supply LLC Site are the most popular, and we would not be able to change and update the content and services appropriately.
We may use Aggregate Information to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Site, and for product monitoring and improvement.
Global Supply LLC also may use the Aggregate Information collected to let our partners know the number of people who have certain browser characteristics and the number of those people who have seen and/or "clicked" on links. No Personally Identifiable Information will be disclosed to these partners as part of this process.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
Global Supply LLC does not collect Personally Identifiable Information about you except when you specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis, as prompted by the Global Supply LLC Site in the circumstances described below
(a) Required Disclosure: Global Supply LLC will only disclose Personally Identifiable Information without your permission if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on Global Supply LLC or the Global Supply LLC Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Global Supply LLC; (c) enforce the Global Supply LLC Terms of Use; or (d) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Global Supply LLC Site or the public.
(b) E-Mail Promotions: If you choose to receive promotional e-mails from Global Supply LLC, we will ask you to provide Global Supply LLC with your e-mail address. If at any time after you subscribe to receive e-mail promotions, you may unsubscribe by replying to Global Supply LLC with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject heading of your e-mail.
(c) Product and Service Inquiries: Global Supply LLC will collect Personally Identifiable Information from you when you request additional information about a particular product or service listed on the Global Supply LLC Site, so that a Global Supply LLC sales representative is able to contact you to provide the information you have requested.
(d) Product and Service Purchases: We ask for Personally Identifiable Information when you purchase a product or service directly via phone, e-mail, and facsimile or through the Global Supply LLC Site. When you purchase a product or service, Global Supply LLC will collect your credit card and shipping information for billing purposes. Global Supply LLC does not store, use or share your credit card information for any other purpose. Global Supply LLC uses security techniques, including encryption and secure servers, to help protect against unauthorized access to transmitted information used for billing purposes.
(e) Service/Support Related Correspondence: If you register to use a product or otherwise purchase a product from this Site, Global Supply LLC may use your e-mail contact information to deliver technical support-related service information, as applicable. We will not send you unrelated promotional e-mails unless you have specifically asked to receive them. However, we may send service bulletins from time to time. If you register with this Site, you will not be able to unsubscribe from receiving technical support-related service e-mails (unless your license rights expire or are terminated), as these e-mails are considered part of the service you have chosen.
(f) Correspondence: If you contact Global Supply LLC, we may keep a record of that correspondence. If you communicate with Global Supply LLC via e-mail, we may keep a record of your e-mail address, but we will not disclose your e-mail address except as permitted under this Privacy Statement.
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
Global Supply LLC feels strongly that your Personally Identifiable Information should only be seen by you, unless you choose to share it with others.
When we provide services to your company we use your information to fulfil those requested services. Some of those services include, but are not limited to, quote responses, quote acknowledgments, order acknowledgements, billing invoices, advances ship notices, product change notifications, obsolete part notifications, return authorization requests as well as the evaluation of potential defects or shipment errors, Dunning notices, account statements, requests for financial information (like D&B info), and financial negotiations.
When you place an order with us we will provide your name and shipping information to our delivery agents, including, but not limited to, UPS, FedEx. DHL, and ABF.
When our suppliers are offering new products, we will use your information to notify you of those new products, especially ones that pertain to your specific industry requirements. There may be select third parties we work with to inform you of those offerings.
We may use your information to reach out to you, either directly or through a third party, to better understand how we can improve provided services.
We may use your information to reach out to you when you have provided your contact information directly to us or to a third party via a trade show, web inquiry, or some other marketing campaign.
We may share your information with legal officials when required to do so by law or subpoena.
We do not sell, rent, license or exchange Personally Identifiable Information to or with a third party without your permission, except as permitted under this Privacy Statement; provided that Global Supply LLC reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Global Supply LLC will only share your Personally Identifiable Information with our partners to the extent necessary to fulfill your orders for Global Supply LLC goods and services. We will employ reasonable efforts to require these partners to abide by this Privacy Statement and not further use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us, or you with products and services.
Children
The Global Supply LLC products and services are not available to children under the age of 18. If we become aware that a user under the age of 18 has registered or is attempting to register with the Global Supply LLC Site, we will notify the user that he is not eligible to purchase products or services through or otherwise use this Site. We will also expunge any such child's Personally Identifiable Information from our records, barring that which is used to block the child from our service.
Security
Information collected by Global Supply LLC is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Although we use industry-standard practices to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your Personally Identifiable Information or private communications will remain private under all circumstances. For example, court orders, laws or regulations may compel the disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information, and third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or stored information. We cannot and do not assume any responsibility or liability for any information that you submit to us or for your or a third party's use or misuse of information transmitted or received during use of the Global Supply LLC Site.
You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your Global Supply LLC password or username, if you are assigned a password or username to access a restricted area of the Global Supply LLC Site. To the extent applicable, it is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of your password and username; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of this Site and any Global Supply LLC product or service; (3) promptly inform Global Supply LLC if you need to deactivate a password or username.
Other Web Sites and Links
This Site may contain links to other web sites. The privacy practices of those partners or web sites linked to Global Supply LLC are not covered by this Privacy Statement and Global Supply LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Additionally, if you make a purchase from a store or merchant listed on or linked to the Global Supply LLC Site, any information that you give, such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to those merchants. These merchants have separate privacy and data collection practices and Global Supply LLC has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy policies posted on each and every site you may visit.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad statistical information. IP addresses are also used to provide an audit trail in the case of attempted illegal use of the Global Supply LLC Site as well as to guard against spamming.
Global Supply LLC may use "Cookies" - a Cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the Cookie to you. The purpose of a Cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific web page. Cookies allow us to know how often users visit the Global Supply LLC Site and the activities that users conduct while on the Global Supply LLC Site. This allows Global Supply LLC to statistically monitor how many people are using the Global Supply LLC Site and for what purpose.
You have the ability to accept or decline Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to experience fully the interactive features of the Global Supply LLC Site.
Updating, Editing, and Deleting Information
As a user of the Global Supply LLC Site, you may update or edit your account information that you have previously entered by sending an e-mail to Global Supply LLC at privacy@globalsupply.com detailing the account information that you wish to have updated or edited. Global Supply LLC will change your account information accordingly and confirm the changes by replying to your e-mail.
You may also send an e-mail to Global Supply LLC at privacy@globalsupply.com requesting that we delete your account information. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Global Supply LLC will delete your account information, and confirm the deletion of your account information by replying to your e-mail. If you have registered to use a Global Supply LLC product or service or otherwise have purchased a product or service from us, your account information will not be deleted by us until your warranty rights, if any, expire or are terminated.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Global Supply LLC will occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When Global Supply LLC posts changes to this Privacy Statement, you will see the word "updated" next to the Privacy Statement link on the front page of the Global Supply LLC Site. If there are material changes to this Privacy Statement or in how Global Supply LLC will use your Personally Identifiable Information, Global Supply LLC will prominently post such changes prior to implementing them. Global Supply LLC encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how Global Supply LLC is protecting your information.
Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Statement, and your continued usage after any changes in this Privacy Statement are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement or any revised Privacy Statement, please exit this Site immediately.
The last revision date for this Privacy Statement: 9/3/2018
© 2018 Global Supply LLC
Item Added to CartView Cart
Wishlist UpdatedView Wishlists
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best user experience.
By continuing to use this site, you agree to our
cookies and terms of use policy.
I Agree