http://www.adldata.org/privacy-website-policy/
Home
Applications
Back
EHR/EMR
Back
Dashboards & Alerts
Accident/Incidents
Care Planning
CNA Charting
Immunization
MDS
Back
MDS 3.0
MDS Analyzers
Medical Records
Order Entry
Back
Touch eMAR
Order Entry
Progress Notes
Rehabilitation
Therapeutic Interchanges
Therapeutic Recreation
Vital Signs
Assessments
Accounting
Back
Accounts Payable
Accounts Receivable
Electronic Banking
General Ledger
ADT/Admissions
Back
Admissions eForms PDF
Census & Registration
Eligibility & Claims Inquiries
Master Patient Index
Pre-Admit/Waitlist
Claim Submissions
Electronic Bed Board
PDF / WebForms
Executive Information
Back
Dashboards
Financials
Budgeting & Planning
Trust Funds
Productivity Apps
Back
Instant Chat
Pharmacy Charge Auditor
Resident Scheduler
HL7 & Interoperability
Back
Dietary Systems
Document Server
HL7 Gateways
Vendor Interfaces
Report Writer
Resources
Back
ADL Specifications
Reference Material
Back
LTC PDF Forms
MDS Reference Sheets
Merck Manual
Quick Reference Sheets
Security
Hardware Supported
Useful Links
Back
Claim Clearinghouses
Freeware Apps
Technical Resources
About ADL
Back
Provided Services
Back
Project Management
Custom Programming
Professional Services
Managed Services
Training
Hotline Support
HIPAA Compliance
EMR Certifications
Our Partners
NewsBlog
Clients Only
Back
ADL Apps Documentation
ADL Technical Documents
ADL Webinar Presentations
Client Web Library
Release Documentation
Contact
Back
Contact Us
Request Demo
ADL Data Systems > Privacy & Website Policy
Privacy & Website Policy
Privacy & Website Policy
Insuring Your Privacy
Generally, you can visit our web site without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. If you e-mail us, we will retain your e-mail address so that we may respond to you. Any information collected through this web site is solely for our own use in marketing and and providing services and information. Any information you supply to us will not be sold or redistributed for marketing or advertising purposes by non-related companies.
Accessibility:
The ADL Data web site is accessible and compliant with the content guidelines of the Web Access Initiative of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). We tested tested using the most recent Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape/Mozilla browsers. It also works in Safari, Lynx, Opera, and AOL’s browser, though it may not display quite as intended. Older browsers may not perform well displaying this site.
Please let us know This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
if you encounter any serious problems with the site using these or other browsers.
Information is collected about traffic on our site, such as the type of browser you use and which are the most and least visited pages. We use this information to improve our site, but no usage data is matched with personal information to track individuals.
Cookies:
A “cookie” is a bit of information that is stored on your computer that can help identify you when you visit the site that issued the cookie. ADL does not use any cookies for any purpose.
If you are a member of the ADL user community, the Content management system using a cookie to remember your login information. This is only to assist Users to login to the Community web site.
Site Policy
ADL accepts no advertisements or click through advertisements. Any referenced third party websites for the purpose of looking up information and learning about the clinical databases used by ADL in the creation of our software.
This website is primarily for users to learn about our software products and productivity tools. As part of the process we disclose many of the sources of medical and clinical information used in the design and development of our products.
Several of our software products are released in “Lite” versions to provide the users with the ability to test drive our applications and develop new skills in the usage of computers in healthcare. The software provided at no cost and can be used freely. The only restriction is the copyright notices and trademarks are not to be removed from the product.
The Lite version products make excellent training material for students entering the healthcare profession and other interested parties.
In addition, ADL will make available materials that have been developed and used by nursing homes over the years. The material is provided as reference material that is intended to assist in the development or enhancement of existing forms and policy/procedure manuals.
Any medical policies and procedures posted will indicate the source of the documentation. The documentation is primarily to be used as a reference to assist in the creation of manuals and forms. The documents are not intended to be used directly without official review by competent healthcare professionals.
ADL will maintain a reference list of significant websites that provide information and data necessary for creating applications that comply with the insurance and regulatory agencies that govern the healthcare.
All downloads and web pages will indicate the source of the materials.
Start Improving Patient Care Today
Request Information
Search Here
© Copyright 2000-2020 ADL Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved.