http://www.datrontechnology.co.uk/privacy
Privacy Statement
DATRON TECHNOLOGY is committed to protecting your privacy on this website. Please read this Privacy & Cookie Statement carefully so that you understand how we collect and use your personal data. Click here to download this statement.
General
This Privacy & Cookie Statement applies to all personal information collected and used by the DATRON TECHNOLOGY entity responsible for the relevant part of the website (hereinafter referred to as “DATRON TECHNOLOGY”)
Cookies
We may store so called “cookies” on your computer when you visit our website. This allows us to recognize your computer the next time you visit us. Most Internet browsers are set to accept these cookies automatically. The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie is specific to your computer and may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time you access our website and what parts of the website are visited. We collect the foregoing information to monitor the usage and usefulness of our website, for statistical purposes and to send you information about our company and our (new) products and services, which suit your interest. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse receiving it. Be aware that in such event you may no longer be able to use all the possibilities of our website.
Collection of data and use
We collect personal data when you provide it to us, through registration, completion of forms or e-mails, as part of an order for products or services, inquiries or requests or other situations in which you have chosen to provide information to us. Your data shall be processed for the purposes of realization of any agreement, between you and DATRON TECHNOLOGY, fulfilling a request from you for information or advice, meeting statutory or other legal requirements, providing an optimal service and sending you information about our company and our (new) products or services, which suit your interest. We may provide your data to our DATRON TECHNOLOGY group companies for the same purposes as referred to above. Our group companies will also process your data in accordance with this Privacy & Cookie statement. In no event will your personal data be transferred to parties located in countries outside the European Economic Area, which do not have an adequate level of protection, without your prior consent. Further, your personal data will only be provided to (or used on behalf of) third parties for direct marketing purposes after you have been offered the opportunity to object thereto.
Children
We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from visitors under the age of 13.
Linked sites
Please be aware that our Privacy Statement does not apply to other websites, also:
if you access these other sites using a link on our website; or
if you link to our site from another website.
Right to object / access / rectification
At all times you can object against the use of your data for direct marketing purposes. At all times you can request access to and/or rectification and/or deletion of your data. For these purposes please send us an e-mail to info@datrontechnology.co.uk
Security of your data
The storage and transfer of your data through the internet are secured by means of the current usual techniques. Version 1.0/2004
Datron Technology use cookies to help improve your experience when visiting our website. Read More Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy