http://www.arkbluecross.com/s/members/coverage_policy_disclaimer.aspx
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Employer coverage
Individual and Family
Arkansas Works
Medicare Supplement
Medicare Advantage information
Medicare Prescription Drug Plans
Most popular: Providers
Medical providers
Dental providers
Resource center
Most popular: Employers
Personalized services
Administrative
Resource center
Looking for insurance
Contact us
ArkansasBlue welcome centers
Contáctenos
Individual and family plans
Medicare plans
Medicare basics
Dental and Vision plans
Health plans for travelers
Employer group plans
Other coverage options
Limited duration plans
Coverage Policy
Language Assistance Available
Disclaimer
To view the coverage policy, you must accept the following terms and conditions.
License For Use Of Physicians Current Procedural Terminology
The item you have selected contains Physician Current Procedural Terminology ("CPT"), a coding work of nomenclature and five-digit codes for reporting of physician services. CPT is protected by copyright and trademark owned by the American Medical Association ("A.M.A").
In order to view the item containing CPT you must agree:
AMA is the owner of all copyright, trademark and other rights to CPT and its updates. AMA reserves all such rights. No fee schedules, basic units, relative values or related listings are included in CPT. AMA does not directly or indirectly practice medicine or dispense medical services. AMA assumes no liability for data contained or not contained herein.
CPT is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular use. AMA, Arkansas Blue Cross and Blue Shield and its affiliates disclaim any responsibility for any consequences or liability attributable to or related to any use, non-use or interpretation of the information containing CPT.
Use of CPT by you, your employees, agents and assigns is limited to matters in connection with submitting claims to Arkansas Blue Cross and Blue Shield and its affiliates, and only within the United States of America and its territories.
Any use of CPT not authorized herein is prohibited, including by way of illustration and not by way of limitation, making copies of CPT for sale and/or license, transferring copies of CPT to any party not bound by this agreement, creating any modified or derivative work of CPT, making any commercial use of CPT, or placing CPT or information contained therein in any public electronic bulletin board or public computer based information system (including the Internet and World Wide Web).
Applicable FARS/DFARS Restrictions apply to Government Use.
You may make copies of CPT for backup or archival purposes only. Such backup or archival copy must bear notice of the AMA copyright, trademark and proprietary rights to CPT.
You must take necessary and appropriate action to assure that you, your employees, agents and assigns comply with the terms of this agreement.
This license shall terminate without notice if you violate its terms.
Accept
Do Not Accept
Linking disclaimer
×
If you choose to access other websites from this website, you agree, as a condition of choosing any such
link or access, that Arkansas Blue Cross and Blue Shield (ABCBS) is not and shall not be responsible or liable to you or to
others in any way for your decision to link to such other websites. You further agree that ABCBS and its
affiliates, its directors, officers, employees and agents ("the ABCBS Parties") are not responsible for
the content of any other website to which you may link, nor are ABCBS or the ABCBS Parties liable or responsible
under any circumstances for the activities, omissions or conduct of any owner or operator of any other
website. Once you choose to link to another website, you understand and agree that you have exited this
website and are no longer accessing or using any ABCBS Data. You understand and agree that by making any
third-party website link available as an option to you, ABCBS does not in any way endorse any such website,
nor state or imply that you should access such website or any services, products or information which
may be offered to you through such other websites or by the owner or operator of such other websites.
The owners or operators of any other websites (not ABCBS) are solely responsible for the content and operation
of all such websites. ABCBS makes no warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, nor
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, nor of non-infringement, with regard to the content
or operation of any other website to which you may link from this website.