http://www.aiag.org/help
Help
Menu
About AIAG
News
Board of Directors
Antitrust Compliance Policy
Career Opportunities
Industry Events
Newsletter Archive
Contact Us
Training
Onsite Training
Hotel Information
Products
Product Order Form
Membership
Sponsored Membership
Volunteering & Participation
Success Stories
Member Testimonials
Member Companies
Membership Application
Future Automotive Experts
Member Resources
Benefits
2020 Quality Boost Challenge
Collaboration Workspace
Expand All Collapse All
Help
AIAG.org is optimized for use with Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Internet Explorer versions 10+. Older browsers may not always display in an optimal manner, so we suggest you use one of these for viewing our site.
Account Management
Why is there a login to the AIAG secure website?
AIAG wants to serve you better. Although membership is company based, each individual has their own account.
Your account information is unique to you. Single account benefits are:
Your designated interests CEU's from class attendance Purchase history for classes, events, and products Ability to participate in public AIAG Communities It is quicker to order items, register for seminars, and perform any operation where your contact information is needed. We will fill in the forms for you to save you time.
This historical information for your account does not migrate with you if you create a new account. DO NOT CREATE AN ACCOUNT MORE THAN ONCE!
Not sure you have an account? Call (248) 358-3003 or click here to enter your first and last name.
Do I already have an account?
Please cheack the AIAG Account Lookup tool to see if you already have an account.
Customer Service
Contact
Phone: (248) 358-3003; ASK AIAG: (877) 275-2424
Fax: (248) 799-7995
Inquiries
Membership Inquiries:AIAGMemberServices@aiag.org
Order Inquiries: order_inquiry@aiag.org
General Inquiries: order_inquiry@aiag.org
Training Inquiries: trainingcontact@aiag.org
Event Inquiries: events@aiag.org
Shopping
New customer assistance
Placing Your First Order
Placing an order with AIAG is easy. You can order AIAG publications, software, and register for training classes and special events. Once you have selected your items, you will be prompted to either login or create an account. During your account creation, you will be prompted for a login and password. You can then use this login and password each time you visit the AIAG secure Web site.
Finding Items
Browse by Product Category or use the Product Search to locate the items you would like to order. A keyword search box is located at the top of every page of our store. You will also find links to category lists and more detailed product-specific searches in the Products Home page: Publications, e-Documents, and Software. When you find an item that interests you, click on the "more info" link to view additional product details. If you don't find what you're looking for, you may want to send an inquiry to order_inquiry@aiag.org.
Adding Items to Your Shopping Cart
If you want to order an item, click the "Add to your products" link on the item's product detail page. Once you've added an item to your shopping cart, use the cart's top navigation bar or the "keep shopping" button to keep searching or browsing until your cart contains all of the items you want to order. Once you have selected all of the items you wish to purchase from AIAG, click on the "select freight" button.
Registrations for Special Events and/or Training Courses
To register for a special event or training course, find the special event or training course for which you would like to register. Special events and training courses are listed by date. If you would like to sort the listing by location or name, click on the appropriate column heading. If you cannot find the special event or training course you are interested in, you may search for it by clicking on "order search."Once you find the special event or training course for which you would like to register, click on its date to add the registration to your shopping cart. You may either proceed to checkout, or add more registrations or products to your shopping cart. Registrations with product orders will be processed as one order.
Processing Payment
To complete your order and process your payment, either enter your login and password, or create a new account. Should you choose to create a new account, you will be taken to a "Sign Up" page that prompts you to enter your contact information. This page will check to make sure that we do not already have you in our records. If your first and last name is found, a list will be presented with your name, your company name and zip code. If the information in the list matches your information, a link is provided where you can enter your e-mail address to have a link sent to you that allows you to change your password, login and continue the shopping process. If your name is not found, you will be taken to a page that provides you with information about how to create a new account with AIAG. You will then proceed to create a new account. Once the account is created, you will be automatically taken back to your shopping cart where you will be prompted to select your freight method.
Shipping Address
AIAG ships via UPS. UPS does not deliver to PO boxes. Your "Ship To" address is taken from the preferred mailing address in your account. Should you wish to have your purchase shipped to another location, you can edit your ship to address during your purchase. If your ship to address contains a PO box, you will need to specify another address. You can do this by clicking on "Edit shipping address."Once your purchase is completed, editing your ship to address for an order that has not yet been shipped can be done by contacting our customer service department at (248) 358-3005. Please note there may be an additional charge for shipping to another location, which can be verified with one of our customer service representatives. Shipping and Returns policy.
Proceed to Checkout
Please take a moment to review all of the items you've placed in your shopping cart. If you decide that you don't want to purchase a particular item, click the "remove" button for each item, or click the "remove all" button above to remove all items from your shopping cart. When you're ready to complete your order for everything in your shopping cart, click the "products total" button. You will be taken to a page that lists all of your items, your shipping address, shipping method(s), and the total of the order.At this point, you can edit your shipping address. Please note that editing your shipping address does not change your account information. AIAG ships via UPS. UPS does not deliver to PO boxes. Your "Ship To" address is taken from the preferred mailing address in your account. Should you wish to have your purchase shipped to another location, you can edit your ship to address during your purchase. If your ship to address contains a PO box, you will need to specify another address. You can do this by clicking on "Edit shipping address."Once your purchase is completed, editing your ship to address for an order that has not yet been shipped can be done by contacting our customer service department at (248) 358-3005. Please note there may be an additional charge for shipping to another location, which can be verified with one of our customer service representatives.Click on the "check-out" button to proceed to the payment page. The payment page will show you the check-out total for any AIAG publications, books, software, marketing lists, journals, and registrations for special events and training courses. These are each listed separately under one total.The information contained in the credit card information section of the payment page is from your account. If you have edited your shipping address, this will not display here. If at any point you encounter difficulty or receive an error message, please read our troubleshooting tips.
Provide a Method of Payment
AIAG accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa. We currently do not accept purchase orders online. If you wish to place an order with a purchase order, please contact our customer service department at (248) 358-3003, between 8:00 AM and 5:00 PM, EST, Monday through Friday. Please enter your credit card number without spaces or dashes. Because you have an account with AIAG, when you come back to the AIAG Store in the future, you can use the same login and password you provided during your first order. If you are an AIAG member, you will also be able to make changes to your account information. Make sure you write your password down so that you can refer to it the next time you place an order.
Submit Your Order
Check the accuracy all of the information you provided and make any necessary adjustments. When you are ready, click the "submit payment" button to submit your order. Once you place your order, we will send you a confirmation e-mail message.
Tracking Your Order
Checking your order history with AIAG is easy as clicking on My Account in the top menu. Click on the "My Purchases" link in the side menu. If you need to change an order you placed before it enters the shipping process, please contact our customer service department at (248) 358-3003. Tracking your order is easy, just look for the link next to your order to track your order with UPS.
How to use the shopping cart
To purchase items from the AIAG store, simply follow the steps listed below. If you are having difficulty adding items or your cart appears empty after you have added items to it, please consult the troubleshooting tips.
Find an item that interests you. (If you need help, see our Search Tips.)
Click the "add to your products" button on any item's product detail page.
Click the "keep shopping" button if you want to buy more items.
When you've finished adding items to your Shopping Cart, click the View Cart icon found at the top of every page on our store.
Click the "select freight" button to choose your shipping method.
Click the "products total" button to proceed to your total page and view your shipping address information.
If everything is ok, click on the "check-out" button to proceed to the payment screen.
At the payment screen, enter your credit card information and click the "submit payment" button.
If you want to modify your order before you complete the checkout process, here's how:
Want to buy multiple quantities of an item in your Shopping Cart? Change the number in the Qty. box and click the Update Qty button at the above the cart. Please note that not all products or online registrations available at the AIAG Secure website can be purchased in multiple quantities.
Want to remove an item from your Shopping Cart? Click the Remove button that appears to the right of any item in your cart.
Can I place an order for someone else?
Your orders are related to your AIAG account. You can place an order and have it shipped to another address, but the order will appear in your account.
There are special instructions for placing e-Document orders for other people. Please see the e-Document FAQ section for more details.
Items Missing from Your Shopping Cart?
Your shopping cart is related to your AIAG account, so logging out of your account can cause items to disappear from your cart. If you logout of the AIAG Secure Web Site prior to completing your purchase, the shopping list is no longer accessible. But if you create a list of items in your shopping cart, then login to your account, that list will be available to you throughout your shopping session.
If this doesn't solve your problem, it's possible that you are having trouble staying logged into your account. It may be that your Internet connection is causing the difficulty. Each time you visit the AIAG Secure website a session ID is created for you and used throughout your visit. When the Internet connection is broken or your browser software shuts down, your session will end. When you return again to the site, a new session id is granted.
Can't Add New Items to Your Cart?
If you aren't able to find the "add to your products" link on an item's product detail page, it's possible that your browser is not downloading the image of the "add to your products" button. Click the "Help" link at the top of your browser window (above the browser commands) to learn how to turn automatic image-loading back on. The button should then re-appear.
Placing a Quote!
Follow the steps above to place your quote. At step #7, you will see a checkbox.
Check the checkbox, then click on the "check-out" button. You will not be asked for credit card information.
NOTE: Placing a Quote is only available for Products. Event, Webcast, or Training registrations are not eligible for this feature.
You will be unable to place a quote for any e-document or downloadable file. Full payment is required for these products.
How to register
Register yourself.
Go to the web page of the course/event you would like to register for.
Click on the "Register" link (for classes, this link is located in the Details tab).
Sign in or create an account. Don't know if you have an account? Check here.
Once you have signed in, click on the "Proceed to Checkout" button.
Follow the checkout prompts to complete the registration process.
Register another person from your company.
Repeat steps 1-3 above.
Click on the "ID Lookup" button to find the person you want to register.
Follow the prompts to select the person you wish to register.
Once you have selected your attendee, click on the "Add this person to your cart" button.
Repeat the above steps for each person you wish to register.
Once you have selected all of your registrations, follow the checkout prompts to complete the registration process.
Please read the Terms and Conditions before registering for a course.
If paying via credit card, you can:
Register online, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Call AIAG Customer Service at (248) 358-3003.
Fax in your Training Enrollment Form.
If paying via check, you can mail your check and enrollment form to:
Automotive Industry Action Group
PO Box 633719
Cincinnati, OH 45263-3719
If submitting a Purchase Order, you can fax in your PO and Training Enrollment Form to (248) 799-7995.
Please read the Purchase Order Acceptance Policy before submitting your PO.
Payment methods
Credit Cards
AIAG accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa. We currently do not accept purchase orders online. If you wish to place an order with a purchase order, please review our Purchase Order Policy
On-line Quote
AIAG gives our customers the ability to generate online quotes. No credit card is required and no financial transaction takes place.
You may enter your order as a quote, then contact AIAG at (248) 358-3003 at a later date to complete your transaction with a payment.
We are currently working on an enhancement of this feature, that will allow you to come back to the Web site to complete your quote transaction online.
Order troubleshooting tips
Your business is important to us. If you are receiving an error message or having other difficulties completing your online order, please read through the suggestions below.
Unsure if your order went through? Sometimes an order will be successfully submitted even if you receive an error message on the last step. Please check the list of recent orders in your account to see if your order was placed before attempting to place the order again.
Empty Shopping Cart. If your shopping cart is empty or items are missing from it, it is likely that you are not logged into your account. More information.
Can't add items. If the "Add to your products" link is not appearing on product detail pages. Your browser is not downloading the image of the "add to your products" button. Click the "Help" link at the top of your browser window (above the browser commands) to learn how to turn automatic image-loading back on. The button should then re-appear.
Error message on payment page. Make sure that you have selected the correct credit card type and expiration date from the drop-down boxes. Verify that the credit card number was entered correctly, without any spaces or dashes.
ZIP code and state do not match. Make sure you have entered the ZIP code without any spaces. To verify that the ZIP code is correct, visit http://www.usps.com/zip4/. If you are shipping to International address and your address does not contain a zip code, please enter 000.
U.K. or German postal code not accepted. If you are shipping an order to the U.K., be sure to include the space in the postcode. You may also need to enter the fourth or fifth character as a zero (0) rather than a capital letter "O". If you are shipping an order to Germany, leave the "D" out of the postal code. For example, if the code is D-12345, enter just 12345.
Page keeps looping back or is not updating. If you are being looped back to the same page on the order form, or the form is not updating when you make changes, your Web browser may be caching or storing an old copy of the page. You can force your browser to update the page by holding down the Shift key on your keyboard and simultaneously clicking on the "Reload" or "Refresh" button on your browser.
System Error. These errors usually occur for only a short time. Please return to our Web site and try again later.
Other troubleshooting tips. If your problem is not listed above, it's possible that one of these suggestions may help:
Refresh the page. If a page loads only halfway or takes a very long time to load, clicking the "Stop" button at the top of your browser and then clicking "Reload" or "Refresh" often solves the problem.
Clear your cache. Most Web browsers temporarily store a local copy of every page you visit. Clearing your cache deletes those files and makes room for new ones. Go to the "Cache" or "Temporary Internet Files" option on your browser (on Netscape, go to "Options" and choose "Network Preferences"; if you use Internet Explorer, go to "Tools" and choose "Internet Options"), and delete the files stored in your cache.
Try submitting your order via fax. Print the Order Form via the Adobe print button, complete it and fax it to us. We will contact you with your order total, prior to placing your order.
If none of these suggestions solves your problem, please contact us using the link below. Please include as much information in your message as possible, including:
What point in the ordering process is causing you trouble?
If you are receiving an error message, what does it say?
What items are you trying to order?
Our Customer Service department will be happy to assist you. You can always place your order by phone.
Can I place an order for someone else?
Your orders are related to your AIAG account. You can place an order and have it shipped to another address, but the order will appear in your account.
There are special instructions for placing e-Document orders for other people. Please see the e-Document FAQ section for more details.
How do I place a quote?
Follow the steps above to place your quote. At step #7, you will see a checkbox.
Check the checkbox, then click on the "check-out" button. You will not be asked for credit card information.
NOTE: Placing a Quote is only available for Products. Event, Webcast, or Training registrations are not eligible for this feature.
You will be unable to place a quote for any e-document or downloadable file. Full payment is required for these products.
Shipping and return policy
Shipping
AIAG only ships using UPS, no other couriers are used. UPS does not deliver to PO.boxes so please keep this in mind when inputting or making changes to your mailing address. If you wish to use your own UPS consignee number, please call Customer Service at (248) 358-3003.
Publication orders will automatically ship to your mailing address.
Prices and product availability are subject to change.
Items ordered together may not necessarily be shipped together.
Most orders are processed within 1-2 business days (Print on Demand orders may take slightly longer).
Orders placed on Saturday or Sunday will be processed the following business day.
Orders with priority shipping (Next Day Air, Second Day Air, Worldwide Saver and Worldwide Expedited) will be processed the same day if the order is received by 1:00 pm EST on a business day and the items are in stock.
Customers shipping to International countries may need to pay brokerage fees, duties or taxes. These are not AIAG-related fees.
Shipments to Mexico
AIAG offers three methods of shipping to Mexico:
UPS World Wide Saver
UPS World Wide Expedited
UPS World Wide Standard
Brokerage fees are included in the shipping charge for World Wide Standard and the shipper MUST use UPS for customs clearance (duties and taxes may be applied). In transit time takes approximately 6 business days given normal customs clearance.
If the Mexico Importer declines UPS brokerage services, the shipment will automatically be returned to the shipper and AIAG will bill the receiver for the incurred brokerage fees.
Returns
Within 30 days of receipt of your order, you may return any publication in its original condition to AIAG via traceable means of shipping. Upon receipt of your return you will receive a refund minus shipping and handling costs. Please include a copy of your verification packing list, state the reason for your return and indicate if you want a refund or a credit applied to your account.
Please notify AIAG of any damaged or missing items within 10 days of receipt of your order.
A re-stocking fee of 20% will be applied to returns received between 31 and 60 days. AIAG cannot accept returns after 60 days.
AIAG is unable to accept returns of e-Documents or downloadable publications.
AIAG is unable to accept returns of products that are damaged or are in unsellable condition.
AIAG is unable to accept returns of products that were purchased by another distributor. Please contact that distributor directly for their return policy.
AIAG is not able transfer payments from one credit card to another credit card.
Training cancellation/ substitution policy
Classroom Training Cancellation Policy
Cancellation requests must be received in writing 11 or more business days prior to the course date. A refund will be issued, minus an administrative fee. Administrative fees are listed on the training confirmation letter or can be obtained by calling the Customer Service Department at (248) 358-3003.
Cancellation requests received less than 11 business days prior to the course date, as well as registrants who do not attend their class date, will forfeit the entire registration fee.
Registrants who are unable to attend their scheduled course may send a substitute in their place. Substitutions may be made at any time.
Registrants are permitted one transfer request and must send the request in writing at least 5 business days prior to the course date.
On-Line Training Cancellation Policy
Cancellation requests must be received in writing and made within 30 days of purchasing the on-line course. A refund will be issued, minus a $50 administrative fee, provided that the course has not been accessed.
Substitution requests must be received in writing and made within 30 days of purchasing the on-line course. Only one substitution request is permitted and will be accepted only if the course has not been accessed.
Requests must be faxed to (248) 799-7995 or emailed to trainingcontact@aiag.org.
Privacy policy
Please see our Privacy Policy page
Troubleshooting failed authorizations and payment declines
To protect your security and privacy, your bank cannot provide AIAG with information about why your payment was declined. Because of this, you most likely need to contact your bank directly to solve most payment issues.
AIAG Customer Service can help you:
Verify if your credit card was charged
Change the card used for the purchase
Cancel an existing order
Place your order
Contact your bank to resolve other payment issues even if:
You've successfully used the payment method on a previous order.
You have funds available in your bank or credit account to cover the order cost.
Here are steps you can take to resolve payment issues:
Contact your bank about payment security policies. Your bank may flag any unexpected activity on your account. This includes first time orders and high value purchases, regardless of the amount of funds available (or credit limit). Your bank may require your verbal authorization to proceed with a transaction.
Contact your bank about daily withdrawal or purchase limits. Most banks have limits on how much money can be charged or accessed in a single day. If you exceed this daily amount, your bank may block your account from any further activity regardless of available funds in the account. Your bank may require you to request a higher purchase limit to complete the transaction.
Contact your bank to see if AIAG is set up as an authorized merchant. Our merchant type comes across as a retail purchase and some banks put a block on charges until the vendor is approved.
Verify the payment information entered on your order. Did your billing address change recently or did you get a new card with a new expiration date?
Submit an alternate payment method for your order. If you are unable to resolve the payment issue with your bank in a timely manner, you are always welcome to change the payment method on your order. You can place a quote online and then issue payment via check, wire transfer or ACH (Automated Clearing House payment) by contacting the AIAG office.
Payment Methods
e-Documents
How do I place an order for an e-Document?
To purchase e-Documents from the AIAG, simply follow the steps listed below. If you are having difficulty adding items or your cart appears empty after you have added items to it, please consult the troubleshooting tips.
Find an item that interests you. (If you need help, see our Search Tips.)
Click the "add to your products" button on any item's product detail page.
Click the "keep shopping" button if you wish to shop for additional items.
When you have finished adding items to your Shopping Cart, and you have not yet logged in, click the "Login to Complete Order" button.
If you already have a username and password, complete the login.
If you are not sure about having an account with AIAG, click on the "new account" button and follow the steps outlined.
If you have added products that are to be shipped to you, click the "select freight" button to choose your shipping method, else click "continue".
Review your order details and if you have included items to be shipped to you, please verify the shipping address information.
If everything is okay, click on the "proceed to check-out" button to go on to the "End User License Agreement" (EULA).
Review the EULA and click on "I Agree" to proceed to the check-out page.
At the check-out page, enter your credit card information and click the "check-out" button.
Corporation subscription users.
Login to the AIAG website.
Go to "My e-Documents" in the left side menu.
Corporation subscription documents can only be opened online.
For more information about e-Documents, visit the e-Document FAQ.
The Automotive Industry Action Group is now offering many of its titles in digital PDF format.
e-Document FAQ's
AIAG Single User e-Document & Corporation Subscription Overview and FAQS
AIAG implemented Digital Rights Management (DRM) security feature to control the electronic delivery of single user e-Documents AIAG documents and protect intellectual property. DRM is a term used to describe technologies used for the copyright protection of digital content. Secure documents are encrypted with permissions information and controls that have minimal impact on authorized users of the documents.
I purchased an e-Document. What's next?
Sign in to AIAG's site.
Click "My e-Documents" on the left side menu.
To open and view, the file online, click on the name of the e-Document.
You can view the file as many times as you want online.
What are the restrictions on how I can use my purchased e-Document?
A single-user e-Document license allows the end user unlimited viewing of the e-Document. E-Documents are not printable files, if you require a hard copy, then you would have to purchase the hard copy of the document.
I accidentally purchased the wrong document.
Please contact AIAG Customer Service at (248) 358-3003 (8-5 EST)
I am unable to open the document, what do I do?
AIAG e-Documents can be opened by clicking on the title of the document in the my e-Documents page.
The file should open in a new browser window.
Since there could be many reasons for a file not opening, you should contact your internal IT support staff for assistance.
For additional troubleshooting on opening files, please view our troubleshooting page at troubleshooting tips.
When will access to my e-Document(s) expire?
If you purchased your single-user e-Document(s) prior to June 1, 2008, your access will expire one year from the date of purchase. Access to single-user e-Documents purchased after June 1, 2008, will not expire.
Printing
If you purchased a single-user e-Document prior to 12/31/2011, you are allowed to print two copies of the document. Individual single-user e-Documents purchased after 12/31/2011 cannot be printed. If you require a hard copy of a document, please contact AIAG's Customer Service at (248) 358-3003.
Can I print a secure PDF, and then make copies for others in my company or department?
No. That is a violation of copyright. Documents may be shared or loaned but not reproduced in any fashion. The copyright statement on AIAG Documents reads:
"The contents of all published materials are copyrighted by the Automotive Industry Action Group unless otherwise indicated. All rights are preserved by AIAG, and content may not be altered or disseminated, published, or transferred in part of such content. The information is not to be sold in part or whole to anyone within your organization or to another company. Copyright infringement is a violation of federal law subject to criminal and civil penalties."
Why has AIAG opted to create secure PDFs with Digital Rights Management technology?
Managing access to documents based on copyright ownership and protecting content rights is imperative to the continued development and distribution of technical documents and standards. Many users simply don't know when they are in violation of copyright laws and this technology protects both the user and the publisher of technical information.
I purchased a document prior to 2/12/2014, downloaded the file and I am still able to view it. Will that change?
If you are able to view your file and are not having any issues you will be allowed to continue viewing your downloaded file.
Troubleshooting tips
Shopping Cart Help for information on ordering.
Troubleshooting opening/printing documents
I am unable to open document from the website.
Check to see what internet browser you are using. E-documents have been tested on Internet Explorer 10+, Firefox and Safari.
Vista and/or Windows 7 operating system issue: Users receive a message of "YOU MUST LOGON TO THE AIAG WEBSITE".
These users must add the AIAG website address as a trusted site.
HOW?
In Internet Explorer, click on Tools
Click on Internet Options
Click on the Security tab.
Click the 'trusted sites" item
Click the 'Sites' button.
Type in https://www.aiag.org
Click the Add button.
Membership
What are the benefits of membership?
AIAG benefits include discounts on product manuals, trainings and events, as well as access to free Quality Core Tools online trainings and more. View all our benefits here:
Membership Benefits
How do I apply for membership – and how long does it take to process an application?
You can apply for a membership at https://go.aiag.org/join. Membership Applications are processed within 24 to 48 hours of receipt.
*Please Note: We do recommend creating a free AIAG web account before applying for membership if you have not done so already.
What is the cost of membership?
Membership pricing details can be found at https://www.aiag.org/membership.
What payment options do you offer for membership? How do I pay for membership?
Payment options include credit card, wire transfer, check, or purchase order.
Wire transfer instructions can be fround here: Wire Transfer Instructions
My membership is expired. How do I reinstate my membership?
Unfortunately, you will need to fill out another application at https://go.aiag.org/join.
How many employees can have access to the membership?
There is no limit to the number of staff that can access membership benefits.
Do you offer individual memberships?
Unfortunately, we do not offer individual memberships – however, you can still make purchases online, or register for training and events at the non-member rate.
How do I access my membership renewal invoice/receipt?
Your membership renewal invoice will be mailed to your Accounts Payable department, unless you provided unique invoicing instructions to your AIAG member ambassador.
If you pay your renewal via the AIAG website, you will automatically be emailed a receipt, however, you must request a receipt from your member ambassador for any other form of payment.
Does membership cover subsidiaries and joint ventures?
Membership covers wholly owned subsidiaries. Joint ventures are not included and must obtain their own membership.
How do I access the membership certificate?
Please follow these steps to access your membership certificate.
Log into your AIAG account.
Go to "My Account".
Select "Membership Documents".
Click on "Membership Certificate".
Collaboration Workspace
Assistance accessing Collaboration Workspaces.
Consult our Collaboration Workspace Guide for information on our collaboration tool Huddle.
If you need additional assistance accessing Huddle, please contact your Program Manager
Usage statement
By joining and using AIAG's Collaboration Workspace, you agree that you have read and will follow the rules and guidelines set for these peer discussion groups. You also agree to reserve discussions for topics best suited to the medium.
Please familiarize yourself with the following list of guidelines that govern behavior on AIAG’s Collaboration Workspace. AIAG reserves the right to suspend or terminate membership in the forums for members who violate these rules.
Do not challenge or attack others. Do not post commercial messages. Use caution when discussing products. All information posted on the Collaboration Workspace is subject to libel, slander, and antitrust laws. Defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials are strictly prohibited. AIAG and other forums participants have the right to reproduce any items posted to AIAG’s Collaboration Workspace. Do not send the same message to multiple discussion topics (threads). You may post your message only under the most appropriate discussion topic. Cross-posting of messages is not allowed.
Disclaimer and legal rules: Carefully note all items listed in the disclaimer and legal rules below. AIAG’s Collaboration Workspace are provided as a service of the Automotive Industry Action Group. AIAG accepts no responsibility for the opinions and information posted on this site by others. AIAG disclaims all warranties with regard to information posted on this site, whether posted by AIAG or any third party. In no event shall AIAG be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with any information posted on this site.
Do not post any defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials. Do not post any information or other material protected by copyright without the permission of the copyright owner. By posting material, the posting party warrants and represents that he or she owns the copyright with respect to such material or has received permission from the copyright owner. In addition, the posting party grants AIAG and users of these forums the nonexclusive right and license to display, copy, publish, distribute, transmit, print, and use such information or other material.
Messages should not be posted if they encourage or facilitate members to arrive at any agreement, either expressed or implied, that leads to price fixing, a boycott of another's business, or other conduct intended to illegally restrict free trade. Messages that encourage or facilitate an agreement about the following subjects are inappropriate: prices, discounts, or terms or conditions of sale; salaries; profits, profit margins, or cost data; market shares, sales territories, or markets; allocation of customers or territories; or selection, rejection, or termination of customers or suppliers.
AIAG does not actively monitor the site for inappropriate postings and does not, on its own, undertake editorial control of postings. However, in the event that any inappropriate posting is brought to AIAG's attention, AIAG will take all appropriate action.
AIAG reserves the right to terminate access to any user who does not abide by these guidelines. Discussion Forums etiquette
State concisely and clearly the specific topic of the comments in the subject line. This allows participants to respond to your posting appropriately and makes it easier to search archives by subject. Only post a message to a discussion topic when it contains information that all participants can benefit from. Do not send administrative messages, such as "remove me from the forum," through the Collaboration Workspace.