https://www.albertaferretti.com/us_en/terms-of-use
arrow-down
arrow-right
arrow-down
close
Fill 1
Created with Sketch.
SALE: -50% off on selected items
CapsuleSpring Summer 2021Dreaming
Life is ...
Back to Winter
Autumn Winter 2020Life is...Back to winterOnline StoreSpring Summer 2021View AllDressesTops and OuterwearSkirts and TrousersShoes and Accessories
the new wave
A NY Minute
Autumn Winter 2020SaleView AllDressesTops and OuterwearSkirts and TrousersShoes and AccessoriesAlberta Ferretti JuniorMoodsDreamingBack to WinterThe New WaveAlberta Ferretti JuniorAccessories Pre Fall 2020Mid Summer NightsLa NotteA NY MinuteWorld OfCollectionsSpring Summer 2021Resort 2021Fall Winter 2020Prefall 2020Limited Edition FW20Spring Summer 2020Limited Edition SS20Cruise 2020Bridal Forever
Spring Summer 2021
HighlightsAD CAMPAIGNCELEBRITIESPRESS
Ad Campaign
us | ENG
Help
Store Locator
Language:
Shipping To:
United States
Change Country / Region
Your Language:
English
Spanish
Chinese
Please select your country / region
Please be advised that changing your location while shipping wil remove all items from your Cart and Wishlist
Europe
Albania
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Vatican City
Asia
Azerbaijan
Hong Kong SAR China
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kazakhstan
Macau SAR China
Malaysia
Singapore
South Korea
Taiwan
Thailand
Uzbekistan
Vietnam
Middle East
Israel
Jordan
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
America
Argentina
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Dominican Republic
Mexico
Peru
United States
Oceania
Australia
New Zealand
Africa
Morocco
Tunisia
Shanghai
Paris
Milano
Roma
Londra
Mosca
Jeddah
Beirut
Kiev
Monaco
Doha
Write to us
We are at your disposal
for any information.
We'll get back to you within 24 business hours.
SEND AN EMAIL
Request an appointment
at the Boutique
Be inspired. Rely on our staff to touch
the world of Alberta Ferretti and you'll receive
personalized assistance for your shopping.
SEND YOUR REQUEST
Call us
877-648-5975
Our customer service is available from Monday
through Fridays, from 9.00 a.m. to 1.00 p.m.>
and from 2.00 p.m. to 6.00 p.m.
CALL US
Customer care
Faq
Time of delivery
Payment method
Website accessibility
Call us
1-888-530-0016
Login
TERMS OF USE
1. Introduction
Welcome to the "www.albertaferretti.com" website, the official online boutique of  Aeffe retail SPA, with registered office in San Giovanni in Marignano (RN), via delle Querce 51 , tax code, VAT No, and Rimini Business Registry Enrolment No. 03177830407, EAI no. RN - 281191 (hereafter the “Site”). The Site is managed and maintained by Triboo Digitale S.r.l. with registered office in Viale Sarca 336, 20126 Milan, Italy, tax code, VAT No, and Milan Business Registry Enrolment No. 02912880966 (hereafter “TD”).
Access and use of the Site is regulated by the General Conditions of Use (hereafter the "General Conditions"). The access and use of this Site, as well as the purchase of products, imply the reading, knowledge and acceptance of these General Conditions of Use, and General Sales Conditions.
If you do not agree with any or all sections of the Site General Conditions, please refrain from using this Site.
Anyone accessing and using the Site, implicitly declares not to use the Site for illicit purposes or those contrary to the applicable laws in force.
TD can modify or simply update these General Conditions, in full or in part. The changes and updates of the General Conditions will be notified to the users in the Homepage of the Website as soon as they become applicable, and they will be binding once published on the Website, in this section.
If any clause of these General Conditions is deemed illegal, null and void or ineffective for whatever reason, such invalidity or inefficacy shall have no effect on the validity or efficacy of the remainder provisions.
2. Contents of the Site
The access and use of the Website, including the visualization of the web pages, communication with TD, possibility to download information on products and purchase of said products on the Website, constitute activities carried out by our users, exclusively for personal purposes and not related to any commercial, entrepreneurial and professional activity.
The Website contains hypertext links (the "links") to other websites which are not related to the Website. TD does not control neither performs monitoring activities on said websites and their contents. TD shall not be held liable for the web content of such sites or the rules adopted by the same regarding your privacy and the processing of your Personal Data while browsing their website. Therefore, please be careful when connecting to these websites through the links available on the Website and read carefully the relative conditions of use and regulations on privacy. Indeed, these General Conditions of Use and the Privacy Policy of the Website are not applied to websites managed by other subjects other than TD. The Website provides links to other websites, only with the purpose to facilitate its users in their search and navigation activities, and to facilitate the online hypertext connection to other websites. The activation of the links does not imply any recommendation or warning by TD for accessing and browsing these websites, neither any guarantee about their contents, services or products offered by said sites and sold to the Internet users.
3. Liability limits
By accessing the site, you will be the only one liable for the use of the Website and its contents. In fact, TD cannot be deemed liable for the use of the Website and its contents which is not compliant with applicable laws, by any of its users, granted TD's liability for wilful misconduct or gross negligence. In particular, you will be the only one liable for the communication of wrong, false information and data or relative to third parties, without their explicit consent, and for the improper use of said data.
In conclusion, since all the material will be downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of a selected service at the user's risk, any liability for possible damages to the computer systems or losses of data due to downloading operations, will be borne by the user and cannot be attributed to TD. TD declines all liability for possible damages due to the impossibility to access the services offered on the Website or possible damages caused by viruses, corrupted files, errors, omissions, service interruptions, deletions of contents, problems related to the network, providers or telephone and/or telecommunication connections, non-authorized accesses, data alterations, lack and/or faulty operation of the user's electronic devices.
The user is liable for the preservation and use his/her personal information properly, including the login information that allows to access reserved services, and for any detrimental consequence or prejudice derived to TD or third parties due to improper use, loss, or stealing of said information.
4. Privacy Policy
Please read carefully the Privacy Policy statement - in order to understand how the Website collects and uses your personal data and for which purposes - also applied to users that access the Website and use the relative services, even without purchasing any product.
5. Intellectual Property Rights
All the contents of the Website, in any format, published on the Website, including web pages, graphics, colours, schemes, tools, the characters and design of the Website, the diagrams, layouts, methods, processes, functions and software relative to the Website, are protected by copyright and any other intellectual property right boasted by Aeffe retail SPA and by TD and other rights of proprietors. The reproduction of the Website and its contents, whether in full or in part, is prohibited in any form, without the explicit written approval of Aeffe retail SPA and TD. Aeffe retail SPA and TD boast the exclusive right to authorize or forbid the direct or indirect, temporary or permanent reproduction, in any way or form, whether in full or in part, of the Website and its contents. With regards to the use of the Website, you are exclusively authorized to:
(i)        view the Site and its contents;
(ii)        perform any other temporary reproduction activity which is not related to any personal economic purpose, considered provisional or additional, and integral and essential activity for the visualisation of the Website and its contents, and
(iii)        any other navigation activity on the Website, performed exclusively in view of a licit use of the same site and its contents.
Any additional reproduction activity shall be authorized by Aeffe retail SPA ad TD from time to time or by the authors of the single works available on the Website, if needed. Said reproduction activities shall be anyhow performed for licit purposes and in compliance with copyrights and all the other intellectual property rights of Aeffe retail SPA and TD and authors of the single works available on the Website. The authors of the single works published on the Website boast the right to claim the legitimacy of their work at any time, and to oppose to any alteration, editing or any other change of the same works, including any act that may cause prejudice to the works, and be detrimental for their image and reputation. You agree to comply with the copyrights of the artists that chose to publish their works on the Website of that have collaborated with the latter, to the creation of new expressive and artistic forms destined to be published, even if not exclusively, on the Website or that form an integral part of it. Moreover, you are not authorized under any circumstance, to use the contents of the Website and any single work protected by copyright and any other intellectual property right, in any way or form. For example and not limitedly to, you cannot alter or anyhow, modify the protected contents and works without the consent of Aeffe retail SPA and TD and of the single authors of the works published on the Website, if needed.
6. Applicable law
The General Conditions are regulated by the Italian law and interpreted pursuant to the same, including, by way of example and not limited to, any disputes concerning the existence, validity and efficacy of the General Conditions and any other provision it refers to.
If you are a consumer, please refer to Legislative Decree no.  206 of September 6th, 2005 - "The Consumer Code" plus any amendments and additions to the same, for further details on the juridical aspects regulated by these General Conditions.
7. Information
For assistance and/or information concerning orders and shipping, refunds and return of products purchased on the Website, suggestions and other general information on the services offered by the Website, please contact TD, by email at customercare@online.albertaferretti.com. For any other legal information, please consult the General Sales Conditions, Withdrawal and Privacy Policy.
8. Referral clause
Please refer to the General Sales Conditions for any aspects not contemplated by these General Conditions, as applicable.
Conditions of sales
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Cookies
Retuns & refunds
Dispute resolution
Seller’s legal warranty
Search