https://www.shawmeters.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Shaw Moisture Meters Privacy Policy
Shaw Moisture Meters (UK) Ltd, Len Shaw Building, Bolton Lane, Bradford, West Yorkshire BD2 1AF, England, is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is our priority.
This document sets out how Shaw Moisture Meters uses and protects any information collected about you or you give, including, when you use the website www.shawmeters.com, telephone our head office or communicate with our agents. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Please read carefully to understand how your personal information will be treated.
1.  Personal information we collect
Name
Job title
Company name
Telephone number
Email address
Postcode, country
Credit/debit card information and/or other payment information
Delivery and billing address
Device IP address which includes web pages visited and time spent
Other personal information that you choose to provide relevant to your enquiry when you make contact with us
2.  How we use your personal information
To maintain our relationship with you whilst you are a customer
To communicate with you, which includes responding to information requests, enquiries, obtaining feedback
To process orders and provide agreed goods and services
For invoicing, account set up and maintenance, processing payments
For record keeping, statistical analysis, internal reporting, research purposes
Notify you about changes to our products and services
To monitor the quality of our products and services
To plan and log delivery routes and requested onsite visits
To investigate any complaint made
To provide evidence in any dispute
To improve your website experience
To obtain credit references, credit checks
To protect the rights/property/safety of Shaw Moisture Meters and its staff
3.  Marketing
We may send you direct marketing in relation to our products and services by email and post as long as it is in line with any marketing preferences you have provided to us and will only send to you:
where you have consented to this
where you have not objected and the direct marketing is regarding similar products and services that were the subject of a previous sale or enquiry
If you do not wish to receive our direct marketing information you can choose to opt-out at any time by contacting Shaw Moisture Meters
Post – Len Shaw Building, Bolton Lane, Bradford, West Yorkshire, BD2 1AF, England
Email – mail@shawmeters.com
Telephone – +44 (0)1274 370151
Website enquiry form – www.shawmeters.com/contact
4.  Legal basis for processing personal information
Where you have provided consent
For the performance of a contract or prior to entering contract
Legal obligation compliance, e.g. health and safety, complaints and investigations, litigation
To protect your interests or the interests of another person
For our legitimate interests in:
managing your account and communicating with you
operating our website
sending marketing communication, processing orders
internal business
protecting our rights, property and safety (and that of others), you can object by emailing mail@shawmeters.com, please also see “The right to object”
5. How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with:
Third party providers:
who are providing services related to software, customer relationship management, market research
when necessary for us to process payments that are due
agents appointed as our sales agents in order to process sales or provide services on our behalf
our accountants, auditors, solicitors when providing us with professional advice
any government department or public body when the law requires
for reasons of public health and safety
to exercise/establish/defend the rights/safety/property of Shaw Moisture Meters and its employees
Any other third parties with your consent
We at Shaw Moisture Meters adhere to industry best practice privacy principles with respect to our data collection practices and we are committed to ensuring that the use and protection of any information given, held or transferred for business purpose is privacy protected and committed to the prevention of any unauthorised access or disclosure of information collected. We ask that our trusted third parties adhere to this too. However, our third party service providers may have a separate privacy statement.
6.  How long we keep your personal information
We will keep your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose it was collected, such as:
Legal obligation(s) to keep data for a certain length of time
Disputes or potential disputes
Guidelines issued by data protection authorities
Data is destroyed via safe and secure method once it is no longer required.
7.  Cookies
Our website uses cookies (small text files we put on your computer) to distinguish you from other users. Cookies allow us to store device related information for analysis to improve our website and provide you with a better browsing experience. Some cookies can be blocked but this may make certain functionalities unavailable, others e.g. Google Analytics, collect information to help us understand how our website is being used and how we can customise it for you.
By default we do not collect, store or use any directly identifying information such as name or address. We only monitor the device related information e.g. network related information, device model used, operating system version, browser type, browser version, to understand the general locale of our visitors and for analytical purposes to improve and provide better services.
Blocking cookies – you can decide whether to accept or reject cookies and also amend your browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may lose access to some functionalities on our website. Web browser controls vary depending on the browser, please visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
8.  Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. For prevention of unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safe guard and secure the information we collect. Communication submitted electronically is transmitted securely.
Please note, no internet transmission can be guaranteed 100% secure so we encourage you to take care and protect yourself online by using the appropriate anti-virus software etc.
9.  Your rights
The right to be informed – You have the right to know; how we use your personal information and your rights, in a clear, transparent and understandable format. This is documented in this Privacy Policy.
The right of access – You have the right to a copy of your personal information and how it is used.
The right to rectification – You have the right to modify any personal information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request the removal or deletion of your personal information when there is no purposeful reason for us to keep it.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to restrict further use of your personal information as an alternative to erasure. Please note, in order to respect the requests of those who wish to be restricted we would keep a list, we can still store your personal information but cannot use it.
The right to data portability – You have the right to obtain the personal information, only the personal information that you have provided to us, to reuse for your own purposes
The right to object – You have the right to object to certain types of processing relating to your particular situation.
10.  Updating this statement
Shaw Moisture Meters reserve the right to modify this document and update the relevant website page www.shawmeters.com/privacy-policy. Please bookmark and review to stay informed of the latest updates. Document changes will be dated. This document is effective from May 2018.
11.  Contact us
For further information regarding these rights or if you have any issues or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or our collection of your personal information or should you have any other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact Shaw Moisture Meters:
Post – Len Shaw Building, Bolton Lane, Bradford, West Yorkshire, BD2 1AF, England
Email – mail@shawmeters.com
Telephone – +44 (0)1274 733582
Website – contact us page
We will respond to your request within one month of receipt of it. Please provide as much information as possible, stating what action you would like us to take and why it should be taken. We may charge administrative costs depending upon the complexity and number of requests you have submitted.
If you are still unhappy you may complain to the Information Commissioner, details can be found on www.ico.org.uk.
Shaw Moisture Meters
Len Shaw Building, Bolton Lane, Bradford, West Yorkshire BD2 1AF, England
Tel: +44 (0)1274 733582, Fax: +44(0)1274 370151, email: mail@shawmeters.com
www.shawmeters.com
Shaw Moisture Meters (UK) Ltd. registered office – Len Shaw Building, Bolton Lane, Bradford, BD2 1AF, England, UK.
Registered in England No. 2730480. VAT Registration No. GB606977995.
GD6 Issue 1 – Last updated: 15th May 2018
For Service & Support Call : +44 (0)1274 733582
Service
About us Since 1960, Shaw Moisture Meters has been at the forefront of hygrometer design and manufacture and is a globally recognised leader in trace moisture measurement.
The SHAW guarantee is complimented by our commitment to deliver an exemplary service every time.
Products Hand Held SDHmini Range
Portable Dewpoint Meter Range
Inline Moisture Analysers
Dewpoint Transmitters
Dewpoint Sensor
Latest news
Taking a spot check reading October 31, 2019
Recent Posts
Taking a spot check reading
Hand Held Dewpoint Meter
Model SADP
Contact us Shaw Moisture Meters
Len Shaw Building
Bolton Lane
Bradford BD2 1AF
England
Telephone: +44 (0)1274 733582
Facsimile: +44 (0)1274 370151
Email: mail@shawmeters.com
www.shawmeters.com/contact
© 2020 Shaw Moisture Meters.
Website lovingly crafted by: thisisChemistry
About
Our Accreditations
Our History
Quality
Privacy Policy
Products
Portable Dewpoint Meters and Hygrometers
Model SDHmini-Ex Hand Held Dewpoint Meter
Model SDHmini/SDHmini-L Hand Held Hygrometer
Model SADP Portable Hygrometer
Model SADP-D Portable Dewpoint Meter
Hand Held Dewpoint Meter
Inline Moisture Analysers
Model Superdew 3
SDA
Dewpoint Sensor
Dewpoint Transmitter
Model SDT Dewpoint Transmitter
Model SDT-Ex Intrinsically Safe Dewpoint Transmitter
Sample Systems for Process Air or Gas Analysis
Portable Sample System – SDHmini Range
SU4 – Sample Conditioning Unit
Model SWS-SD3 Weatherproof Sample System
Model SSNGH Natural Gas Sample System
Accessories
Service and Calibration
Laboratory Calibration
Onsite Dewpoint Meter Calibration
Technical Information
Downloads
Automatic Calibration of Shaw Dewpoint Meter
Desiccant Dry-Down Technology
Installation
Basic Definitions
Shaw Dewpoint Calculator
News
Contact