http://www.federatedrural.com/privacy-policy
Lines of Coverage
Property
General Liability
Automobile
Crime
Umbrella Liability
Directors, Officers and Managers Liability
Cyber Liability
Workers' Compensation
Electromagnetic Field
Surety Bonds
Railroad Protective Liability
Other Insurance Solutions
About Federated
Who We Are
Federated Board of Directors
Federated Officers
Near-Miss Reporting
Video Library
×
Bookmark Page
Title
Close
Add Bookmark
Federated's Privacy Policy
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a user of our Web site, what kind of information may be collected, how that information may be used, and whether it is disclosed to anyone.
Collection
Our Web server uses a technology known as “cookies.” This technology allows our site to store a piece of information on your computer. This information allows us to track in the aggregate how and when pages in the site are visited and by how many users. We do not use cookies to collect personal information. The tracking information collected through cookies is not combined with any personal information so as to reveal your identity. The cookie is only active during the session and expires when you close your browser.
Disclosure
We do not disclose any information about your visits to our Web site or information that you provide to any third parties except as may be required by subpoena, search warrant or other legal process.
User ID
If you have been assigned a User ID for access to our secure Member Services section of our Web site, you are responsible for all activities executed under your User ID and are the only one who may use it. To meet this responsibility, you should select a secure password and keep it confidential.
Security
Federated Rural Electric Insurance Exchange has technological and operational security functions in place to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized employees have access to the data you provide and that access is limited by need. Our employees who have access to the data you provide have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
Policy Changes
If changes are made to this privacy policy, they will be posted here so that you will always know what information is gathered, how it will be used and whether it is disclosed to anyone.
Questions and Concerns?
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please send an e-mail to
Bill Birkeness , Administrative Manager.