https://www.capekaroomeat.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Cape Karoo International  Cape Karoo Shop  Cape Karoo Leather  Cape Karoo Feathers  Pet Treats
Privacy Policy
Cape Karoo International respects (and is committed to protecting) your privacy. We thus take extraordinary steps to handle any personal information collected on our website only in ways compatible with this Privacy Policy.
This website may collect certain information about your visit – such as the name of the internet service provider and the internet protocol (IP) address through which you access the internet, the date and time you access the site, the page(s) that you visit while on the site, and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
Cape Karoo International is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We will never sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in our privacy statement below. This information is only used to administer our website, analyse trends and to generally help improve our site, and will never result in spam e-mails.
Log Files:
Cape Karoo International keeps log files on broad fields to track user movements, analyse trends and gather demographic data. This is not linked to a visitor’s personal identification in any way.
Cookies / Tracking Technology:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitor’s hard drive containing information about the visitor. Cookies and tracking technologies are useful for gathering information, such as browser types and operating systems, tracking the number of visitors to a website and understanding how visitors use the websites they browse. This information can help customise a website for specific users. Advertisers connected to Cape Karoo International might at times require cookies to track statistics about products and locations, but they will not be supplied with any personal identification details of users. However, Cape Karoo International generally uses cookies for login convenience only.
Links:
This Privacy Policy applies solely to Cape Karoo International. We are not necessarily aware of, nor are responsible for, differences in privacy statements of external websites linked to or from ours.
Changes To Our Policy:
We may need to update this policy from time to time, in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our website. Please refer back to this policy regularly.
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright
Back To Top×