http://www.energas.co.uk/legal-notice
Legal Notice
Intellectual property AIR LIQUIDE ("AIR LIQUIDE" or "we") offers visitors and users access to this website based on (and assuming) your acceptance of the following terms. AIR LIQUIDE hereby grants you a non-transferable, nonexclusive license to access, download and use this website solely for your personal use. We may, at our sole discretion, add, delete or change some or all the features provided on the website at any time or terminate this license. All materials, including but not limited to the configurations, displays, screens, and all information appearing on or displayed in connection with or contained by AIR LIQUIDE on this website are protected under all applicable laws and regulations.
AIR LIQUIDE owns, reserves and retains all property rights, including copyrights, to this website and its contents. The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other indications of origin, including but not limited to AIR LIQUIDE’s domain name, displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of AIR LIQUIDE or a third party that has granted AIR LIQUIDE the right to use them on this site. Nothing contained herein should be construed as granting the browser or user any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site without the prior written consent of AIR LIQUIDE or the third party. AIR LIQUIDE and/or third-party content providers remain the owners of the information displayed on this website and the user does not acquire any of these ownership rights by printing or downloading any of the information or otherwise making use of the website’s features.
For your convenience, AIR LIQUIDE provides links to other sites and links to this site may be provided from other sites either known or unknown to AIR LIQUIDE. AIR LIQUIDE is not responsible for the content of any site that is linked to or from this site and links do not imply that AIR LIQUIDE sponsors, licenses, endorses or is otherwise connected to the site, the products or services described therein, or its owner, or that AIR LIQUIDE has authorised the linked site to use any trademark, trade name, logo or other trademarked or copyrighted material belonging to AIR LIQUIDE.
The terms and conditions pertaining to the use of this website are governed by the laws of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from the use of this website.
RESPECT FOR PRIVACY AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA The privacy and the security of your information are important to us. AIR LIQUIDE's policy is to respect and protect the privacy of the users of this web site. We will not voluntarily disclose individually identifiable information about our customers or other users of our website to any third party without first receiving that user's permission.
Ethics and use of collected data
AIR LIQUIDE only asks for certain types of personal information when using the website. In a few areas on our website, including order fulfilment and online customer support tools, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit, assist you with technical support issues, or follow up with you after your visit. Unless the requested information is necessary for request fulfilment, you will be informed and it will be totally optional for you to provide it or not. However, by agreeing to the terms and conditions of this website, you authorize us to collect this information. We may ask for your name, email address, phone number, street address, type of business, customer preference information, customer number, as well as other similar personal information that is needed for registration or subscription to our services or offers.Accordingly, AIR LIQUIDE uses the personal data you have provided to this website for the following purposes:
To ensure appropriate follow-up of your subscription for our services or offers and order fulfilment
To provide online customer assistance tools and follow-up in connection with such technical assistance
To process your application if you have responded online to a job offer at AIR LIQUIDE
AIR LIQUIDE also processes the personal data you provide in the course of your dealings and communications with us, such as your email exchanges, your discussions using tools and platforms provided by AIR LIQUIDE, or in connection with the virtual workspaces and collaborative tools used by Air Liquide. The purpose of such processing is to make these tools available, ensure and monitor their appropriate use, and ensure the security of the IT system and the confidentiality of the information it contains.
Passive personal data collection
Some of the personal data stored on our server is provided by you voluntarily when you complete forms online, while other data are collected automatically.In order to improve user browsing experience on our sites and for statistical analysis purposes, Air Liquide automatically collects certain data when you visit our sites:
your IP address: an IP address is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider so that you can access the web
the date and time you visit to the site and the pages you view
your computer’s operating system and the internet browsing software used
your login, if you browse restricted areas of the site
your browsing history within Group websites and the duration of your connection
We recommend that you also read our page about cookies.
Transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area
Besides, the use of the web conference service as well as the availability of communication tools and platforms involves the transfer of personal data (names, surnames and email address) for the purpose of identification, and exchanged data (message, attachments)  for the purpose of hosting and administration to non-member states of the European Economic Area, including the United States, whose legislation on the protection of personal data is different from the legislation of the European Economic Area.
When we transfer your data to the United States, we will treat your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the Standard Contractual Clauses that were set out by the European Commission (decision 2010/87/EU) and that are signed with our providers.
Moreover, because of the international dimension of the group and its organisation, AIR LIQUIDE transfers your personal data within its entities located in countries not members of the European Economic Area. These transfers are covered by "Binding Corporate Rules" approved by the competent authorities for the protection of personal data. You can consult them by following this link.
Your rights with respect to your personal data
In accordance with the applicable regulations on the protection of personal data, in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, you have a right of access, rectification and erasure of the personal data which concern you, the right to oppose, for reasons relating to your particular situation, to the treatment of your personal data, as well as the right to set guidelines regarding the fate of your personal data post-mortem.
In addition, in some cases you may request to receive the personal data you have provided to us or, where possible, to send it directly to another controller.
In certain circumstances, you also have the right to obtain the limitation of the processing of your personal data.
For data processing requiring consent from you, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The exercise of this right does not affect the lawfulness of consent-based treatment prior to withdrawal.
For any request or complaint relating to the processing of your personal data and the exercise of your rights, you can contact the Data Protection Officer designated by AIR LIQUIDE.
By surface mail: Energas Ltd, Westmoreland Street, Hull, HU2 0HX
By email: info@energas.co.uk
Modifications
AIR LIQUIDE reserves the right to modify or complete this Privacy Statement at any time. All such updates will be flagged on the homepage of the website and you are advised to read this Privacy Statement every time you access the AIR LIQUIDE website. All such modifications or additions to this Privacy Statement are applicable as soon as they are posted on the website.
Contact Us
Select one
Quotation
Collection
Invoicing
Ordering
Safety Data Sheets
Other