https://www.buildingdesign-news.co.uk/privacy.htm
- BuildingDesign News - Construction / Services News Archives
Home
Subscribe
News By Company
Newsletters By Date
Product Directory
Submit Tender Request
BuildingDesign News
Request Product Information
Architectural Products - External
Architectural Products - Internal
Electrical Engineering - Services
Mechanical / HVAC - Services
Data Centres - Design / Maint.
Hospitals - Design / Maintenance
Facilities - Interiors / Maint.
Latest News
View Current Newsletter
How To Feature
How to promote your Company
Subscribe / Unsubscribe
BuildingDesign Newsletter
Connect With Us
Privacy Policy
As you may be aware, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect May
25th 2018.
As a consequence of this, we are required to provide you with information on how
we handle personal information about you and how to contact us, and if you have any questions about our data processing or wish to change your preferences with regard to that processing or the ways in which we contact you.
You may request further details about our processing activities, including a complete record of the data we store about you, ask us to correct the information we hold, or ask us to stop processing it, by writing to us at
Arundel Jones Associates, Unit 1C, Hill Farm Business Park, Linton Hill, Maidstone, Kent ME17 4AL or emailing us on news@buildingdesign.co.uk (Tel: 01622 745333)
You can change your contact preferences at any time by writing to or emailing us on the addresses above. You may also ask us to delete the information we hold about you.
We may contact you by post, email or telephone (including SMS messages), where we have the relevant contact information, unless you have previously specified preferences in this regard.
We do not, and will never, share your information with any third parties except where we are compelled to by law or where you have given express permission
to do so.
Featured Companies on the BuildingDesign Portal
If you have requested information or direct marketing from any of the companies featured on www.buildingdesign-news.co.uk and later wish to withdraw
or change your consent, please contact the relevant company direct from which you have received marketing so that they can unsubscribe you from their lists.
BuildingDesign e-Newsletter
If you have subscribed to our twice weekly e-Newsletter and no
longer wish to receive it, you can unsubscribe at any time
here ». When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.
If you change your mind at any time, you can add your email address to the Newsletter distribution list visiting our Newsletter Subscribe
page
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
Data Controller
The data controller of this website is: Arundel Jones Associates, Unit 1C, Hill Farm Business Park, Linton Hill, Maidstone, Kent ME17 4AL
Registered in England & Wales No. 07334149
Cookies
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors. We
will
ask
you
to
consent
to
our
use
of
cookies
in
accordance
with
the terms
of
this
policy
when
you
first
visit
our
website.
By using
our
website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Collecting personal information We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your computer - (Type: PC/Mac/Mobile Device and Operating System)
Your visits to and use of this website including geographical location
Web Browser type and version
Referral
source,
length
of
visit, page views and website navigation paths.
Home
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Services
CPD / Seminars
Tenders / Quotations
Links Directory
Portals
BuildingDesign Portal
BuildingDesign Tenders
BuildingDesign News Archive
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Site Map
Terms of Use
BuildingDesign Media ©
- BuildingDesign Portal | BuildingDesign Tenders