http://www.leanlearningcenter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyLean Learning Center2020-03-02T18:54:16-05:00
The Lean Learning Center is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers, members and visitors. This privacy policy describes what information Lean Learning Center will collect, and how we will use that information.
Information Collection
We only collect personal information that you provide to our website. Our registration and product pages collect information, including payment and contact information, to use in processing your requests. Every transaction conducted on this site is encrypted for your protection.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including the processing of mailings. They are not permitted to use the information for any other purpose.
Control of Your Personal Information
Lean Learning Center will not rent, sell or share your personal information.
Cookies
Like most websites, we use “cookies” to improve your visits to the website. Cookies are bits of information that a website stores on your computer during your visit for record-keeping purposes. If you wish, you can configure most web browsers to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent.
Mailing Lists
When you register for a workshop, request information, or buy a product, we may add your contact information to our mailing list for marketing and promotional purposes, so we can contact you about upcoming Lean Learning Center workshops and new products that we think may interest you.
Removal from Mailing Lists
If you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please email us info@leanlearningcenter.com, call (248) 906-8605, or write to: Lean Learning Center, 3250 W. Big Beaver Rd, Suite 139, Troy, MI  48084.
Policy Changes
If we update our privacy policy, we will post any modifications on this site. If you have any questions, or comments regarding this web site or its practices, please call us at (248) 906-8605, or email us info@leanlearningcenter.com.
WANT TO IMPLEMENT LEAN AND GROW YOUR BUSINESS?
Then sign up for our FREE newsletter. Get exclusive strategies straight to your inbox.
Name
First
Last
Email
No Thanks
Go to Top