http://www.electrosonic.com/company/terms-and-conditions/
Home
>
Terms & Conditions
Legal Notice & Terms of UseEffective Date: June 22, 2018Applicability of the Terms of Use and the Privacy StatementElectrosonic, Inc. (“we,” “us,” or “our”) operates the web site at www.electrosonic.com (the “web site”). By accessing this web site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Legal Notice and the Privacy Statement. Do not access the web site or use its services if you do not agree to all the terms and conditions laid down in this Legal Notice and the Privacy Statement.We may update this Legal Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them. Your continued use of the web site following the posting of the revised Legal Notice means that you accept and agree to the changes. You should check this page frequently so you are aware of any changes.Trademarks, Copyrights & RestrictionsAll materials on this web site, including, but not limited to images, illustrations, audio clips, video clips (the “Materials”) are protected by copyrights or other intellectual property rights, which are owned or licensed by Electrosonic. No material from this web site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except with Electrosonic’s written permission. However, you may make one copy, for personal non-commercial home use only, provided all copyright and other notices contained in the Material are left intact. Any modification of this Material or use of the Material for any other purpose constitutes an infringement of Electrosonic’s or its licensor’s copyright and other proprietary rights. Use of this Material on any other web site, social media account or other networked computer environment is prohibited. For enquiries regarding permission to use images, documents, materials or text either from the Electrosonic web site or any of its publications, please contact us.Permitted Use of the Web SiteUse of the web site is for you informational purposes only. You are specifically prohibited from using the web site and you agree not to use, or permit others to access and/or use, the web site, for any of the following: (a) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the web site’s infrastructure, including but not limited to “spam” or other such unsolicited mass e-mailing techniques; (b) disclose to, or share with, the assigned confirmation numbers and/or passwords with any unauthorized third parties or using the assigned confirmation numbers and/or passwords for any unauthorized purpose; (c) attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software or HTML code comprising or in any way making up a part of the web site; (d) upload, post, emailing or otherwise transmitting any information, content, or proprietary rights that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (e) violating any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, any regulations having the force of law; and, (f) using any robot, spider, intelligent agent, or other automatic or manual device or process to search, monitor or copy our web site pages, or the content without Electrosonic’s prior written consent, provided that generally available third party web browsers may be used without such permission.Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of WarrantiesTo the extent permitted by the law, neither Electrosonic nor its affiliates shall be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or other damages whatsoever arising out of or in connection with the use or access to, or inability to use or access this web site or its content.Electrosonic will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the information and materials provided on the web site are correct. However, Electrosonic cannot guarantee the accuracy of all information and materials and does not assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of any information and materials contained on the web site. We do not warrant that the operation of this web site will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that this web site is free from viruses or other components that may be harmful to equipment or software. Electrosonic does not guarantee that the web site will be available all the time or at any specific time.Links to Other Web SitesThe web site may contain links to other web sites which are not within our control or which do not belong to us. Electrosonic is not responsible or liable for the information or materials made available by such third party web sites. We recommend you to read the terms of use and privacy statements of all third party web sites before using such web sites or submitting any personal data or any other information on or through such web sites.Applicable LawThe use of the web site, this Legal Notice and the Privacy Statement are governed by the laws of the United States. Unless otherwise provided by law, the courts of the U.S. have exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any disputes arising from or in connection with the use of the web site, this Legal Notice or the Privacy Statement.Copyright NoticeCopyright © 2018 Electrosonic, Inc., 12400 Whitewater Dr., Ste. 140, Minnetonka, MN 55343 USA All rights reserved.Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.Linking to Electrosonic Web SiteGenerally, Electrosonic does not object to parties making referential links to the Electrosonic web site. However, we prefer that any reference to our company name or product names appear in a simple font and format and that you use appropriate words, such as “This way to electrosonic.com” or “click here for more information on the Electrosonic front page”. You may not use the Electrosonic corporate logo on its own, nor any other Electrosonic graphic or logo to make these links, without prior permission from Electrosonic.TrademarksThe Electrosonic name, the terms [LIST COMPANY TRADEMARKS], and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of Electrosonic or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without our prior written permission. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on this web site are the trademarks of their respective owners.Link to Gender Pay Gap Report  2017
I Accept
By closing this message, you consent to our cookies on this device in accordance with our cookie policy unless you have disabled them.