http://www.e-leran.com/info/terms-conditions
Close
Ready to Buy?
Call us today at 1-888-820-6511 to set up your new account or create a web login for your existing account.
If you need assistance, please
contact us.
Sign up for emails regarding the benefits, cost-savings, and solutions of being a Home Depot Pro customer.
Preferences have been saved!
* All fields are required.
Email*
First Name*
Last Name*
Company Name*
Do you have an existing account?*
If yes, please enter your account #:
Sign-up for email updates.
Thank You!
We appreciate you signing up. Please check your email within a few hours for confirmation.
Customer Credit Available
Accelerate your business's options and take it the next level when you open a credit line with Home Depot Pro. Download our credit application to apply.
Need Assistance?
Visit our help center for useful tips on placing online orders, using web features, and more.
Visit Help Center
Privacy Policy
Home
Website Terms and Conditions
Website Terms and Conditions
Home Depot Pro is a division of Home Depot U.S.A., Inc. (hereinafter "Company").
Use of This Site This website may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Company reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Company believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Company or inaccuracies, or errors in product or pricing information.
Acceptance of These Terms and Conditions Your access to and use of this website is subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. You will not use the website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. By using the website you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop using the website.
Product Information and Warranties The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Company, and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Pictures and drawings on this site are intended for a general description only, and, unless specified, do not represent any specific brand. Company has made a conscientious effort to display and describe its products and services on the site accurately so that you can get a good idea of their design and use, and of the services offered. Furthermore, Company is constantly improving its information, products and services. Consequently, Company cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information, including prices, product images, specifications, services and availability of products. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. Original manufacturers' names or stock numbers which may appear on this website or in a catalog, brochure or other correspondence are there for the purpose of identification only, and are not a representation either expressed or implied that items offered or sold are genuine products of such original manufacturers. Every effort will be made to ship the brand identified, however, Company reserves the right to ship an equivalent product in the event that the brand identified is not available.
In no event will Company be liable for any loss or damage, including without limitation, direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, liquidated, moral, punitive, or consequential losses or damages, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Company takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Copyright/Trademark All software and content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, and software, is the owned or licensed property of Company or its software and content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Company, and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Company grants you permission to view and use content and software made available to you on the site in connection with your use of the site. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content and software on this site is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, you agree not to sell, license, rent, adapt or create derivative works from the content and software made available to you on the site in connection with your use of the site.
Information You Submit
No information or material provided to Company by you through this website may contain vulgar, obscene, threatening or otherwise unlawful language or material. By sending any how-to information or material, you grant Company an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute such materials or information, and you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to such information or materials and that Company is free to use ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or any other personal information or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless we obtain your permission to use your name or we are required to do so by law. Please review our Privacy and Security Statement
for a complete description of how we handle personal information submitted in the process of ordering products or registering on our site.
Link to Other Websites This website may contain links to other websites so that you may learn more about the products available from Company and other matters that Company feels may be of interest to you. Company is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Company of the site or any association with its operators. While Company will make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that these websites will meet your approval, Company has no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites, and is in no manner responsible or liable for the availability and content of the websites to which the Company website is linked. Company makes no representations whatsoever about any other site you may access through this website. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Any concerns regarding any product or service offered by a website to which this website is linked or the link itself should be directed to the operator of that specific website and not to Company.
Severability In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is declared by any judicial or other competent authority to be void, voidable, illegal or otherwise unenforceable or indications of the same are received by either you or us from any relevant competent authority, we shall amend that provision in such reasonable manner as achieves the intention of the parties without illegality or, at our discretion, such provision may be severed from these Terms and Conditions and the remaining provisions of this Terms and Conditions shall remain in full force and effect.
Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Company and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities, legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against Company arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions or other liabilities arising out of your use of this website.
Illegal Activity You agree to use this website in a manner that is consistent with the expressed wishes of Company and the Terms and Conditions herein. You must not modify, adapt or hack our service or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with our service or any other service of or related to Company. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of our website and, in particular, you must not attempt to thwart security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, website, router or any other internetworking connection device. Participating in any of the above activities, or any other activity deemed "illegal", will subject you to criminal prosecution.
DISCLAIMER YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR THE USE OF THIS SITE AND THE INTERNET GENERALLY. THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY COMPANY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, AND FREEDOM FROM ERRORS, VIRUSES, BUGS, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE SITE, ANY DELAYS ON THE SITE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, ANY PORTION THEREOF, OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Terms of Sale View Our Specific Terms of Sale