http://www.premier1supplies.com/service/privacy_policy.php
Skip to content
FREE Ground Delivery on qualified items for orders over $100. Learn More »
Your browser is outdated. Upgrade to a modern browser to better experience this site.
Your browser has turned off or is blocking Javascript.
If you are using a content blocker, check to see that you have not globally turned off Javascript.
If you have turned it off manually in your browser, please enable it to better experience this site.
Shop Products
All
Fencing
Clippers
Ear Tags
Poultry
Equipment
Shepherd's Choice
Farm to Table
Gifts
Search
0 Items
Fencing
Clippers and Shears
Ear Tags and Tattoo Supplies
Poultry Supplies
Equipment
Shepherd's Choice
Farm to Table
Gifts
Closeouts & Used Items
Catalog Quick Order
Do you know the item # of the product you want to order?
Order
Notice
The item you have selected () is back-ordered and will not be shipped with the rest of your order. If you order now, we will ship it to you as quickly as possible after it arrives.
Continue
or
Cancel
Item Not Found
The item you have selected () could not be found. Please check the item # you entered.
Close
Home
Privacy & Security Notice
Privacy & Security Notice
Copyright Notice
This website and its content is protected by copyright of Premier1Supplies.com. All rights reserved for the use of any content including of photos, diagrams, words or phrases. Content shall not be duplicated for use in any form or medium without specific written permission from Premier Sheep Supplies, Ltd.
Redistribution or reproduction of any part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited
without express written permission and may not include any commercial use deemed by Premier
Sheep Supplies, Ltd. to copy or exploit the content of this site. Transmission or storage of
any content on another website or other form of electronic retrieval system is also prohibited.
As so many seek to imitate our efforts, we take any such infringement very seriously.
Premier1Supplies.com adheres to the highest standards in assuring our customers' privacy
and information security. All information, including transactions, customer accounts, and all
correspondence, are handled with discretion and care.
This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting our website, you are accepting the
practices described in this policy.
We are not in the business of selling customer information to others.
To that end, we will not make your name, email address, home address, or any other personal
information available to other companies or individuals.
Information We Collect
Information that is collected through the use of cookies and standard Web server log files may be used to enhance the content of our site to provide you with a better experience in the future, to respond to customer inquiries and suggestions, or to provide special offers to you.
Purchases and Other Financial Transactions: When you make a purchase or engage in any other financial transaction, you will be asked to provide information necessary to facilitate the transaction, such as your name, credit card or debit card number, associated security code, telephone number, billing address, email address, and shipping address.
Sign-Up for Emails, Newsletters, or Other Correspondence: If you sign up on Premier1Supplies.com to receive email communications, newsletters, or other correspondence from us, you may be asked to provide us with your name, email address, and mailing address, along with other information related to your subscription or correspondence.
Online Information-Gathering Tools: We use cookies, mobile advertising identifiers, web beacons, and other online information-gathering tools—including Google advertising cookies and identifiers to enable the collection of Google Analytics data for web traffic on Premier1Supplies.com. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide certain features to our site or to enhance and enable the shopping experience. For example, when you put items in your shopping cart, this information is temporarily stored in a cookie.
Usage Data: When you use or access the Premier1Supplies.com, we may collect certain usage data generated by your activities, including your search terms, page views, purchasing history, credit card chargeback data, pages viewed, number of bytes transferred, hyperlinks clicked, and other actions you take on Premier1Supplies.com.
Live Chat: When you communicate with us online through the Live Chat interface, we collect these communications for customer service, processing personal information requests, compliance records, and training purposes.
We may keep the information we collect about you indefinitely.
How We Use Information We Collect
We may use information we collect about you for a variety of commercial purposes. For example, we may use such information to:
process payment transactions and provide fraud detection, prevention, and scoring services;
administer and improve the Site and businesses;
promote our products and services to you;
deliver email communications, newsletters, and other correspondence to which you subscribe;
conduct other marketing activities;
communicate with you regarding your membership in one of our programs, and facilitate the functioning of our programs; and
respond to your inquiries and other correspondence, or request that you provide feedback to us.
Security
Premier 1 is committed to protecting the security of your information. Premier 1 uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, Premier 1 encrypts and stores the information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard information, transmission via the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee that any such information will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others who do not have your authorization.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and Personal Information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always choose to log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Data Retention
In accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations, Premier 1 will retain your information as long as necessary to serve you, to maintain your account for as long as your account is active, or as otherwise as long as is necessary for the uses described in this Privacy & Security Notice.
When your account expires or becomes disabled, Premier 1 will retain your information for at least 30 days before it is permanently removed from all of Premier 1’s systems. Premier 1 will retain information about its customers as required by applicable regulations and to comply with its legal and reporting obligations, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, complete any outstanding transactions and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
Email Messages
You will not receive email from Premier1Supplies.com (other than customer service email
related to a particular order or a request of yours) unless you specifically subscribe to
our newsletter. If you do subscribe, and later change your mind, you can always
unsubscribe from future mailings.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Premier1Supplies.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is
subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration
of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Iowa. If you have any concern about
privacy at Premier1Supplies.com, please send us a thorough description using our
feedback form and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly. This notice and the conditions of use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy & Security Notice, please write to us at: Premier 1 Supplies, 2031 300th St, Washington, IA 52353.