http://www.linwoodhomes.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Who we are
For over 35 years, Linwood Homes Ltd. (Linwood) has been a name that means trust in North America.  We value you as our customer, and want to assure you, that our associates are committed to upholding the trust you’ve placed in us as one of North America’s oldest prefabricated home manufacturers. Linwood’s Protection of Personal Information Principles were created to ensure we preserve the confidentiality, accuracy and security of your personal information.  These principles guide us in the collection, use, retention and disclosure of your personal information.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Personal information means any information about an identifiable individual. This includes information such as your name, address, telephone number, purchase information or e-mail address.  As a customer, you provide Linwood with any or all of this information in a variety of ways, such as purchasing a home, a plan book order or other material items. In every case, Linwood adheres to strict guidelines when dealing with your personal information.
Collecting your personal information
When you provide Linwood with personal information, we inform you as to why we are collecting it.
Linwood obtains your consent for the collection of your personal information. In some instances, where the purpose for collection is obvious, your consent is implied.
Using and Disclosing your personal information
Linwood only uses and discloses your personal information for the purposes identified to you when your consent was obtained.
Linwood does not provide your personal information for marketing purposes of other organizations.
You can withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information at any time, subject to legal restrictions and upon reasonable notice to Linwood.  We will let you know of the implications of withdrawing your consent. Information may be retained by Linwood for audit or archival purposes.
Linwood strives to ensure that our security measures protect against loss, theft and unauthorized access, disclosure, use or modification of your personal information.
Linwood limits access to your personal information to those Linwood associates who may need it for use in accordance with Linwood’s established privacy principles.
Linwood associates sign an annual Code of Conduct, which requires them to keep your personal information confidential and comply with our security standards.
Linwood keeps your information for as long as necessary and in order to service you to a high standard.
You are entitled to access your personal information
If you request access to your personal information, Linwood responds to your request within 30 days.
There is no cost for reasonable requests unless you require copies of records. Linwood advises you of the cost, if any, prior to copying those records.
Linwood may not be able to provide you with access to your personal information where the information cannot be separated from the records of others, cannot be disclosed for reasons of security or commercial confidentiality, or is protected by legal privilege.
Linwood provides you with the answers
Linwood has established a Privacy Office and has appointed a senior executive as privacy officer to ensure that everyone at Linwood complies with our Protection of Personal Information Principles. Linwood investigates and responds to any questions, complaints or requests for information you may have.
How to contact the Linwood Privacy Office
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about privacy at Linwood, or if you would like to withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information, or to obtain a copy of our Protection of Personal Information Principles, contact the Linwood Privacy Office at:
Linwood Privacy Office
8250 River Road
Delta, British Columbia
V4G 1B5
1-800-663-5693
privacy@Linwoodhomes.com
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What is “personal Information”?
A:  “Personal information” is any information about an identifiable individual. This includes information such as a person’s name, address and home phone number.
2. Q:Do I have to give Linwood my personal information in order to conduct business with Linwood?
A:  There are several instances where you are required to give us your personal information for operational and/or administrative purposes.  For example, we require your personal information in order to prepare a Purchase Agreement or deliver an item to you that you may have purchased. Giving us your personal information for these kinds of primary operational purposes is necessary to obtain products from Linwood.
3. Q: What are the differences between primary and secondary purposes of personal information collection?
A:  Primary purposes are those purposes that are operational and are absolutely necessary for Linwood to be able to provide the products and/or services that you request from us.  For example, a primary purpose for our collecting your address may be to ensure we can successfully deliver to your home the item you may have purchased.  Secondary purposes are any purposes that are over and above the primary/operational purposes, like sending you communications that may include notifications of sales or other exclusive offers.
4. Q: Will I be advised of the collection purposes prior to giving my consent?
A:  Yes. When you fill out a Linwood form that asks for your personal information (e.g. credit card, etc.) there is a privacy notice that outlines both our primary and secondary purposes for collecting your information.
5. Q: Why is it important to keep Linwood up to date with regards to my personal information?
A:  Keeping your personal information as accurate and up-to-date as possible ensures that you will get the best possible information and service offerings from Linwood.
6. Q: May I review the personal information Linwood has about me?  Can I obtain copies of that information?
A:  Yes. You can review the personal information we have about you on file by contacting our Privacy Office.  There is no cost for reasonable requests for access to your personal information, but there may be a fee to supply you with copies of records. We will advise you of the fee, if any, at the time of your request.
7. Q: Where can I get a copy of Linwood’s Customer Privacy Brochure?
A:  There are three ways you can obtain our Customer Privacy Brochure:
Download the PDF version of our Customer Privacy Brochure now here.
Contact our Privacy Office:
Linwood Privacy Office
8250 River Road
Delta, British Columbia
V4G 1B5
1-800-663-5693 privacy@linwoodhomes.com
Website Privacy Information
This website is owned and operated by Linwood Homes Ltd. in conjunction with its subsidiaries and their affiliates (collectively referred to as “Linwood”).
Use of your Personal Information collected through eNewsletter Subscriptions
The information provided by you to subscribe to the Linwood eNewsletter is collected by Linwood to deliver the Linwood eNewsletter to your email address.  If you wish to unsubscribe from our eNewsletter, please click the “unsubscribe” option that appears at the bottom of every eNewsletter. If you wish to obtain more information on Linwood’s Privacy Policy, please contact the Linwood Privacy Office.
Use of your Personal Information collected through Shopping Transactions on this Website
The information provided by you to make a purchase is collected by Linwood to process your online transactions and ship your item(s). In order to protect you and Linwood from fraudulent transactions, Linwood may provide your transaction-related information to a reputable third party organization to perform address verification. This address verification is intended to ensure that the “bill to” address that you provide matches your credit card address.  If you wish to obtain more information on Linwood’s Privacy Policy, please contact the Linwood Privacy Office.  You also have the right to request to review the personal information Linwood has about you on file by contacting us, in writing, at the address above.
Security
This website strives to protect your personal information.  For security of transactions, we use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any information you send to us electronically. The encryption process protects your information, such as your credit card number, billing and shipping information by scrambling it before it is sent to us from your computer. Once the website receives your transmission, we make commercial reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our system. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while this website strives to protect your personal information, we cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Unlawful Activities
This website reserves the right to cooperate with local, provincial, national and international authorities in investigations of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of personal information. We may also report to other organizations about improper or unlawful user activities on this website and this reporting may include disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.
About Any Other Information you send to this website
Apart from information relating to shopping orders, eNewsletters, we do not collect or wish to receive any information or other materials from you through this website that may be considered personal, confidential or proprietary. All information and materials received (other than information concerning shopping orders, or eNewsletters) will be considered to be non-confidential, and you will be deemed to have granted to this website an irrevocable license and consent to use, copy, display, and distribute such information and materials for any purpose whatsoever. This website will not use your name in connection with such information or materials without your prior consent.
Linwood Credit Privacy Information
Linwood will use the information on your application and will collect and use information about your creditworthiness for the following purposes:
Assessing your credit worthiness
Maintaining the accuracy of the information
Office Locations
Head Office - British Columbia, Canada
Sales & Manufacturing: 8250 River Rd, Delta, BC V4G 1B5
Washington, United States
Sales: 535 Dock St Suite 100, Tacoma, WA 98402
Alberta, Canada
Sales: 11 Bowridge Dr NW, Calgary, AB T3B 3R6
Ontario, Canada
Sales: 2090 Nathaway Dr, Youngs Point, ON K0L 3G0
Sales: 2027 Commerce Park Dr, Innisfil, ON L9S 4A2
Construction: 265 Iron Town Ln, Marmora, ON K0K 2M0
×
Join Our Team
Name*
First
Last
Phone*Email*
Build location*
Street Address
Questions
×
Corporate Inquiries
Name*
First
Last
Phone*Email*
Build location*
Street Address
Questions
×
Tell Us a Bit More About Your Project
1 of 62 of 63 of 64 of 65 of 66 of 6
Where are you looking to build?*
Do you own a lot?YesCurrently lookingNot yet
When do you want to start construction?*
What is your project budget?*Number From Range
Do you have a favourite design?
Let's talk!*
First
Last
Email*
Phone*Preferred Contact TimeMorningAfternoonEvening
×