http://www.manningltg.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
You appear to be using IE 6 (released Aug. 2001).
To take advantage of all of the features on our site, please consider upgrading to a current version of IE.
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyHow we use your business information
We use your personal/business information to communicate with you if and when necessary in connection with your use of our website, to respond to your questions, or to send you material and information you request.
Disclosing your personal information to others
We do not sell, rent, license, trade or otherwise disclose the personal information of our website visitors to unaffiliated third parties.
Links to other sites
We do not endorse any other websites, and our privacy policy applies only to your use of our website. We have not reviewed the privacy policies of any websites we link to our website, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may collect about you.
Links to other websites are merely provided as a convenience to the consumer.
Security
Since we are committed to your privacy and security, we have put in place electronic and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk.
Changes in Manning Lighting’s Privacy Policy
By using our website, you consent to our collection and the use of your personal/business information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy and procedures, we will post these changes on our website. You have the opportunity to review privacy policy each time you use the website so that you are aware of any modifications made to these policies.
Choice/opt-out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us or to delete your business account information. You have the following options for reviewing or removing your information from our database to no longer receive communication from us:
You can send e-mail to info@manningltg.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Manning Lighting
P.O. Box 1063
Sheboygan, WI 53082
Privacy Policy
Some content requires Adobe Acrobat Reader to view.