http://www.intrum.com/about-us/privacy/privacy-terms/
Investors
Reports & presentations
Interim reports and presentations
Annual Report
Capital Markets Day and ad hoc releases
Interim report archive
Intrum's partnership with Piraeus Bank
Partnership Intesa Sanpaolo
Financial info
Financial facts
Financial targets
Mergers & Acquisitions
Intrum Justitia
and Lindorff
Financial calendar
The share
Share price look-up
Share graph in html
Changes in share capital
Ownership structure
Analyst coverage
Share repurchases
Consensus
Portfolio investment accounting
Debt investors
Capital Markets Day 2020
Press
Publications
European Payment Report
EPR 2020 Special Edition White Paper
European Payment Report 2019
Webinar_Thank you for downloading
Webinar-EPR2020_Download-whitepaper
European Consumer Payment Report
ECPR 2020 Special Edition Whitepaper
European Consumer Payment Report 2020
Nordic Debt Collection Analysis
Nordic Debt Collection Analysis no.2 | 2019
Nordic Debt Collection Analysis 2019
Nordic Debt Collection Analysis 2018
About us
Business Solutions
Credit Optimisation Services
Debt Collection Services
E-commerce services
Payment Services
Accounts receivable management
typ1 Thank you
Financial Services
Company info
Our locations
Our Brand
About our company
Mission
Purpose
Strategy
Corporate Governance
Nomination Committee
Corporate Governance Report
Risk and Risk Management
Shareholder meetings
EGM 14 December 2016
Annual General Meeting
Board of Directors
About the Board
Members of the Board
Auditors
Remuneration
Articles of Association
Management
Our values
Sustainability
Code of Conduct
Sustainability is core of our company
Career
‹ Privacy
We protect your data
We want you to feel confident when using our solutions and services. This page describes how we treat personal information and why we use cookies.
Privacy policy - introduction and country links
Intrum respects the privacy of all data subjects we are in contact with; regardless of if we process the personal data on our own or on other parties’ behalf. It is important for us that you understand what personal data we process about you, why we do it and what your rights are. Therefore, we urge you to read through our Privacy Policy, which will give you more information on the processing of your personal data by Intrum.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we process your personal data when we are the data controller and therefore responsible for the processing for instance conducting debt collection activities and purchasing debt. For some of our services, we merely act as a data processor and process your personal data on our client’s instructions e.g. when we provide invoice services (Sales Ledger Services). For information on how your personal data is processed in relation to these services, please contact your agreement party.
We may process personal data about you in different ways and different situations, depending on if you are a representative of a client, customer, vendor or a job applicant. We may also process personal data about visitors to our website(s), depending on how you chose to interact with us. Regardless of situation, we promise to never sell, commercialize or use your personal data in violation of applicable data protection laws.
Intrum is an international company, with many different establishments in different countries. The Intrum entity processing your personal data will be responsible for the protection of your personal data (the data controller). You find information about our processing activities in local language on the webpages to the Intrum entity processing your personal data:
Austria
Belgium
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Intrum Global Business Services
Intrum Global Technologies
Please be aware that you will find the information relevant for your processing on the webpage relevant for you as a customer, job applicant or a current or potential client, vendor or have any other interaction with us.
If you are a current or potential client, vendor or have any other interaction with the Intrum Group you may find further information regarding our data processing under Privacy policy below.
If you wish to raise a complaint about how we handle your personal data, including in relation to any of your data subjects rights, or have any further questions on how we process your personal data you can contact our Data Protection Officer and we will investigate your concerns.
Data protection officer: GDPO@intrum.com
If you are not satisfied with our response, or believe we are processing your data unfairly or unlawfully, you can complain to the Data Inspectorate. You can find further information about the Data Inspectorate and their complaints procedure here: https://www.datainspektionen.se/in-english/
Intrum has a responsibility to ensure appropriate and proportionate security of the personal data we process. We must report any personal data breach to the supervisory authority unless the personal data breach is “unlikely to result in a risk for the rights and freedoms of individuals”. Where a personal data breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, we are also required to inform the data subject concerned, without undue delay.
Privacy policy
Why have we access to and process your data?
The processing of your company’s personal data is necessary for us to enter into and/or to fulfill the agreement we have with your company. We may also process personal data about visitors to our website(s) or physical locations, depending on how you choose to interact with us.
We will only process your personal data if we have legal grounds to do so. This means that the processing must be necessary for the performance of a contract to which you or the company you represent is party to, or is necessary to comply with your requests prior to entering into a contract with your company.
We have a legitimate interest to process your data in order to form and manage client and business relationships, for marketing purposes, and to ensure the safety of Intrum employees and assets. In accordance with our legitimate interests, we may also use your data to provide you with information about our services, performance updates, events and training which is likely to be of interest to you or to execute necessary or desired tasks expected by the business relationship you represent.
We have a legal obligation to provide your personal data when we are audited by the authorities and to prevent, monitor and evidence fraud, anti-money laundering and other criminal activities in order to comply with statutory legislation.
Your data will be held securely in compliance with data protection law.
What personal data are you processing about me and why?
We hold only the necessary information for the management of the contractual or business relationship. To be able to communicate with you we need your name, job title and contact details such as address, land line telephone number, mobile number and email address.
To be able to comply with our legal obligations related to e.g. anti-money laundering we may in certain circumstances require a copy of your passport or similar identification and related information.
For our employees’ security and to keep your personal data safeguarded we also use closed-circuit television surveillance cameras in several locations within our place of business. Unless we have legal obligations to keep the records we will delete them after a short period of time.
Depending on the nature of the assignment and the relevant country, we may ask a screening expert to determine whether there are any circumstances which would disqualify you or the company you represent from that assignment.
Unless otherwise agreed with you or is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will not include special categories of personal information (often known as ‘sensitive personal data’ such as data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, biometric data and the processing of data concerning health or sex life).
Will you share my personal data with others?
We may share your personal data with our suppliers that facilitate and/or provide parts of our services, e.g. print and mail services, legal representatives. We may also share your personal data with our clients if you are representing a vendor which is part of the services we provide to them and regulatory / governmental authorities.
Our employees will have access to the personal data. In such a case, access will be granted only if necessary for the purposes described and only if the employee is bound by an obligation of confidentiality.
Will my personal data be transferred to another country?
As we are part of the Intrum group, we may transfer your data to another country outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). If we do so, we will ensure there are suitable safeguards in place to comply with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Generally, your personal data will not be transferred outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). However, in cases of international debt collection, your personal data may be transferred to one of our representatives working in the relevant country. We also use third-party service providers to store or who may access your data, which may be located outside of the EEA, including, but not limited to the United States. We will never transfer your personal data outside of the EEA without ensuring the safety and protection of your personal data. Therefore, we make sure that any recipients have signed the EU Standard Model Clauses, to justify the transfer, or that the country can guarantee adequate protection under data protection law. We may disclose information outside of these groups to help prevent fraud, or if required to do so by law.
How long do you store my personal data?
We will retain your data as long as required for the lawful purpose for which it was obtained, as long as we have legitimate interest to keep it e.g. until termination of our agreement and to be able to defend ourselves against legal claims. We are also legally obliged to keep your personal data for a period of time to prevent and detect fraud, detect and evidence anti-money laundering and for financial audits.
As far as our backups are concerned, we will also delete your data in our backups, but only when the backup tape comes up for destruction, according to our backup policy. When the backup comes up for deletion as per our back up policy, we will fully delete your data.
Will I be subject to automated decision-making?
We will not use your personal data for automated decision-making and/or profiling.
What rights do I have?
It is important you understand that it is your personal data that we process and that we want you to be comfortable with us doing so.
Right to access
You may request information on how we process your personal data, including information on:
Why we process your personal data
What categories of personal data we process
Who we share your personal data with
How long we store your personal data or the criteria for determining this period
What rights you have
From where we have received your personal data (if we have not received it from you)
If the processing includes automatic decision making (so-called profiling)
If your personal data has been transferred to a country outside of the EEA, how we ensure the protection of your personal data.
All the above information is available in this Privacy Policy.
You may also request a copy of the personal data we process about you. However, additional copies will be combined with a fee.
Right to correction
It is important that we have the right information about you and we encourage you to let us know if any of your personal data is incorrect, e.g. if you or the company you represent have changed  name or moved address.
Right to be forgotten
If we process your personal data in an unlawful way, you may ask us to delete this information. Given the context of our agreement, it is however unlikely that we will delete your data.
Right to restriction
From the time you have requested we correct your personal data or if you have objected to the processing and until we have been able to investigate the issue or confirm the accuracy of your personal data (or changed it in accordance with your instructions), you are entitled to the restriction of processing. This means that we (except for storing the personal data) may process your personal data only in accordance with your consent, if necessary with reference to legal claims, to protect someone else's rights or if there is an important public interest in the processing.
You may also request that we restrict the processing of your personal data if the processing is unlawful but you do not want us to delete the personal data.
Given the context of our agreement, it is however unlikely that we will be able to comply with this right.
Right to objection
If you believe that we do not have the right to process your personal data, you may object to our processing. In such cases, we may continue processing only if we can show compelling justifying reasons that out-weigh your interests, rights and freedoms. However, we may always process your personal data if it is required for the determination, exercise or defense of legal claims. (Note that this only provides you with the right to raise your objections, not a blanket right to have any and all processing ceased). Given the context of our agreement, it is however unlikely that we will be able to comply with this right.
Withdrawal of consent
Intrum does not base its processing upon consent. However, given that some processing activities may be based on consent, you are in your right to withdraw it and we will (where our legitimate interest does not override this right) consequently stop the processing.
We will also notify others we may have shared your personal data with of your request(s).
How to complain about the use of your data or exercise my rights?
If you wish to raise a complaint about how we handle your personal data, including in relation to any of the rights outlined above, you can contact our
Data protection officer: GDPO@intrum.com
If you are not satisfied with our response, or believe we are processing your data unfairly or unlawfully, you can complain to the Data Inspectorate. You can find further information about the Data Inspectorate and their complaints procedure here: https://www.datainspektionen.se/in-english/
Cookie policy
We - Intrum AB (publ) - use cookies on this website (www.intrum.com)
Cookies are small files containing letters and numbers that are placed on your device (computer, handheld, etc.) when you visit a website. We use cookies to enable you to use this website and its functionalities. These cookies are strictly necessary if you want to use the website or a specific functionality. We also use cookies to optimize the performance of our website in order to enhance your website experience (performance cookies); and cookies to better understand our website visitors, allowing us to improve our website, products, services and marketing efforts (analysis cookies).
In accordance with the applicable law, we will only place performance and analysis cookies if you have allowed us to place our cookies by ticking the relevant box in the Cookie Information Message (initially) shown on our website. This message may reappear at intervals, for example when the relevant cookie (‘Cookie Settings’, see below) is rejected or removed.
You may disable cookies via your browser settings. Please be aware that this may likewise affect the strictly necessary cookies which are indispensable for the functioning of this website. Consequently, parts of the site may not function correctly if you disable (all) cookies. Furthermore without cookies our ability to enhance your website experience will be limited. For example, the Cookie Information Message will keep on appearing and language will have to be chosen repeatedly. Another option is to adjust your browser settings to alert you when cookies are being placed.
The website http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ provides useful general information on cookies.
Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
First Party
Host: www.intrum.comName: __RequestVerificationTokenDescription:This is an anti-forgery cookie set by web applications built using ASP.NET MVC technologies. It is designed to stop unauthorised posting of content to a website, known as Cross-Site Request Forgery. It holds no information about the user and is destroyed on closing the browser.Lifespan: Session
Host: www.intrum.comName: ASP.NET_SessionIdDescription: General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written with Microsoft .NET based technologies. Usually used to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.Lifespan: Session
Performance Cookies
First Party
Google (_ga; _gat; _gid)These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245)
Host: intrum.comName: _ga   Description: This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.Lifespan: 2 years
Host: intrum.comName: _gat_UA-118269715-25Description: This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.Lifespan: a few seconds
Host: intrum.comName: _gat_UA-118269715-1Description: This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.Lifespan: a few seconds
Host: intrum.comName: _gidDescription: This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. It stores and updates an unique value for each page visited.Lifespan: a day
Targeting Cookies
Third Party
Google (IDE; test_cookie)These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245)
Host: doubleclick.netName: IDEDescription: This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchangeLifespan: 2 years
Host: doubleclick.netName: test_cookieDescription: This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchangeLifespan: a few seconds
Host: doubleclick.netName: IDEDescription: This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchangeLifespan: a year
LinkedIn
Host: ads.linkedin.comName: lang  Description: This domain is owned by LinkedIn, the business networking platform. This sub-domain is connected with LinkedIn's marketing services that enable website owners to gain insight into types of users on their site based on LinkedIn profile data, to improve targeting.Lifespan: Session
Host: linkedin.comName: lissc, lifespan: a yearName: UserMatchHistory, lifespan: a monthName: bscookie, lifespan: 2 yearsName: bcookie, lifespan: 7980 yearsName: lang, lifespan: SessionName: lidc, lifespan: a dayDescription: This domain is owned by LinkedIn, the business networking platform. It typically acts as a third party host where website owners have placed one of its content sharing buttons in their pages, although its content and services can be embedded in other ways. Although such buttons add functionality to the website they are on, cookies are set regardless of whether or not the visitor has an active LinkedIn profile, or agreed to their terms and conditions. For this reason it is classified as a primarily tracking/targeting domain.
YouTube
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
How do I change my cookie settings?
Many web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.
GeneralThere could be other cookies than the above stated, and we may update this Cookie Policy from time to time.
ContactIntrum AB (publ)Sicklastråket 4SE-105 24 Stockholm, SwedenTel: + 46 (0)8 546 102 00GDPO@intrum.com
Text last updated: 2020-06-15
Terms & conditions
The information contained within this web site, and those of all Intrum companies linked hereto is provided purely for informational purposes regarding Intrum, its subsidiaries and partners and the services that they offer. It does not constitute an offer to sell any securities and must not be relied upon in connection with any investment decision.
Information on this web site is provided "as is" without warranty or term of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties or terms of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. All such implied terms and warranties are hereby excluded.
By accessing this web site you agree that Intrum will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of the information and material contained in this web site, or any other hyperlinked website, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
Other sites that may be listed or linked in this web site are not under the control of Intrum.  Accordingly, Intrum can make no representation concerning the content of these sites to you, nor can the fact that Intrum has given you this listing serve as an endorsement by Intrum of any of these sites. Intrum is providing links to these as a convenience to you.
Permission is granted to download and print materials from this web site for the purpose of viewing, reading, and retaining for reference. Any other copying, distribution, or modification of materials on this site, whether in electronic or hard copy form, without the express prior written permission from Intrum, is strictly prohibited.
There are inherent dangers in the use of any software found on the Internet, and Intrum cautions you to make sure that you completely understand the risk before retrieving any software on the Internet.
The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law.
Copyright © 2001-2013 Intrum AB All rights reserved. The copyright in the material contained in this web site belongs to Intrum AB, subsidiaries or its licensors.
Certain statements in the issued press releases are forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. In addition, words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "plans," "guidance" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements are based on Intrum's reasonable expectations at the time that they are made. However, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect and that may cause Intrum's actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements.
The risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may affect Intrum's performance include: the possibility that economic or other conditions might lead to a reduction in the demand for Intrum products and services worldwide. Intrum's ability to successfully implement its plan for growth, including the ability to achieve its financial flexibility objectives on terms and conditions contemplated by Intrum; changes in the CMS industry and markets, including changes in clients preferences for services/products; competitive pressures causing price reductions and/or loss of market share; risks associated with investments and operations in foreign countries, including foreign economic conditions, exchange rate fluctuations, regulatory environment, and cultural factors; Intrum's ability to successfully integrate recent and future acquisitions, alliances and investments; Intrum's ability to protect its proprietary information and technology; the potential loss of key business assets, including data center capacity, or interruption of telecommunication links or power sources; changes in the legislative, accounting, regulatory and commercial environments affecting Intrum's ability to collect, manage, aggregate and use data; Intrum's ability to attract and retain key employees; and the competitive implications that the conversion to the euro may have on Intrum's pricing and marketing strategies.
Intrum undertakes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.
Cookies When you visit our web site, we may send "cookies" to your computer. A cookie is a small text file or piece of data that a web site that you visit can place or save onto your computer. Cookies do not themselves contain any personally identifiable information. However, if you provide such personally identifiable information to us (such as by registering for an Internet related service or password provided by us), such information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. There are two types of cookies. One saves a file for a longer period of time onto your computer, and it can remain on your computer after you shut it off. Such cookie could, for example, be used to remember the visitors settings on her last visit to that web site. The second type of cookie is called "session cookie." While you are visiting a website, session cookies are temporarily stored in your computer's memory. Session cookies are not stored for a long period of time on your computer, since they disappear when you close your web browser. The Intrum web site does not use Session cookies.
How to avoid Cookies With most Internet browsers, you can set the browser to block cookies, erase cookies from your computer hard drive, or notify you that a web page contains cookies before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Please note that some of our web pages may not work properly without the use of cookies.
Personally identifiable information We will not collect your personally identifiable information without your knowledge and permission, nor will we sell or rent any such data. In order to provide you with a specific product, service, or information or to process a transaction, we may request your personally identifiable information. This information may for example include your name, title, shipping address, billing address, e-mail address, telephone numbers, and/or telefax numbers. Personally identifiable information is only collected when necessary to provide a product, service, or information, process a transaction, or if you submit it to us for other purposes, for instance if applying for employment.
loading...