https://www.spalding.com/customer-service/general-help/faqs.html
Skip to main content
External Link Warning
×
You are about to leave our site. Do you want to continue?
Go Back
Continue
Customer Service
FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions
How Can I Contact Spalding.com?
Feedback: Contact Us to send us comments or inquiries.
Phone: 1-800-772-5346 (M-F, 8-4:30 CST)
Address:
Spalding
PO Box 90015
Bowling Green, KY 42103-7932
Ordering
How can I check the status of my order?
When your order ships, you will receive a confirmation email with a tracking number. Some orders will ship in multiple boxes with their own individual tracking codes.
If you were logged in to your account when you made your purchase, then you can track your order by logging in to your account and visiting your order history or click here.
Can I edit my order once it is placed?
No, you cannot edit your order once it has been placed.
Can I cancel my order once it is placed?
Spalding will begin processing your order immediately upon receipt, therefore we are not able to cancel or change your order once it has been submitted.
Why are some items on Spalding.com not available for order?
Due to the size of some Spalding.com products, we are unable to place certain orders. We are working to have the full Spalding.com product selection available for order soon. In the meantime, please visit the where to buy page for a full list of retailers near you.
Payment
What payment methods do you accept?
Spalding.com accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, PayPal and Discover. We do not accept checks, cash or credit vouchers.
Do you sell gift cards?
Spalding does not offer gift cards at this time.
Shipping
How long will it take my order to arrive?
You can select shipping options on Spalding.com during check out. Orders placed Monday to Friday (excluding holidays) are shipped within 1-2 business days. Any orders placed over the weekend will ship on the next business day. See the table below for estimated shipping times and costs.
Shipping Method
Shipping Time
Rate
Standard
5-7 business days
$7.99
Express
2-3 business days
$18.00
Overnight
1-2 business days
$25.00
US Territories
10-14 business days
$7.99
* Price may vary depending on site promotions.
* With the basketball hoop systems that ship by LTL/Carrier, the delivery can take a little longer than 5-7 business days.
* Shipping times may vary during high volume order periods; see delivery method in checkout for accurate shipping times.
* Shipping to P.O. Boxes via SmartPost only.
* Spalding basketball hoop systems only ship within the continental United States, and do not ship to Alaska, Hawaii, the US Virgin Islands, or Guam.
Where can I ship my order?
Spalding.com does not ship to Alaska, Hawaii, the US Virgin Islands or Guam. Spalding.com only ships within the continental United States, and Spalding.com does not ship internationally.
Returns and Exchanges
Do you offer exchanges?
No, Spalding.com does not offer exchanges. If you need to exchange an item, please return your item using the returns form in the shipment, and place a new order.
What is your return policy?
Please click here to review our return policy.
How long do I have to return my purchase?
You may return items purchased from Spalding.com within 90 days of the original order date, unless the item is marked as non-refundable on the product page.
Will I be charged for the refund?
We offer Free returns on all items (expect for Basketball Systems) when you use the prepaid return shipping label that you print from Spalding.com.
All Basketball System returns will be charged the cost of return shipping plus a 15% restocking fee.
How will my refund be issued?
Refunds will be remitted in the same form as the original purchase. Please allow 14 business days for us to process your return and 1 to 2 billing cycles for the returns credit to show up on your credit card statement.
Where should I send my return?
Please send all returns to:
Spalding.Com Returns Center
264 7th Way
Alexander City, AL 35010
Product Registration
How can I register my basketball system?
To register your basketball system please complete the following product registration form.
Warranty Info and Claims
What is the warranty period on a SPALDING® basketball system?
The warranty periods vary depending on the model you purchased. See the warranty information page to learn more about our warranty program.
How do I claim a warranty for my Basketball System?
Please use the warranty claim form to claim your basketball system warranty.
NEVERFLAT® Basketball Claims
The warranty with respect to the inflation of the NEVERFLAT® basketball does not apply if the black valve cap is removed or if air is added or released using the inflation needle within one year after purchase. Other restrictions may apply. For further NEVERFLAT® basketball warranty details, please see the product packaging or contact Customer Service any time via our contact form or by calling 1-800-772-5346, M-F, 8am-4:30pm CST.
Product Manuals
If you are looking for a Spalding product manual, visit our online manual finder.
Catalog PDFs
To download Spalding and Diamond catalog PDFs, please visit here.
Replacement Parts
How can I fix my basketball goal or do I have to buy a new one?
You do not necessarily have to buy a new basketball goal. Call us at 1-800-558-5234  (M-F, 8am - 4:30pm CST) or fill out our contact form to order replacement parts for your basketball goal or to inquire about warranty coverage.
Does SPALDING® sell replacement parts and how can I order parts?
You can order replacement parts via our contact form or by calling our toll free number at 1-800-558-5234. Our hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM until 4:30 PM, CST
Can I order replacement parts online?
We do not have replacement parts online. To place a parts order, please contact our Customer Service team at 1-800-558-5234. Our hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM until 4:30 PM, CST
Can I place a P.O. and be billed for my parts?
We accept all major credit cards or you can mail a check. We cannot create a purchase order and bill you for the parts order.
Will someone need to be home to receive a parts shipment?
SPALDING® parts orders are shipped via FedEx and there is no signature service attached. FedEx will leave your package at your door if you are not home at the time of delivery.
Do retailers carry replacement parts?
Retailers that carry our products sell full systems. Please contact SPALDING® Customer Service at 1-800-558-5234 for replacement parts. Our hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM until 4:30 PM, CST
Sponsorships and Donations
How do I apply for a sponsorship or donation?
Due to the high volume of requests we receive, we require all submissions be routed through an online process. By submitting your request online, we are able to evaluate your request and respond with a decision in a timely manner. Please note that we no longer accept requests via email, fax, or phone.
General Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Spalding MVP
Product FAQs
Product Registration
Warranty Information
Warranty Claim
Returns
Check Your Order
State Adoptions
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
DMCA Statement Page
Terms & Conditions
U-Design Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Info
Manuals Page
Catalog PDFs Download Page
Need Help?
If you have any questions, you may contact us to assist you.
Customer Service
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-772-5346
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
Spalding Equipment Customer Service
Have questions on our professional arena and gymnasium equipment? We got you covered.
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-435-3865
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
×
SYSTEM MANUAL FINDER
Select System Type
System Manual Finder
COMBO
Can be mounted to an existing system, pole or roof
Select
PORTABLE
Can be moved for convenience and storage
Select
IN-GROUND
Remains stationary for maximum stability
Select
Select
Portable System
Enter 2 Digit Number
The model number for portable systems will consist of two (2) sets of numbers that will need to be combined. Below are instructions on where to locate these numbers and how to combine them. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 1: The first set of numbers will be a two (2) digit number located on the base. This two (2) digit number will be located near the fill hole where you put the water or sand.
Some System
Enter 3 Digit Number
There is a three (3) digit number on the front of the backboard, to the right of the rim. This set of numbers will identify your system. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 2: The second set of numbers will be a three (3) digit number located on the front of your backboard, to the right of the rim.
Search Results
Previous Step
Next
Start Over
Sign up for Spalding MVP to get 15% off anything on Spalding.com
No Thanks
Sign Up
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Remove Product?
×
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?
Cancel
Yes
Address Correction
We found a more accurate version of the address you entered. Using this one will prevent shipping delays and ensure your shipment is delivered to the correct address.