http://www.traderslaboratory.com/forums/terms/
Jump to content
Search In
Everywhere
More options...
Find results that contain...
Any of my search term words
All of my search term words
Find results in...
Content titles and body
Content titles only
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Welcome to the new Traders Laboratory! Please bear with us as we finish the migration over the next few days. If you find any issues, want to leave feedback, get in touch with us, or offer suggestions please post to the Support forum here.
Registration Terms
Please remember that we are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message.
The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this website. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this website to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law.
You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this website.
Our software uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a personalized experience when you browse this site
Terms of Use
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of our Online Service. By using the website you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at this website. Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgment and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended. 1. Access to This Site You must be eighteen (18) years or older to access this website. If you are under eighteen years of age, you are not permitted to access this web site for any reason. Due to the age restrictions for use of this web site, no information obtained by this web site, falls within the child online privacy act (COPA) and is not monitored as doing so. 2. Hyperlinks A number of hyperlinks to other Internet sites and resources are provided at various locations on this Web Site. Use of any of these hyperlinks is at your own risk; the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, and other links provided by such other sites and resources have not been investigated, verified, monitored, or endorsed by Traders Laboratory LLC. 3. Proprietary Rights Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in all pages of this Web Site, including the design, layout, graphics and other design elements, and in the information and material contained in and on this Web Site, is owned by Traders Laboratory LLC. 4. Submissions All information submitted to Traders Laboratory LLC through this site via email, posting or uploading to discussion groups, bulletin boards, forums or other communications areas of this Web Site shall be deemed and remain the property of Traders Laboratory LLC and Traders Laboratory LLC shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such submitted information. Traders Laboratory LLC shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding such submitted information except as specifically agreed or required by law. Traders Laboratory LLC will treat any personal information submitted through this site in accordance with its Privacy Policy as set forth on this site. 5. No Advice The information and material provided on this Web Site should not in any manner whatsoever be regarded or relied upon as the provision of legal, financial, investment, accounting, business or any other form of professional or other advice, and is not intended to be used as a substitute for specific legal, financial or investment advice. Many factors may affect the applicability of any statement, comment, document or other information available on this Web Site. You should not act upon the information published on this Web Site without first consulting a professional advisor with respect to your specific situation. 6. Disclaimer of Warranties Traders Laboratory LLC cannot and does not guarantee of warrant that files available for downloading from the site will be free of virus, worms, Trojan horses or other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and security to obtain the accuracy of data input and output. Traders Laboratory does not assume responsibility for any lost data or risk of your use of the site or the internet. Your use of this site is at your own risk. This Web Site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information and material contained in this site is provided by Traders Laboratory LLC on an as is and on an as available basis. Neither Traders Laboratory LLC nor its suppliers warrant the quality, accuracy, reliability, adequacy or completeness of any of such information and material, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors or omissions in such information and material. Traders Laboratory LLC shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. Traders Laboratory LLC disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable. 7. Limitation of Liability Traders Laboratory LLC SHALL NOT be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular Traders Laboratory shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue OR INCOME, LOSS OF USE, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it. iN NO EVET WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF Traders Laboratory AND ITS SUBSIDARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS BE HELD RESPONSIBLE whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if Traders Laboratory LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE. 8. Indemnification You agree to indemnify and hold Traders Laboratory LLC, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, directors, contractors, licensors, content providers, service providers, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including resulting losses or damages, costs, expenses, suits, and attorney fees, arising out of your violation of the Terms of Use, or your use of any services provided by Traders Laboratory LLC. 9. Subscription Agreement There are two levels of subscription packages. Traders Laboratory LLC will not refund any subscription package purchases. 10. Limited User License No user or subscriber of this site is allowed to copy, sell, license, modify, distribute, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, and create any of the materials or site content unless authorized. 11. Modifications and Interruption to Service Traders Laboratory LLC reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice. Traders Laboratory LLC shall not be liable to you or any third party should Traders Laboratory exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. By using this website you acknowledge and accept that Traders Laboratory LLC does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control. 12. Third Party Sites Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties? sites. 13. Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources. While Traders Laboratory LLC makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website. Traders Laboratory LLC makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk. 14. Compliance with Law Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation. 15. Copyright and Trademark Information All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2006-2009 TradersLaboratory.com, with all rights reserved, or is the property of Traders Laboratory LLC and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Traders Laboratory LLC is strictly prohibited. Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Traders Laboratory LLC. 16. Other Terms If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent. You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Traders Laboratory LLC, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition. This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Member. Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement.
Hypothetical Performance Disclaimer: "Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading, for example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results." U.S. Government Required Disclaimer - Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Futures and options trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in the futures and options markets. Don't trade with money you can't afford to lose. This website is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy/Sell futures or options. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this website. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results. CFTC RULE 4.41 - Hypothetical or simulated performance results have certain inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record, simulated results do not represent actual trading. Also, since the trades have not actually been executed, the results may have under- or over-compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity. Simulated trading programs in general are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Trading in the commodities markets involves high risks and YOU CAN LOSE A LOT OF MONEY. Only use risk capital for trading the markets. For Educational, Informational, and Entertainment Use ONLY All material published on this site are provided for educational, informational, and entertainment purposes only. Any trades placed upon reliance on our service are taken at your own risk for your own account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. While there is great potential for reward when trading commodity futures, there is also substantial risk of loss in all commodity futures trading. You should only use risk capital that you can afford to lose. You must decide your own suitability to trade. Future trading results can never be guaranteed. This is not an offer to buy or sell futures, options or commodity interests. We at Traders Laboratory LLC are not Financial Advisers or Registered Analysts. All comments, videos, tutorials, and posts made on this site by Traders Laboratory are for educational, informational, and entertainment purposes only and under no circumstances should be used for actual trading. All services provided by Traders Laboratory LLC are posted to help members learn our trading methods which may or may not fit your trading style. We are providing a service to educate members using video tutorials and text. We are not a financial advisory service. By reading this you hereby agree that you will not make actual trades based on any information provided on this site. Traders Laboratory LLC or its employees and associates are not responsible for any loss or profit. You assume all risk and costs associated with any trading you choose to take. Traders Laboratory LLC will not be held responsible for any loss, financial or otherwise, as a result of using this service. This Web Site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information and materials contained in this site, including all text, graphics, videos, inks and other materials, are provided as is, without warranty or condition of any kind. Neither Traders Laboratory LCC nor its suppliers warrant the quality, accuracy, reliability, adequacy or completeness of any of such information and material, and expressly disclaims any liability for errors or omissions in such information and material. YOU AGREE THAT, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRADERS LABORATORY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGES UNDER ANY AND ALL THEORIES (INCLUDING CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE CONTENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY TRADERS LABORATORY CONTENT OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT, THE SITE, YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR ANY DECISION OR ACTION YOU MAKE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE. YOU AGREE THAT, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY, IF ANY, THAT TRADERS LABORATORY MAY OWE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE SITE, AND YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT, SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE OR THEORY OF LAW OR RECOVERY, EXCEED $100. YOUR ONLY OTHER REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, SITE RELATED SERVICES OR CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE AND THE SERVICES OFFERED OR PROVIDED AND TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. All downloads and purchases made from Traders Laboratory LLC can not be resold, rented, and leased in any manner. All sales are final for all services and products provided by Traders Laboratory LLC. All services and products are delivered electronically. We do not issue credits, partial or full refunds. You agree to indemnify and hold Traders Laboratory LLC, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, directors, contractors, licensors, content providers, service providers, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including resulting losses or damages, costs, expenses, suits, and attorney fees, from your use of any services and products provided by Traders Laboratory LLC.
All Activity
Home
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Forums
Activity
Back
Activity
All Activity
Search
Browse
Back
Browse
Leaderboard
Calendar
Articles
Guidelines
×
Create New...
Important Information
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Use.
I accept