http://www.shelvingoptions.net/privacypolicy.html
Home
Products
Services
About Us
Contact Us
Projects
Design
Our People
Vendors
Markets
Used High Density Mobile Storage
Systems
Education Guide
Browse
L&T 4 Post Shelving
Shelf Files
Stackable Shelving
Rotary File
Lateral Track
File Vault
Mechanical Mobile
Electrical Mobile
Planning Guide
Carousel Files
Cabinet Systems
Tambour Cabinets
Ergonomic Desk Accessories
Modular Millwork
RFID File Tracking Software
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. We do not sell, rent, or loan any personal information (any information from which you can be identified) regarding our users to anyone outside of Shelving Options. Any information you give us is treated with care, subject to this Privacy Policy, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.
Information Submitted to Us
When you submit information to us, for example, by using the form on the Contact Us page, or one of the e-mail links provided on our site, we will attempt to respond to your request.
Our Commitment to Data Security
We use reasonable industry standard technology to keep information that you submit to us secure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot vouch for the security of any information transmitted to us and you do so at your own risk.
Your Consent
We value your privacy. However, at all times we reserve the right to disclose information where required by law; to comply with valid legal processes such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order; to protect our rights and property.
By using this site, you agree that we may collect and use information for the purposes for which the information was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not access this site.
Quick Quote
Use our cart to:
Request a quote
Place an order
Obtain more info
Want our free printed Buyer's Guide?
Click here to contact us and request your free book - over 200 pages of products and solutions that can save you time and space.
Questions?
We can help youCall 800-822-4127
Want a FREE space analysis or on-site consultation?
Click here to contact us.
Bookmark this page
Member of:
Shelving Options
Houston, Tx
Texas 77064
Phone: 800-822-4127
Fax: 866-832-1057
Privacy Statement -
Terms and Conditions -
Directory Site -
Industry Links -
© Copyright 2006