http://www.mollart.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY/NOTICE FOR MOLLART ENGINEERING LIMITED
This policy was last updated May 2018
MOLLART ENGINEERING LIMITED (‘Mollart’, ‘we’, ‘us’, and ‘our’) take data protection very seriously and we are committed to protecting your personal information.
This explains what information we gather about you, what we use that information for, and who we give that information to. It also sets out your rights in relation to your information, how long we keep it and who you can contact for more information.
It is our policy to collect only the minimum information required from you. If you believe we have collected excessive information about you, please contact us (see below) to raise any concerns you may have.
Although you do not have to provide any of your personal information to us, if we ask you to do so and you refuse, we may be unable to provide you with the information, goods or services you want from us.
What is personal information?
Personal information is anything that enables you to be identified or identifiable, such as your:• First and last names• Postal and email addresses• Telephone numbers• Identity documents (e.g. passports & driving licence)• Identity numbers (e.g. National Insurance and Bank accounts)• Career & educational documents (e.g. CVs & qualifications)• Contact informationYour personal information is sometimes called “personal data”. We collectively refer to handling, collecting, protecting or storing your personal information as ‘processing’.
Collecting personal information
Below are just some examples of how you may provide personal information to us:
• Asking us to provide products to you • Contacting us • Searching and browsing our website• Submitting CVs or work history information to us• Providing us with business cards or other contact information
Using personal information
When you provide personal information to us, we may use it for any of the purposes described below or as stated at the point we collect it from you (or as may obvious to you from the context of collection), including:
1. To provide products that you have requested2. To develop our businesses and services3. To consider whether to offer someone employment with us4. To administer and manage our website5. Any other purposes for which personal information has been provided to us, including any of the purposes given in the ‘Collection of personal information’ section above
We do not collect personally identifying information for sale to third parties.
Legal grounds for processing personal information
We rely on one or more of the following processing conditions:
• To perform our contractual obligations to you; and/or• To satisfy any legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject; and/or• To satisfy our legitimate interests in the effective delivery of information and services to you and in the effective and lawful operation of our businesses (where this does not interfere with your rights); and/or• When you have agreed to us processing your personal information.
Security of personal information
We have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction.
Only authorised persons are provided access to personally identifiable information we have collected, and such individuals have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of this information.
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your personal data, the transmission of data over the internet (including by e-mail) is never completely secure.
We endeavour to protect personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to or by us.
Sharing personal information We may transfer, share or disclose the personal data we collect from you to third parties (other organisations or individuals) for:
• The purposes for which the information has been submitted• The purposes listed above under ‘Use of personal information’• The administration and maintenance of our website and/or • Other internal or administrative purposes
We also may transfer share or disclose personal data to third party service providers of identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis, data backup, security and storage services.
These third party providers may use their own third party subcontractors that have access to personal data (sub-processors). It is our policy to use only third party providers that are bound to maintain appropriate levels of security and confidentiality, to process personal information only as instructed by us, and to flow those same obligations down to their sub-processors.
Other disclosures
We may also disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
• When explicitly requested by you• When required to deliver products requested by you• As otherwise set out in this privacy policy.
We may also disclose your personal information to law enforcement and other government agencies and to third parties, as required by and/or in accordance with applicable law.
The third parties we may transfer share or disclose the personal data we collect from you to are: • Third party outsourced IT providers where we have an appropriate processing agreement (or similar protections) in place.• Third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf (including external consultants, business associates and professional advisers such as lawyers, auditors and accountants, technical support functions and IT consultants carrying out testing and development work on our business technology systems);• Tax, audit, or other authorities, when we believe in good faith that the law or other regulation requires us to share this data (for example, because of a request by a tax authority or in connection with any anticipated litigation);
International transfers of personal information
We do not send personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), but if a situation arose where this was to occur ,where we collect your personal information within the EEA, any transfer to outside the EEA will be only:• To you• To a recipient located in a country which provides an adequate level of protection for your personal information; or• Under a contractual agreement which satisfies EU requirements for the transfer of personal data outside the EEA
Retention of personal information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as we need it, given the purposes for which it was collected, or as required to do so by law.
Normally, this means we will retain your personal information for seven years. For more information please contact us to request a copy of our retention policy.
Marketing
Where we are legally required to obtain your consent to provide you with marketing materials, we will only provide you with such marketing materials if you have provided consent for us to do so.
Rights in relation to your information
You have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you. In particular, you have the right to:
• Request a copy of personal information we hold about you;• Ask that we update the personal information we hold about you, or correct such personal information that you think is incorrect or incomplete;• Ask that we delete personal information that we hold about you, or restrict the way in which we use such personal information;• Object to our processing of your personal information; and/or• Withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information (to the extent such processing is based on consent and consent is the only permissible basis for processing).
If you would like to exercise these rights or understand if these rights apply to you, please contact us (see below).
Automated decision making
We will not use your personal information for automated decision making or profiling.
Our Website
Our Website may link to third-party sites not controlled by us and which do not operate under our privacy practices. When you link to third-party sites, our privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage you to review each third-party site's privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
We do not intend to collect special category (also known as sensitive) personal information through our website (unless we are legally required to do so). Examples of special category information are: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health; genetic data; biometric data; sexual life or sexual orientation; and criminal records.
We ask that you do not provide us with special category personal information when using our website.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we may transfer to your computer through your browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. Our cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is.
The two types of cookie that may be used during your visit to our website:
• Session cookies that are deleted after each visit.• Persistent cookies are valid across visits by registered users and, for example, are used to avoid the need to tell us your name once logged in at the start of each visit.
Some of the cookies are essential in order for you to use the website:• PHPSESSID - Internal cookie used by PHP language which supports the fact you are logged into a system as a certain user. This is used by the website’s membership functionality. It does not gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet. It tracks the current session ID and values between pages, allowing you to navigate the site and use its features.
The following cookies are essential for us to continue to measure and improve our website:• _ga – This cookie is used to distinguish users. (Google Analytics)• _gid – This cookie is used to distinguish users. (Google Analytics)• _gat – This cookie is used to throttle the request rate. (Google Analytics)
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. The cookie notice is in place for 30 days and saves a message to let us know that you’ve already seen our cookie notice.
Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Whilst we do not currently do so, we reserve the right in future to match information gathered from cookies with any information you have given us about yourself for the purposes explained in this Privacy Policy.
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website. For example, we cannot tell if you are signed in without using cookies.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. In order to understand these setttings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details.
• Cookie settings in Internet Explorer• Cookie settings in Firefox• Cookie settings in Chrome• Cookie settings in Safari
Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about the way your personal information is processed by us, or would like to exercise one of your rights set out above, please contact us by one of the following means:
Form: www.mollart.com/contact
Chessington, Surrey                               Email: info@mollart.co.uk                                Tel: +44 (0)208 391 2282                               Post: 106, Roebuck Road, Chessington Surrey KT9 1EU
Resolven, Wales                               Email: resolven@mollart.co.uk                                Tel: +44 (0)1639 711144                               Post: Neath Vale Supplier Park, Resolven, Neath SA11 4SR
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection regulator, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner Office (ICO). The ICO can be contacted by the following means:
Form: www.ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Telephone: +44 (0)303 123 1113 (local rate – calls to this number cost the same as calls to 01 or 02 numbers). Post: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
We may update this Privacy notice at any time by publishing an updated version here. So that you know when we make changes to this Privacy statement, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page. The new modified or amended Privacy notice will apply from that revision date. Therefore, we encourage you to review this Privacy notice periodically to be informed about how we are protecting your information.
Cookies help us deliver you the best experience possible. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more
Dismiss