http://www.duracoinc.com/privacy-policy
Remo One®
Remo One Plus®
Duraco High Bond®
DublKote®
4581®
Duraco Red®
Duraco Hook & Loop®
Customize
Why Duraco
Markets Served
Point-of-Purchase
Transit Packaging
Appliance
Truck and Trailer
Windows and Doors
HVAC
Architectural Signage
Exhibit
Electrical Enclosures
Capabilities
Get Ideas
Customer Support
Sign In
|
Register
My Cart
Why Duraco
Markets Served
Capabilities
Get Ideas
Customer Support
Sign In
|
Register
Explore Products
Customize
Product Types
Brands
Foam Tapes
Film Tapes
Hook and Loop®
Weather Stripping/Gaskets
Tissue Tapes
Transfer Tapes
Magnetic Products
Components
Twin Stick®
The industry favorite
Permanent foam tape for assembling displays and signage.
Explore
Remo One®
Reliable hold
Double-sided adhesive, removable one side, permanent on the other.
Explore
Remo One Plus®
4x stronger
Double-sided adhesive, removable one side, permanent on the other.
Explore
Duraco High Bond®
Heavy-duty power
A film tape available in many styles for your application
Explore
Dubl Kote®
When versatility matters
Double-sided foam tape for hand or automatic application.
Explore
4581®
Strength re-engineered
A film tape available in many styles for your application.
Explore
Duraco Red®
For hard-to-stick applications
Clear, high-performance tape for wide application needs.
Explore
Duraco Hook & Loop®
Change graphics with ease
Strong adhesive with high initial tack.
Explore
Not Sure? Try our product selector.
Help Me
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Last Updated April 2020
DURACO SPECIALTY TAPES LLC PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for choosing to do business with Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC (“Duraco” or “Company” or “we” or “us”) and visiting http://www.Duraco.com (the “Website” or “Site”). We take your information and data privacy seriously. This Website collects certain data from users (“Personal Data”) that helps us deliver services, improve website functionality, and may be used to identify or contact a specific person. Our Privacy Policy summarizes what personal information we may collect, how we may use that personal information, and other key topics regarding your privacy and data protection. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or data protection practices, please contact us at sales@duraco.com.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. When using and submitting data on our Site, you are consenting to the collection and processing of your data as described in this Privacy Policy. By using the services provided on the Site, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service and consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have not done so already, please review our Terms of Service.
1. Types of Data Collected. Duraco collects personal information provided by you, information gathered automatically from your use of the Website, information generated from cookies and other technologies, and information related to advertising or analytics. Specific examples of the types and categories of data collected through your use of the Website include: first name; last name; phone number; company name; address; email address; cookies; usage data; product purchase information; usernames and passwords. Duraco may also collect any comments, questions, requests and orders you may make through any forms or contact mechanisms on the Website. For operation and maintenance purposes, Duraco and any third-party services may collect information that records interactions with this Website, such as system logs, IP addresses, MAC addresses, or other Personal Data for this purpose. Duraco may also collect technical information regarding your use of the Website, such as browser or device type, operating system, and other technical identifiers. Duraco collects this information automatically from your use of the Website using cookies and other similar technologies.
2. Cookies and Similar Technologies.  Cookies are small computer files of information transferred to your device when visiting a website that contain data about your computer, such as a username, settings, browser history, or activities conducted while using the Site. Cookies help ensure your experience on our Site is a good one by helping save preferences, login information, and providing personalized features. Duraco uses cookies that are often referred to as strictly necessary because of the basic functionality they provide. You can always opt to prevent these cookies from interacting with your device through your browser settings. Other cookies in use will help our Site remember certain interactions and make returning to our Website more convenient. In addition to cookies, we may also use technologies such as Google Analytics in order to gather information regarding ad campaigns, browsing activity, and general use of the services of our Site.
3. Advertising and Analytics.  There are several third-party analytics programs that Duraco uses to better understand user engagement and technical insights of the Site. If you would like additional information on these services, please use the following link for more information on Google’s collection of data when visiting partner’s websites:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
4. How Duraco Uses Personal Data. Duraco uses Personal Data in order to enhance your experience with the Duraco Site and better improve our products and services. For example, if you request a catalog from our site or purchase an item, we will collect different types of data from you in order to help deliver the item, provide a receipt, or ask for more information about your experience using the Website. Some information may be automatically gathered which will help us detect fraudulent activity. In addition to using Personal Data for any use consistent with the context for which the information was collected with your consent, Duraco may use your Personal Data to do the following:
a. Third Party Relationships. Use of Personal Data under this section include: (i) delivering services to you or a third-party business partner; (ii) enhancing your Site experience by providing product information to you; or (iii) fulfilling contractual obligations and relationships with third-party business partners.
b. Communication. This may include: (i) informing customers and partners of Duraco about products, services, promotional events, and general marketing; (ii) responding to inquiries generated by the Site; or (iii) generating survey, marketing or advertising correspondence that invite participation.
c. Site Development and Improvement. Duraco may use Personal Data to: (i) tailor your Site experience to your preferences or improve usability; (ii) ensure technical security; and (iii) improve the Site or develop new websites or applications.
d. Legal Issues. Duraco may have to use Personal Data to: (i) comply with certain obligations in retaining records for certain periods; (ii) establish or defend legal claims; (iii) comply with laws, regulations, or court orders; or (iv) prevent fraud, intellectual property infringement, violation of legal principles, or misuse of the Site.
5. Sharing Personal Data. Information that has been sufficiently anonymized or aggregated may be shared within Duraco or with third parties for any purpose. Anonymized or aggregated information will not identify you individually. We may also share Personal Data with affiliated entities, third parties, or other groups necessary to carry out our business or comply with a legal obligation. Duraco may share certain information in situations such as the following:
a. Duraco Subsidiaries. We may share Personal Data with other Duraco entities. Any Duraco entity given access to Personal Data will handle such data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and any relevant data protection laws in such entity’s jurisdiction.
b. Hired Parties. Duraco may hire third parties to perform certain services for us. Some Personal Data may be shared in order for these third parties to perform these services on Duraco’s behalf.
c. Legal. Duraco may share Personal Data with third parties when there is a good faith belief that disclosure is required to: comply with certain obligations in retaining records for certain periods; (ii) establish or defend legal claims; (iii) comply with laws, regulations, or court orders; or (iv) prevent fraud, intellectual property infringement, violation of legal principles, or misuse of the Site. Duraco may also share Personal Data in the event of a sale, purchase, merger, or dissolution of Duraco, which will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
d. Consent. Duraco may share Personal Data with your permission or consent.
Duraco is not responsible for, and this policy does not address, the privacy practices or policies of any third parties or companies such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Adobe, or any other company, social media platform, operating system developer, or wireless or telecommunications service provider. The inclusion of a link on our services does not imply any endorsements of the linked sites or services by us and you assume any risks associated with visiting such sites and services.
6. Security. Duraco takes reasonable steps to ensure Personal Data is secure. We take appropriate measures, via third-party service providers or otherwise, to provide sufficient protection of Personal Data that is disclosed or transferred. We also maintain reasonable safeguards to help protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information against unauthorized disclosure, misuse, or alteration. This cannot be guaranteed, and we will not be responsible for breaches of security beyond our reasonable control.
7. Data Retention. The amount of time Duraco keeps and retains Personal Data will vary depending on the purpose and use of the information collected. Generally, Duraco will retain Personal Data for as long as needed to provide services to you. Certain legal requirements dictate specific amounts of time for certain information to be retained. In other situations, we will retain Personal Data for no longer than necessary for the purposes of which the Personal Data was collected. For example, information provided by you in creating an online account with our Site will be retained for as long as your account is kept open.
8. Children. Duraco does not willingly collect any information from children under the age of 13, or the relevant minimum age under applicable local legal requirements, except as permitted under applicable law. Our Site is not targeted to or intended for use by children.
9. Do Not Track (“DNT”) Requests. This Website does not support “Do Not Track” requests because there is no common agreement on how to interpret DNT requests.
10. Changes to the Privacy Policy. Any changes made to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site along with any accompanying information to supplement such changes. Duraco reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Modifications will apply only to Personal Data collected after the posting of any updates or versions.
11. Information for California Residents. Verified California residents have certain rights granted by California law. Pursuant to The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California residents have the following rights as they pertain to the collection and handling of Personal Data: a right to access, to information, and to deletion of information. Duraco has not within the last twelve (12) months and does not currently sell personal information about its customers who reside in California. Duraco collects certain online, commercial, and technological identifiers during your use of the Site. We also collect information about you such as (i) direct identifiers, for example your contact information; (ii) personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, for example your payment details; (iii) protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, for example demographics; (iv) internet or similar network activity, for example your Site use activity, device information and other information as set forth herein.
We collect this information from the following sources: (i) directly from you, for example from forms you fill out or information you provide when placing an order; (ii) indirectly from you, for example from observing your interactions with our Site or other automated collection technology as described herein; and (iii) from third-party sources that provide your website behavior and demographic information such as Google Analytics and Wufoo.
We collect this information for business purposes and in order to provide you with the products and services you request. If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide you with these products or services.
a. Verified Requests. If you are a verified California resident and make any request to exercise your rights, Duraco will respond within 45 days to your request. This timeframe may be expanded by Duraco for an additional 45 days, with such extension being sent to you before the expiration of the initial 45 days. In order to exercise any rights as a California resident, please e-mail such requests to sales@duraco.com or call us at 866-800-0775.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please complete the following form, CCPA Form, or provide us with a power of attorney or other legally binding written document signed by you and identifying your agent. We may also verify the identity of your designated agent.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include authenticating your identity through your Website account or requesting supporting documentation that verify your identity. You must also describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
b. Right to Access. You have a right to inquire as to the categories and specific details of Personal Data collected and retained about you. This information may be delivered to you electronically in a portable and readily usable electronic format or through mail, at our option.
c. Right to Deletion. You have a right to request that Duraco delete your Personal Data that has been collected or retained. This right is subject to certain limitations, such as needing to (i) correct any errors on our Site; (ii) detect, prevent, or protect against security incidents or fraudulent activity; (iii) exercise a legal right or ensure another individual can exercise their legal right; (iv) comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act; (v) use the Personal Data solely for internal uses that are aligned with expectations based on your experiences and expectations of Duraco; (vi) comply with legal needs or obligations; or (vii) comply with internal uses that are lawful and necessary and within the context in which Duraco obtained such information.
d. Right to Information. You have a right to request that Duraco provide certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past twelve (12) months. This request can include the following: (i) specific categories of Personal Data that has been collected about you within the 12 months preceding the request and specific pieces of that personal information; (ii) categories of sources where the collected information came from; (iii) the business or commercial purposes for collecting or retaining such information; (iv) any categories of third parties who the Personal Data was shared with; (v) any categories of Personal Data that Duraco has sold that are about you and the categories of the entities to whom Duraco sold each category of Personal Data, and (vi) any categories of Personal Data that Duraco has disclosed about you for a business purpose.
e. Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
f. Other California Privacy Rights. California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send a message using a contact method below.
Questions Regarding Our Privacy Policy
Should you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or use of Personal Data, please contact us by clicking this link: contact us, e-mail us at sales@duraco.com, or write to us at:
Duraco Speciality Tapes LLC7400 Industrial DriveForest Park, IL 60130United States
×
OK