http://www.rselectronics.com/privacy
Log In
or
Register
Contact
CBC Sales
Phone:
1-866-600-6040
Email:
sales@carltonbates.com
Menu
Search
Cart
$0.00
Search
Cart
$0.00
Log In
Back
or
Register an Account
Shop
Products
Back
View All Categories
Manufacturers
Back
View All Manufacturers
More
Services
Back
Assembled Solutions
Consultative Approach
eProcurement
Global Account Management
Inventory Management
Lean Solutions
My Account Management
System Integrators
WESCO Value Creation
Markets We Serve
Resources
Back
Branch Locator
Catalog
FAQ
Line Card
Stay Informed
Success Stories
Product Technical Support
Videos
Contact
Back
CBC Sales
Phone:
1-866-600-6040
Email:
sales@carltonbates.com
Branch Locator
Help
Catalog
Privacy Policy and Terms of Access WESCO Distribution, Inc. ("WESCO") is a leading global provider of supply chain solutions. This
Privacy Policy and Terms of Access (this "Policy") applies to any of our (or our affiliates')
websites, computer applications or mobile applications that link to this Policy (collectively,
the "Services"). The terms "we," "us" and "our" refer to WESCO and its affiliates. By using the
Services - even if you do not make a purchase - you agree to this Policy as part of a legal
agreement between you and WESCO. Your privacy and trust are important to us. This Policy includes information on how WESCO
handles personal information. WESCO recognizes that the proper treatment of personal information
will maintain confidence in our organization and will provide for successful business
operations. Protecting the confidentiality and integrity of personal information is a critical
responsibility that WESCO takes seriously at all times. [WESCO's data privacy practices described in this Policy apply to customer and supplier
information WESCO collects in the United States and via the Services.] Information We Collect We gather information about you from various sources:
Information you give us, such as during transactions, customer service processes, registering
on our website or requests for information Information automatically collected via our website, such as through cookies Information from various sources, such as publicly accessible information
When you use the Services, we collect certain information, either actively or passively.
Passively-collected information typically includes your IP address, browser type and browser
configuration. It may also include additional information, depending on your browser's settings.
We use cookies, which are unique text files stored on your computer or mobile device. Our
cookies help us recognize you as a repeat visitor and help you browse our websites and use other
aspects of the Services more efficiently. They also allow us to understand your browsing
activity so that we can develop statistical information to help us improve the Services. You can
configure your computer or mobile device to reject or delete cookies. We also actively collect
information you give us, depending on how you are using the Services. For example, when you
request a catalog, we collect your shipping information so we can send you the catalog. When you
place an order, we collect your payment and shipping information so that we can process your
order. If you ask us a question or request support, we collect the information you provide so
that we can answer your question, provide support or follow up with you. If you establish an
account with us, we also collect information you submit during the registration process. At
times we conduct online surveys to better understand the needs and interests of our customers
and other visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will describe how we may use the information
you choose to provide to us. We may have collected similar information from you in the past
during previous transactions. We will use that historic information in accordance with this
Policy. By using the Services, you are consenting to our continued use of any such information. How We Use and Share Personal Information We process personal information in order to provide the Services to you or your organization and
perform our obligations under this Policy, our Terms and Conditions of Sale or other contract
between you or your organization and WESCO. We also process personal information for other,
business-related purposes in which we have legitimate interests or with your consent (which you
may withdraw at any time). These include:
Account setup: We use personal information, such as your name, email address, and phone
number, to set up and administer your account, provide technical and customer support, verify
your identity, and send important account information. Orders: We use personal information to fulfill your order requests. Marketing and events: We use personal information to deliver marketing and event
communications to you across various platforms, such as email, telephone, direct mail, and
online. You can elect not to receive such communications. Legal obligations: We may be required to use and retain personal information for legal
and compliance reasons, such as the prevention, detection, or investigation of a crime; loss
prevention; or fraud. We may also use personal information to meet our internal and external
audit requirements, information security purposes, and as we otherwise believe to be necessary
or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of
residence; (b) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory
agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include such authorities
outside your country of residence; (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (d) to protect
our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or those of other persons.
How We Share Personal Information We are not in the business of selling, renting or sharing your information to non-affiliated
third parties, except as described in this Policy. We may share such information with any of our
affiliates or subsidiaries. We may also share applicable information with third-party service
providers that perform services on our behalf or when required by law. For example, we may
provide your shipping information to a carrier to fulfill your order. We may provide your
payment information to a merchant-services vendor to process your payment. If you request
information about a particular product or service provided by a third party, we may share
information about you or your request with that third party in order to satisfy your request. In
some cases, you may be asked to provide information directly to a third party in order to use
part of the services. For example, a mobile application that can be used to browse our products
may be hosted by a third party, in which case the terms of use and privacy policy for the mobile
application will apply to your use of the mobile application and the information you provide. If
you provide us with your contact information, we may share it with our supplier partners to use
when they work with us. We may also disclose your information for purposes we describe to you
when you provide the information, either to comply with your requests or with your specific
consent. In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or acquisition
of WESCO or all or part of one or more of our lines of business, information we may have
collected about you may be transferred to other parties to the transaction. Where and How Long We Keep Personal Information The information we collect through the Services is stored on WESCO servers in the United States.
If you are outside of the United States, by submitting information to us you are acknowledging
and agreeing to send that information to the United States for the purposes described in this
Policy. WESCO has policies and rules relating to the retention of personal information. We have an
enterprise records retention schedule that is based on a classification scheme consisting of
business functions, data classes, and data types. We retain personal information only for as
long as we reasonably require it to provide the Services to you, or for legal or other
legitimate business purposes. In determining data retention periods, WESCO takes into
consideration local laws, contractual obligations, and the rights, expectations and requirements
of our customers. When we no longer need personal information, we securely delete or destroy it. Google Analytics WESCO's website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google. Google
utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of WESCO.com. Google will use this
information on behalf of the WESCO for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website,
compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing them other services
relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will collect your cookie and usage data.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however
please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this
website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and
installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. FullStory WESCO's websites use FullStory products to help improve usability and the customer experience by
recording and tracking your sessions. FullStory may collect certain information, including
without limitation: usage patterns (mouse clicks and movements, typing), technical
specifications (browser, device type, operating system, script errors), navigation (pages
visited, session duration), and personal information (user name, email address, IP address). You
may choose to opt-out of this by visiting
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/. Once you opt-out, FullStory will no longer capture your session data as you browse our
websites. External Links For your convenience, our websites may contain hyperlinks to other websites owned by third
parties. We can make no representations regarding data collection on third-party websites or
through third-party services. We try to link only to websites that share our standards and
respect for privacy, but we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices
employed by others. We recommend that you read the privacy policy/statement and terms of use for
each website you visit or service you use. Intellectual Property The Services contain information, materials, content and technology owned or controlled by us
and our licensors are protected by intellectual property laws in the United States and other
countries. You may not to remove or tamper with any intellectual property notices (such as
copyright and trademark or other, similar notices) in connection with your use of the Services.
You also may not copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license,
sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit all
or any part of the Services except as expressly permitted in a written agreement between you and
WESCO. All trademarks and service marks contained in the Services are the property of their
respective owners, and no license or other rights to such trademarks are granted under this
Policy. Additional Terms of Access WESCO does not knowingly collect information from or about anyone under the age of 18. You must
be at least 18 years old to use the online parts of the Services. If you are under 18 years old,
please do not purchase any product or service using the Services without the consent and
assistance of your parent or guardian. You may access or change the information you have
submitted to WESCO by logging into your account. Please note that we can only provide access to
information you have submitted to WESCO through the Services and that is still in our
possession. We cannot identify cookie, browser, or website usage data that you may have
generated by using the Services. Also, you are on notice that we may not retain all of your
information. We may destroy or delete your certain information at any time. Depending on your
relationship with us there may be additional terms and conditions that apply your use of the
Services, such as the terms of use for our mobile applications. Please contact us if you have
any questions about what terms apply to you. Security We have implemented commercially reasonable and appropriate measures to secure your personal
information against accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and
disclosure. Unfortunately, no Internet transaction or transmission of data is 100% secure;
accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of your information. We process
personal information and credit card information using an SSL (secure socket layer) connection,
and our agreement with our merchant-services vendors require that payments are handled pursuant
to PCI compliance standards. Changes We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any time. Such changes will be posted on
our website. By continuing to use the applicable Services, you agree to the terms of the most
recent version of this Policy. Applicable Law; How to Contact Us The Services and this Policy are governed by United States and Pennsylvania law. If you are
outside the United States, please note that the United States may have laws concerning data
privacy that are different than such laws in your country of residence. You may have specific
rights under applicable data protection laws, notwithstanding the fact that we have selected
United States and Pennsylvania law to govern our agreements, including this Policy. For example,
you may have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority in your country.
You may also have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal
information or restriction of processing of your personal information, or to object to certain
types of processing, as well as the right to data portability. Some of your rights may not apply
where the use of your information is required in order to fulfill a contractual obligation to
you or your organization, or for security or other legal reasons. In addition, some of your
rights may need to be exercised by sending your requests to your organization, which may then
have the obligation under applicable law to communicate to its service providers, including
WESCO. Whatever the case, we are committed to complying with data protection laws applicable to
us and our business, and to assist our customers in their compliance obligations as applicable
and appropriate. If you have questions concerning our privacy practices, contact us at: privacyinquiry@wesco.com or 844-977-0805. This policy was last updated November 15, 2019.
Help Desk Phone: (866) 600-6040 Email: customerservicecb@carltonbates.com Our eCommerce Help Desk representatives are available for technical support from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Company Info
About Us Supplier Line Card
Customer Support
Contact Us Order a Catalog
Orders
Shipping Policy
Terms & Conditions
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
© Copyright 2020 Carlton-Bates. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy