https://www.neulandlabs.com/information/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Neuland Laboratories Ltd. (“Neuland”, “We”, ‘Our’) having its registered office at Neuland Laboratories Limited
Sanali Info Park, ‘A’ Block, Ground Floor, 8-2-120/113, Road No. 2, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, 500034, Telangana, India operates www.neulandlabs.com (collectively, the “Website”). We are committed to protect the privacy and security of your personal data. We advise you to carefully read this Privacy Notice (“Notice”) so that you are aware of how, where, and why we are using your personal data.
PURPOSE
Your privacy is very important to us. This Notice sets out the way in which we process your information when you use our Website or other digital platforms in accordance with data protection laws.
APPLICABILITY
This Notice applies to individuals visiting our Website. The Notice applies only to the information we collect through our Website, in email, text, forms and other electronic communication received through or in connection with our Website.
INFORMATION WE MAY PROCESS (“Personal Data”)
We may collect personal data on this website, including information we collect while performing business transactions and information we collect from other sources, as permitted by law.
We may collect your personal data including but not limited to:
Various usage and user metrics when you visit and use our Website including but not limited to cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exiting URLs, onsite behaviour and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage history, and location data. While some of this data is captured directly from you, for example, by way of web forms and web log servers, others can be captured indirectly from third parties, for example, tracing organization details, preferences, and interests on the basis of IP address and browsing history respectively.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering to use the Website, subscribing to the Company’s service, posting material, requesting further services and/or applying for a position of employment with us, including but not limited to your job title, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, social media profile, curriculum vitae / resume, skillset, preferences, and interests.
Information that you provide to us by completing any other forms on the Website or if you contact us with comments or specific requests (including but not limited to your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address). We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the Website.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
MEANS OF PROCESSING DATA
We may process your Personal Data through the following means:
Cookies;
Web job application forms/careers applications;
Webforms;
Newsletter sign-ups;
Registration for an event/activity;
Information request mechanism (for example, Contact Us).
COOKIES
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers with small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Please note, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer, that is to say, cookies cannot access any other information on your computer.
Our Website uses these cookies to collect information and to improve our Service by making your interaction with us faster and more secure. They may be used for the purposes of managing your preferences, maintaining and optimizing security, marketing, communication, analytics, and research.
We majorly use below types of cookies:
Essential Cookies or Strictly Necessary Cookies – These cookies are essential to the functioning of our Website and for you to move around the Website. Without these cookies, certain features could not function. No information about your browsing habits is gathered by these cookies.
Functional Cookies – These cookies remember how you prefer to use our Website and improve the way our Website works. These are persistent cookies that help us recognize you as an existing user, so it’s easier for you to return to our Website without signing in again. After signing in, the persistent cookies stay on your browser and will be read when you return on to our sites. These remain on your computer/device for a pre-defined period of time.
Performance Cookies – Some cookies help us with the performance and design of our Website. For example, these cookies show us statistics, which are the most frequently visited pages on the Website, help us record any difficulties you have with the Website, and whether our advertising is effective or not.
Targeting or Tracking Cookies – On certain pages of our Website, we use cookies to help us understand your interests as you browse the Website, so we can tailor and deliver to you a more personalized service in the future. This assists us in delivering relevant, interest-based ads to you.
If you do not want to receive cookies, most browsers allow you to control cookies through their setting preferences. However, if you do turn off cookies in your browser, you will not be able to fully experience some of the features our Website.
GROUNDS FOR LAWFUL PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
When we process your Personal data, we do so primarily in connection with marketing, sale, and promotion of services which we provide, or which are procured using our services and to improve and enhance the range of those services and offerings. We may process your personal data for recruitment, communication, sales and marketing, registration and subscriptions purposes, where processing is necessary for the purpose of pursuing our legitimate interests.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We generally use the information to establish and enhance our relationship with our users for the following purposes:
Communication – We may use your information to administer and provide services you request or have expressed an interest in, to communicate with you in case of any inquiry or support, for sending newsletters, updates and promotional materials, for seeking your opinion and feedback and personalize, to notify you about changes to our service, and/or tailor any communications that we may send you.
Career Offering – We provide career options on our Website for the users. They can apply to them using our online forms/links by registering with us. Once you are registered with us, we may use your personal data for various job openings that we have in our company and for sending you communication in case of job vacancies.
Advertising – We may use your information to carry out advertising and market research based on behavioural metrics, geo-location data, demographic data and marketing preferences we capture. We may permit certain third-party companies to help us tailor advertising based on use.
Activity Tracking – We may use your information to track your activity on our digital platforms and personalize and improve your experience. This can be used to create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and respect your preferences or for profiling purposes to enable us to personalize and/or tailor any marketing communications that you may consent to receive from us.
Optimization- We may use your information to operate, improve and maintain our site, to prevent fraud and abuse.
Information Sharing – We may use and share your information with third parties with whom we have contractual relationship.
We keep your personal data only for the duration of legitimate business requirements or as required by law.
SOCIAL MEDIA
NEULAND LABS operates channels, pages and accounts on some social media sites to inform, assist and engage with customers. NEULAND LABS monitors and records comments and posts made on these channels about NEULAND LABS in order to improve its products and services.
Please note that you must not communicate to NEULAND LABS through such social media sites the following information:
Confidential personal data, including any information regarding your financial situation, bank account details, transactions, purchase details, etc.
sensitive personal data including (i) special categories of personal data meaning any information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation and (ii) other sensitive personal data such as criminal convictions and offences and national identification number;
Excessive, inappropriate, offensive or insulting information towards individuals.
NEULAND LABS is not responsible for any information posted on those sites other than the information posted by its employees on its behalf. NEULAND LABS is only responsible for its own use of the personal data received through such sites.
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
As a global business, we may transfer your personal data to servers, entities and partners or other trusted third parties based in other countries so that they may process personal data on our behalf. By using our Website or otherwise providing us with your personal data, you agree to us doing so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws and regulations. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance our data protection policy, which is in line with applicable data protection legislation. We may also transfer your data to third party service providers and web analytics tool providers. Neuland Labs may permit certain third-party companies to help Neuland Labs tailor the advertising that it thinks may be of interest to you, based on your use of our Website.
SECURITY: HOW SECURE IS YOUR INFORMATION WITH US?
We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, procedural and managerial procedures to safeguard your information against loss, unauthorized access, misuse or modification. We require any third parties processing your information to do the implement the same levels of protection with respect to your data. We strive to use commercially acceptable means for protecting your information.
CHANGES TO THE NOTICE
This Notice is effective as of 30 September, 2019. We reserve the right to update or change this Notice at any time, and we will provide you with the updated Notice when we make any substantial updates at the earliest either through email or by providing a prominent notice of change on the Website. You should check the Notice periodically. Your continued use of the Website after we post any modifications to the Notice on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Notice.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
From time to time we may provide links to the websites of other organisations, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND WHO TO CONTACT
We will respect your legal rights in relation to your data. Below are the rights granted to individuals located in the EU as per the General Data Protection Regulation, and Neuland Labs is committed towards protection of the same.
Right to be informed
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right to withdraw consent
In case you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Notice / Policy or wish to exercise any of the above-mentioned rights, you can contact us at dpo@neulandlabs.com.
This Website uses cookies to provide you with a personalized browsing experience. By using this Website you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information on how we use cookies and how you can manage them.
I AgreePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
View Flip Book           Download PDF
x
404
Take me back to Neulandlabs.com
×
×