http://www.phaseprint.com/index.php/privacy
This site uses cookies OK More info
Toggle navigation
Call us on 01773 764288
Home
About
Phase HistoryOur ClientsOur CredentialsThe Environment
Services
DesignPrintSignageFulfilmentPhotographyMedia
Products
ProductsPOS SpecificationPortfolioThe TeamNewsContact
PRIVACY
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY…
This Privacy Information explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held, and how it is processed. It also explains your rights under the law relating to your personal data. Phase Print Ltd, Unit 6 Willow Court Cordy Lane, Underwood, Nottingham, VAT No.746135826. We collect: • Questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact us this may include your IP address. • Your Name, address, email address, Telephone numbers, payment information. • We also collect information regarding your print and buying preferences along with information that helps our account managers keep in touch and up-to-date with your latest comments and feedback. • Information such as delivery addresses and their contact details. • Job Details and order history. Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes, in all cases this data can be viewed by authorised people in the Administration department with the purpose to; • improve the how we communicate with our customers and suppliers • Providing and managing your account. • Supplying our products and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you. • Personalising and tailoring our product and services to you. • Supplying you with information by email and post that you have opted-in to, you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time (see your rights below) • Gather or respond to any feedback you send us to improve our services. • send email alerts or marketing to customers who request them or have not opted out. • The direct marketing communications may be provided to you by Social Media Channels, email, post or such other means as Phase Print Ltd chooses.
COMPANY PRIVACY POLICY…
Where your data is stored We store your data on secure servers in the European Economic Area (EEA). Being compliant to GDPR. We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept until we no longer require the data to be stored or its requested the data to be removed in which case we will remain compliant to GDPR. Keeping your data secure Sending information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit. Any data you send is at your own risk. We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it. Only data that is relevant to the task that we are carrying out should be sent to us. Do not send data / information that is not a requirement of the processing that we are carrying out. Disclosing your information We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so. We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes. Your rights You can find out what information we hold about you and ask us not to use any of the information we collect. Simply Ask us about it. If you’ve signed up for email alerts, you can unsubscribe or change your settings at any time by selecting the ‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in every email. Whenever we collect your personal data by email, on our website or over the phone, we will state whether we will use your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You will be provided with the opportunity to opt out of providing your consent to receiving these direct marketing communications both at the time that you provide your personal data and thereafter at any time by clicking on the relevant link or by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.If you tell us that you do not want to receive any further direct marketing from us, we will not contact you further for the purpose of direct marketing. However, Phase will not necessarily remove your personal data from its database(s) if it considers it is fair and necessary to retain the personal data for another purpose, like continued do not contact status or for mandatory job communications.
Here is just a sample of the clients we are proud to work with
Want to to discuss your options... Get in touch