https://www.scalesmart.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Scalesmart Privacy Policy
Scalesmart ("Company") is committed to protecting the
privacy of
customer's personal information. This statement applies
with respect to the information
collected from the Company Web
site, located at scalesmart.com. Amendments to this statement will
be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued
use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification
or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
Information Collected:
In
order to use portions of the Company's website, you may be prompted to
provide information about yourself. Personally
identifiable information about you is not collected unless you voluntarily submit such
information to the Company, by, for example, filling out a survey or
registration form. The types of information that may be requested
include your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. You
are giving express consent to the Company to allow the Company to
contact you for the purposes of providing you with information when you
submit information on this website.
Use of Information:
In
general, information is only used to provide you with the service for the
purpose for which such information was provided. Information may be used to deliver to you information about Company services and site
administration. Your information may also be used to contact you when
necessary.
Use of Cookies:
When you view Scalesmart, some information may be stored on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on Scalesmart. Cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a Web site as easily as possible. Cookies are used to deliver content specific to your interests and to prevent you from reentering all your registration data at each connection.
Security:
The Scalesmart site has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under Scalesmart's control. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, Scalesmart take all reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.
Other Websites; Links:
Scalesmart contains links to other Web sites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and by linking to these independent Web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Correct; Update
The Company allows its users the
option to change or modify information previously provided. This may be
done through the following methods:
e-mail the information to info@scalesmart.com
Unfortunately,
to the extent that such information is also stored in other databases,
Scalesmart cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will reach
the other databases. Scalesmart use all reasonable efforts to ensure that
your information is removed from or corrected in records.
Contacting Scalesmart
If
you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Scalesmart at website@scalesmart.com.