http://www.lynskeyryan.ie/privacypolicy.asp
he
LYNSKEY RYAN INSURANCES WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
We at Lynskey Ryan Insurances Ltd  respect your
privacy and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts, 1988
and 2003. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any
personal data you provide to us while visiting our Site.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of
this Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly
identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy
policies of these other sites.
You may contact us to discuss any matters relating to the
processing of personal data on our website as follows – Lynskey Ryan Insurances
Ltd
First
Floor, Hibernian House,
Eyre Square,
Galway
Tel: 091 567136
Contact
person – Jane Ryan
Email –
jane@lynskeyryan.ie
Types of Information Collected
We retain two types of information from visitors to our
Site:
1. “Personal Data”: This is data that identifies you or can
be used to identify or contact you and may include your name, postal address,
email address, telephone number and birth date. Such information is only collected
from you if you voluntarily submit it to us, for example, through our “Contact
Us” email facility or by completing one of our online forms.
2. “Non-Personal Data”: Like most websites, we gather
statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of
all visitors to our site. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that
cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information
regarding, for example, user IP addresses, browser types and other anonymous
statistical data involving the use of our Site.
Purposes for which we hold your Information.
Non-Personal Data:
(i) We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to
our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors
come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
(ii) Cookies
The Site uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a little
piece of text stored by your browser on your computer, at the request of our
server. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to
save your personal preferences so you don't have to re-enter them each time you
connect to the Internet. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your
browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being
sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion.
Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie
is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of the Site.
Personal Data
We will process any Personal Data you provide to us only for
the following purposes:
(a) to provide you with information about the services of Lynskey
Ryan Insurances Ltd
(b) to contact you if required in connection with your
enquiry or to respond to any communications you might send to us
(c) to provide insurance quotations which may subsequently
become insurance contracts.
Any communications submitted online or by email will be
subject to the same terms and conditions as those completed by hand in paper form.
If any online application forms are included in the Site, you will be notified
of any additional specific data protection provisions at the time you complete
the relevant application form.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where
such information is combined with similar information of other users of our
Site. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique
users who visit our Site, the demographic breakdown of our community users of
our Site, or the activities that visitors to our Site engage in while on our
Site. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include our
web site design, development and hosting contractors.
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties
outside of the Company unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless
the disclosure is required in order to process an application or other
communication from you or to obtain the quotation you have applied for. We will
however disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are
required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons,
a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other valid legal process.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your
Personal Data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation,
receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our
company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the
Privacy Policy.
Security
Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by our
Internet Service Provider. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the
Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we will take
all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data, the nature of the Internet
is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you
transmit to us via the Internet. We do not currently seek your bank account or
credit card details on the Site or via email and you should not send us such
data by email unless expressly agreed in person with an authorised individual
in this Company.
Accessing, Verifying, Updating and/or Deleting Personal
Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and
in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and
2003 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly.
To find out what Personal Data we hold on you, email us
at jane@lynskeyryan.ie  You will receive a response within 40 days.
To have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from
our database, email us at jane@lynskeyryan.ie.
Your request will be complied with
within 40 days.
Retention Policy
Your Personal Data will be held no longer than necessary for
the purpose for which it was submitted.
Lynskey Ryan Insurances Ltd have a policy of deleting all Personal Data
submitted for quotation purposes which does not become the subject of an
insurance transaction, within 15 months of the date it was obtained.
Complaints
Any complaint regarding data processing through the website should
be emailed to jane@lynskeyryan.ie
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the
Site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and
under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to
use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this
Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we
will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we
use your information in the new manner.
This Privacy Policy is published by  Lynskey Ryan
Insurances Ltd.  and was last updated on 14 September 2009.
Site Map
© Copyright 2002 Lynskey Ryan Insurances Ltd. Lynskey Ryan Insurances Ltd is regulated by the Irish Financial Services Regulatory Authority (IFSRA) as a Multi Agency Intermediary.
Created and maintained by Worldsites.
click here to view our Privacy Policy
Car insurance , motor insurance, house insurance and business insurance quotations in Ireland.