http://www.nelson-miller.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO USPrivacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to nelson-miller.com and Nelson-Miller and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Nelson-Miller include nelson-miller.com. The Nelson-Miller website is a ecommerce site. By using the Nelson-Miller website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Nelson-Miller may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Nelson-Miller. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Nelson-Miller website.
Nelson-Miller encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Nelson-Miller so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Nelson-Miller is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Nelson-Miller website.
Use of your Personal Information
Nelson-Miller collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Nelson-Miller may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Nelson-Miller and its affiliates. Nelson-Miller may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Nelson-Miller does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Nelson-Miller may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Nelson-Miller may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Nelson-Miller, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Nelson-Miller will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Nelson-Miller or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Nelson-Miller; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Nelson-Miller, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
Nelson-Miller secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Nelson-Miller does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Nelson-Miller by contacting us here:
- Web page: Nelson-miller.com
- Email: sales@nelson-miller.com
- Phone: (323) 663-3971
Changes to this Statement
Nelson-Miller will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Nelson-Miller encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Nelson-Miller is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Nelson-Miller welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Nelson-Miller has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Nelson-Miller at:
Nelson-Miller
2800 Casitas Avenue
Los Angeles, California 90039
Email Address:
sales@nelson-miller.com
Telephone number:
(323) 663-3971
Effective as of May 1st, 2017
OUR TEAM OF ENGINEERS STAND READY TO ASSIST YOULET'S TALK!
NEWSLETTER
SUBSCRIBE
SOLUTIONSPlastic Injection Molding
In-Mold Decorating
Backlighting Solutions
Membrane Switches
Flexible Printed Circuits
Piezo Switch and Piezo Panels
Dome Arrays
Keypads
Capacitive Switches
Printed Electronics
Touch Screens
Turn-Key Assemblies
Graphic Product Identification
Metal Stamping
SUPPORTContact Us
Design and Engineering
Client Care
Quality and Regulatory Affairs
Technical Sales Support
News
Privacy and Security Policy
Terms and Conditions
Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Download Our Presentation
OFFICESLos Angeles
2800 Casitas Avenue
Los Angeles, CA 90039
Wausau
311 Winton Street
Wausau, WI 54403
Berlin
202 S. Johnson Street
Berlin, WI 54923
Europe
Windmolen 22
7609NN Almelo
Netherlands
FOLLOW USFacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTube
© 2018 Nelson-Miller.com
|
All rights reserved. Wilson Hurd
Ayu Piranti
En-Touch
NMI Converting
Site Map
TOP