http://www.spirol.com/privacy.php
Innovative fastening solutions. Lower assembly costs.
Rapid Search
Find SPIROL products fast.
Select part type
Coiled Spring Pins
Compression Limiters
Cosmetic Pins
Disc Springs
Bushings & Dowels
Inserts for Plastics
Installation Products
Spacers
Shims
Railroad Nuts
Slotted Spring Pins
Solid Pins
Optimal Application Engineering
Design the most cost effective fastening solution.
Select to begin process
Pinning Applications
Inserts in Plastic
Spacing Applications
Compression Limiters
Alignment Applications
Railroad Nuts
Shim Applications
Cosmetic Case Hinges
Disc Springs
Installation Systems
Feeder Systems
Request for Quote
Your Location
For best online service, please change location if not correct.
Australia/New Zealand
Brazil
Canada (English)
China
Europe-Other
France
Germany
Korea
Mexico
Spain
United Kingdom
United States
Other
Your Language
Please select your preferred language.
English
Chinese
French
German
Korean
Portuguese
Spanish
About Us
Products & Services
News & Information
Contact Us
Customer Login
SPIROL
Corporate Profile
Chairman's Message
Quality Certifications
Careers
Overview
Products
Product Catalogs
Engineering Services
Applications
Press Releases
White Papers
Distribution
Scholarships
2D/3D Drawings
Global Locations
SPIROL Distribution
Tech Support
Feedback
Privacy Policy Statement
SPIROL has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for SPIROL websites and electronic marketing messages.
Our sites use various information request forms for visitors to request information about SPIROL’s products and services. Contact information is used only by SPIROL internally and is not shared with any third party companies.
Contact information from the information request form is used to respond to the visitor's request. The contact information is forwarded to the appropriate SPIROL Sales or Customer Service associate to respond to a question or request for quote; and to the SPIROL Marketing Department to add to a centralized marketing database. This database is used to maintain lists for the dissemination of direct mail and electronic marketing messages to keep our visitors informed about SPIROL’s new products, services and technologies related to fastening, joining and assembly.
We do not share your contact information with any other organization, and we do not send out arbitrary marketing messages such as eNewsletters, etc.
If at any time you wish to withdraw your consent, simply click the “opt-out” link at the bottom of the email.
SPIROL does not request or store any personal data that could result in discrimination, damage to the reputation, financial loss, loss of confidentiality or any other significant economic or social disadvantage of the individual.
SPIROL visitors are tracked by IP address during the visit to the website, and cookies are used to remember the user’s site preferences (such as location and language).
All cookies expire in one year from last use.
This information is not linked to any specific individual.
SPIROL cookies are not shared with any third party company.
SPIROL utilizes various technologies to protect all information stored in our databases.
Contact the SPIROL Webmaster if you have any questions about this privacy statement.
Home
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 SPIROL International Corporation All Rights Reserved
Ascend2 Marketing Solutions