https://www.saladousa.com/privacy-policy
TERMS, CONDITIONS &AMP PRIVACY NOTICE
Terms and Conditions
All information is provided as a courtesy to those interested in natural stone, limestone quarries, building materials, quarries in the South or Southwest and more specifically in Texas, limestone suppliers, natural stone wholesale, natural stone supply and Texas limestone. Salado makes no warranties regarding the accuracy of the information. All information is from sources deemed reliable, but is not guaranteed by Salado headquartered in Florence, TX. We urge independent verification of each and every item submitted to the satisfaction of those interested in the limestone quarry. It is every potential client’s sole responsibility to accomplish his or her due diligence in whatever manner he or she deems advisable.
Due to the unique nature of natural stone, all pictures should be considered only as representative of our products, and may not portray actual size or color. Salado recommends that customers visit our facilities or obtain stone samples prior to ordering. The appearance of our stone in pictures may be impacted by the quality of the photos, light conditions, screen resolution, and monitor quality.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for SaladoUSA.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship you samples or an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us at 254.793.3355 or via email to:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, responding to your inquiry) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 254.793.3355 or via email.
The above notice (or policy) probably does not describe your privacy practices exactly. You need to personalize your statement to fit your business practices. Following are some sample clauses that you can use to help describe other specific practices that fit your business model.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners (such as Google Analytics) may use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.