http://www.britishland.com/investors/debt/financial-policy
Skip to main content
Back
Close menu
Search
Share
Close
Search
Please fill out this field
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Email
Previous
Next
Home
Investors
Debt
Financial Policy
Financial Policy
(Information reflects position at 31 March 2020)
Approach to leverage
We manage our use of debt and equity finance to balance the benefits of leverage against the risks, including magnification of property returns.
A loan to value ratio (‘LTV’) measures our leverage, primarily on a proportionally consolidated basis including our share of joint ventures and funds and excluding non-controlling interests. At 31 March 2020, our proportionally consolidated LTV was 34.0% and the Group measure was 28.9%.
Our LTV is monitored in the context of wider decisions made by the business. We manage our LTV through the property cycle such that our financial position would remain robust in the event of a significant fall in property values. This means we do not adjust our approach to leverage based only on changes in property market yields. Consequently, our LTV may be higher in the low point in the cycle and will trend downwards as market yields tighten.
Debt finance
The scale of our business combined with the quality of our assets and rental income means that we are able to approach a diverse range of debt providers to arrange finance on attractive terms.
Good access to the capital and debt markets allows us to take advantage of opportunities when they arise.
The Group’s approach to debt financing for British Land is to raise funds predominantly on an unsecured basis with our standard financial covenants. This provides flexibility and low operational cost. Our joint ventures and funds which choose to have external debt are each financed in 'ringfenced' structures without recourse to British Land for repayment and are secured on their relevant assets.
There are five guiding principles that govern the way we structure and manage debt.
1. Diversify our sources of finance
We monitor finance markets and seek to access different sources of finance when the relevant market conditions are favourable to meet the needs of our business and, where appropriate, those of our joint ventures and funds. The scale and quality of our business enables us to access a broad range of unsecured and secured, recourse and non-recourse debt.
We develop and maintain long term relationships with banks and debt investors. We aim to avoid reliance on particular sources of funds and borrow from a large number of lenders from different sectors in the market across a range of geographical areas, with around 30 debt providers in bank facilities and private placements alone. We work to ensure that debt providers understand our business, adopting a transparent approach to provide sufficient disclosures to enable them to evaluate their exposure within the overall context of the Group. These factors increase our attractiveness to debt providers, and in the last five years we have arranged £3bn (British Land share £2.8bn) of new finance in unsecured and secured bank loan facilities, Sterling bonds, US Private Placements and convertible bonds. In addition we have existing long dated debentures and securitisation bonds. A European Medium Term Note programme is maintained to enable us to access Sterling/Euro unsecured bond markets when it is appropriate for our business.
2. Phase maturity of debt portfolio
The maturity profile of our debt is managed with a spread of repayment dates, currently between one and 18 years, reducing our refinancing risk in respect of timing and market conditions. As a result of our financing activity, we are ahead of our preferred refinancing date horizon of not less than two years.
In accordance with our usual practice, we expect to refinance facilities ahead of their maturities, and have recently successfully extended and amended one of our unsecured Revolving Credit Facilities (RCF) at £450m for a new five year term.
3. Maintain liquidity
In addition to our drawn debt, we aim always to have a good level of undrawn, committed, unsecured revolving bank facilities. These facilities provide financial liquidity, reduce the need to hold resources in cash and deposits, and minimise costs arising from the difference between borrowing and deposit rates, while reducing credit exposure.
We arrange these revolving credit facilities in excess of our committed and expected requirements to ensure we have adequate financing availability to support business requirements and new opportunities.
4. Maintain flexibility
Our facilities are structured to provide valuable flexibility for investment activity execution, whether sales, purchases, developments or asset management initiatives. Our unsecured revolving credit facilities provide full operational flexibility of drawing and repayment (and cancellation if we require) at short notice without additional cost. These are arranged with standard terms and financial covenants and generally have maturities of five years. Alongside this, our secured term debt in debentures has good asset security substitution rights, where we have the ability to move assets in and out of the security pool.
5. Maintain strong metrics
We use both debt and equity financing. We manage LTV through the property cycle such that our financial position would remain robust in the event of a significant fall in property values and we do not adjust our approach to leverage based on changes in property market yields.
We manage our interest rate profile separately from our debt, setting appropriate ranges of hedged debt over a five-year period and the longer term.
We maintained our strong senior unsecured credit rating (‘A’) and long term IDR credit rating (‘A-’), while our short term IDR credit rating was upgraded to F1 during the year.
Monitoring and controlling our debt
We monitor our debt requirement by focusing principally on current and projected borrowing levels, available facilities, debt maturity and interest rate exposure.
We undertake sensitivity analysis to assess the impact of proposed transactions, movements in interest rates and changes in property values on key balance sheet, liquidity and profitability ratios. We also consider the risks of a reduction in the availability of finance, including a temporary disruption of the debt markets. Based on our current commitments and available facilities, the Group has no requirement to refinance until 2024. British Land’s committed bank facilities total £1.8bn; undrawn facilities and cash amounted to £1.3bn at 31 March 2020.
Managing interest rate exposure
We manage our interest rate profile separately from our debt, considering the sensitivity of underlying earnings to movements in market rates of interest over a five-year period.
The Board sets appropriate ranges of hedged debt over that period and the longer term. Our debt finance is raised at both fixed and variable rates. Derivatives (primarily interest rate swaps and caps) are used to achieve the desired interest rate profile across proportionally consolidated net debt. At 31 March we had interest rate hedging on 81% of our debt (spot), and on 75% of our projected debt on average over the next five years, with a decreasing profile over that period. Our use of interest rate caps as part of our hedging (alongside swaps) means that we also benefit if market rates remain low.
Accordingly we have a higher degree of protection on interest costs in the short term and achieve market rate finance in the medium to longer term. The use of derivatives is managed by a Derivatives Committee. The interest rate management of joint ventures and funds is considered separately by each entity’s board, taking into account appropriate factors for its business.
Counterparties
We monitor the credit standing of our counterparties to minimise risk exposure in placing cash deposits and arranging derivatives.
Regular reviews are made of the external credit ratings of the counterparties.
Foreign currency
Our policy is to have no material unhedged net assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.
When attractive terms are available, the Group may choose to borrow in currencies other than Sterling, and will fully hedge the foreign currency exposure.
Related links
Key Financing Statistics
Facilities with recourse to British Land
Secured non-recourse to British Land
Close popup
Left
Right