http://www.wmi.cc/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyinsurica2017-05-17T19:31:28+00:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Your online privacy is of the utmost importance to INSURICA. Any information gathered by us will be kept strictly confidential and will only be used in ways for which you have specifically consented.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, INSURICA has no control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and carefully review the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
It is our goal to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. Listed below are our answers to some common questions about privacy and security.
What do you track and record?
When visitors access our public pages our web servers log the IP address (the numeric Internet address of a computer). We do not link IP addresses to any personal information. IP address tracking allows us to track a visitor’s session but the visitor remains anonymous. This provides information about parts of the site visited and the length of time spent there. We also record the information your browser provides about browser type and version. We use this information to administer our system and improve the information and services offered on our public website.
What about email addresses?
We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your email address, postal address, or home or work telephone number for purposes such as communication with you. In this case, we collect only the information you voluntarily provide and use it only for the specific purpose it was provided. We do not use email addresses provided in this manner for email mass marketing.
Do you use cookies? Must I accept them?
This website may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Will you honor my do not track requests?
Information about your visit to our website, including any information you provide to us, is aggregated and is never tied to your personal information. We use Google Analytics as our data tracking and aggregation service. Google’s terms of use prevent us from sending your personal information (such as name, address, and billing information) to them, and Google does not store or process any personal information that they do receive. Should you wish to prevent Google from receiving any information regarding your visit to our site, you may visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881 to download a tool that will prevent Google Analytics from receiving any information about your visit to this or other websites. Please note that this is a third-party service, provided by Google, and not a service created or maintained by INSURICA. As such, INSURICA makes no representation as to the efficacy or usability of this service.
How can I contact INSURICA?
Questions regarding our privacy policy, the accuracy of your personal information or the use of the information collected should be directed via e-mail to info@INSURICA.com or you can reach us by telephone at 405.523.2100. You can also write us at:
INSURICA, Inc.
P.O. Box 25928
Oklahoma City, OK 73125
Agreement
Use of our site signifies that you consent to our internet privacy policy. Should you not consent, you will need to vacate this site immediately. We reserve all rights to modify our internet privacy policy in the future as we see fit and/or as required by applicable law. Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted here. However, prior to implementing any changes, we will make every attempt to provide adequate notice on this website.
These privacy policies are effective as of May 11, 2016. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and will post any changes to this policy as soon as they go into effect.
© Copyright 2016 INSURICA. All rights reserved.
E-Mail UsFind Out More About Our Services and CapabilitiesWe are here to answer any questions you may have and look forward to hearing from you.
E-mail us your inquiry to get started.
E-Mail Us