https://www.seacomair.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy The protection of your data is one of the most important principles of SeaComAir. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data collected, used and processed by us. Furthermore, we would like to inform you about your rights. Contact information
Controller: SeaComAir Controller Grenzhub 5a 83229 Aschau You can reach us via the contact form: https://www.seacomair.com/contact-seacomair Data Protection Officer: SeaComAir Data Protection Officer Grenzhub 5a 83229 Aschau If you want to assert your legal rights or have general questions, please contact info@seacomair.com or the corporate data protection officer of SeaComAir. The SeaComAir (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the seacomair.com website (the “Service”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. Definitions
Personal Data Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified by that data (or in combination with other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). Usage Data Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Cookies Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device. Data Controller Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data. Data Processor (or Service Providers) Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively. Data Subject Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data. User The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data. Information Collection And Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Company First name and last name Country, City and ZIP Code Email address Phone number Subject and Comment Cookies and Usage Data
If you have given us consent to do so, we may use your Personal Data to contact you with e-mail, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by the unsubscribe e-mail or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. Usage Data We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking & Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Examples of Cookies we use: Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Use of Data The SeaComAir uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service To notify you about changes to our Service To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so To provide customer support To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service To monitor the usage of our Service To detect, prevent and address technical issues To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
How long we keep your personal information We are required under German tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 7 years after which time it will be destroyed. If your information is used for marketing purposes it will be kept until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information. Retention of Data The SeaComAir will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Transfer Of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those at your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Germany and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Germany and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. The SeaComAir will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement Under certain circumstances, The SeaComAir may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). Legal Requirements The SeaComAir may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of SeaComAir To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. What are your rights? We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. You have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to SeaComAir; you can request a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it. You have the right, at any time, to object to us using your personal information
Please note that we will ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your personal data in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office by the German Supervisory Authority. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties may have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Mailing Lists We use the below Service Providers to distibute regular emails, where you have consented to receiving them. Customer Relations Management Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. Google Adwords The operating company of the services of Google AdWords is Google Inc. If you reach our website via a Google advert, a conversion cookie will be stored on your browser by Google. A conversion cookie expires after thirty days and is not used for identification. If the conversion cookie has not yet expired, it is used to track whether certain sub-pages have been visited on our website. The conversion cookie allows both us and Google to understand if our visitors came to our website through an AdWords ad and generated revenue. The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie will be used to determine the success or failure of the respective AdWords ad and to help us optimize our AdWords ads for the future. Neither we nor any other Google AdWords advertiser receives any information from Google that could be used to identify our site visitors. No personal data will be transmitted to Google. The IP address we collect will be forwarded to Google only after the data is made anonymous. You may opt out of Google interest-based advertising. To do this, use the link: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en and choose the settings you want. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: policies.google.com/privacy Facebook In order to enable user group controlled marketing in social networks, a tracking pixel of the social media service Facebook Inc. is integrated on this website. When you visit our website, the pixel is loaded from your web browser. Thereby information is sent to Facebook. This concerns, among other things, the information whether Facebook cookies are set in your browser. This information is used to assign the browser session to a person. This assignment is pseudonymised based on a Facebook ID only, so that no personal reference is possible for us. You can make additional settings for advertising on Facebook in your user profile. Computer Services We use the below Service Provider to host our website and/or to provide IT consultancy services. 1&1 IONOS Inc. We may, from time to time, ask 1&1 IONOS Inc. to process our customer data in pursuit of our commercial interests. 1&1 IONOS Inc. are subject to an agreement of confidentiality and are not authorised to share our data under any circumstances. You can read 1&1 IONOS Inc. Privacy Policy here: https://www.ionos.com/terms-gtc/terms-privacy/ Links To Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children’s Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
This side uses cookies and third-party services to provide certain services. By continuing to use the website, you agree to the use of cookies. Read moreOk, thanks