https://www.samtext.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Services
About us
Contact us
Blog
Text agency
Translation agency
Audiovisual text
Quality assurance
Company information
Our philosophy
Privacy policy
Samtext careers
Staff
Contact us
+47 22 80 52 10
Toggle navigation
Services
Text agency
SAMTEXT CREATIVE
Blog posts
Content marketing
Content production
Advertising text
Content writer
Social media
Technical documentation
Copywriter
Web text
Translation agency
CAT tools
Certified translations
Industries
Automotive industry
Financial translation
Legal translations
Tourism
Languages
Danish
English
Finnish
Norwegian
Swedish
Post-translation DTP
Transcreation
Translation
Audiovisual text
Film script
Subtitles
Quality assurance
Copy editing
Proofreading
About us
Company information
Our philosophy
Privacy policy
Samtext careers
Staff
Contact us
Contact us
Blog
Privacy policy
Samtext is committed to high standards of information security and privacy. We place a high priority on protecting and managing personal data in accordance with accepted standards. This policy provides information about how personal data is processed by Samtext in order to provide services and for marketing purposes.
How do we process your information, and under what lawful basis?
When you contact us to request our services or a quotation, we collect the personal information you give us, such as your name and contact details, in order to provide you with a service (lawful basis for processing: our contract with you) and for accounting purposes (lawful basis for processing: our legitimate interests). We will give you the option to opt in to receive marketing communications from us. If you choose to opt in, several times a year we will send you news about issues that should be of particular interest to you (lawful basis: your consent).
If you send us documents that contain personal information for translation, editing or similar services, we will treat that personal information as strictly confidential and will not use it for any purpose other than to provide you with the requested service (lawful basis: our contract with you).
If you are a supplier or prospective supplier of language services to us, we will store your contact information and other details about the services you provide, your specialist skills and abilities so we can choose appropriate suppliers and to enable us to contact you to request that you provide us with such services (lawful basis: our legitimate interests).
Samtext will never sell personal data under any circumstances. Samtext will never share personal data with third parties unless strictly necessary to provide services to you.
Consent
How do we get your consent?
When you provide us with personal information and opt in to receive marketing communications from us you give your consent to our collecting your personal information and using it for specific marketing purposes. Opting in is entirely voluntary.
How do you withdraw your consent?
After you have opted in to receive marketing communications from us, if you change your mind you may at any time withdraw your consent for us to contact you and/or to use your information simply by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of the promotional e-mail you receive, or by contacting us at the relevant address shown at the end of this document.
After you have given us your personal information for the purposes of providing you with a requested language service, if you change your mind you may at any time contact us at the relevant address shown at the end of this document to request that your personal information be deleted. Any documents you have sent us for translation, editing or similar services containing your personal information will then be deleted. However, if there have been any business transactions between us, the records of them as well as your identity and contact information must be stored for the minimum period required by law (in Norway, 5 years).
If you are or have been a supplier or prospective supplier of language services to us and you no longer wish us to store your personal information, you may at any time request that we remove your personal details from our list of suppliers by contacting us at the relevant address shown at the end of this document. However, if there have been any business transactions between us, the records of them as well as your identity and contact information must be stored for the minimum period required by law (in Norway, 5 years).
Your rights under applicable data protection law
You have a right to have your personal data deleted. You may at any time ask to rectify or access the information we have about you or demand that the information be deleted. You may also withdraw or change your consent at any time. If you wish to make use of these rights, please contact us at the relevant address shown at the end of this document.
If you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your personal data, you have a right to complain to the relevant authority, e.g. in Norway the Norwegian Data Protection Authority (www.datatilsynet.no) or in the UK the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk). However, we hope that you will contact us in the first instance if you have concerns. Samtext takes your privacy and the security of your personal data very seriously.
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information to the appropriate authorities if we are required by law to do so.
Third-party services
External services: The providers of external services used by us (i.e. services we do not sell or supply to customers) will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. We also use data processors (such as Google Analytics) to process data on our behalf in accordance with data-processing agreements.
Our own services: The providers of services used by us in order to supply our own services are never given access to information about you as our customer. When documents you send us for translation, editing or similar services are sent to language service providers, we require of such service providers that they only use any personal data in those documents to the extent necessary in order to provide services to us. We also require that our suppliers comply with all relevant data protection legislation and have adequate security provisions in place.
Security and data storage
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
All of our customers’ and suppliers’ personal data is stored in a TMS (Translation Management System) on an SSL-secured server (encrypted connection). Access to the personal data in the TMS is limited to specific Samtext staff whose responsibilities require them to access this personal data. Anyone who accesses the data in the TMS is bound by a declaration of confidentiality. Your personal data will be stored for as long as you have an active relationship with us or until you ask for it to be deleted, bearing in mind the storage period specified in relevant legislation and regulations (e.g. regulations regarding accounting and taxation). For the purposes of this privacy policy, you have a relationship with us if you are our customer or supplier, you have consented to receiving marketing communications from us, or you have actively requested contact with us via social media or by other electronic means. The relationship is defined as active if it has been exercised during the previous 24 months.
If you ask us to translate, edit or provide similar language services for documents that contain personal information, we will take appropriate measures to protect that personal information. We have special measures in place to provide particular protection for sensitive personal information such as medical records or identity documentation. Our policy is to delete such documents once it is no longer necessary to keep them to perform our service to you.
All documents we receive are handled as sensitive information. Our employees are bound by confidentiality clauses included in their contracts of employment, and our offices employ procedures for the secure destruction of printed documents. Nevertheless, documents with particularly sensitive contents are password-protected on our servers so that only employees who are directly involved in the relevant assignment can read them. Such documents will also be delivered via our customer portal, access to which is encrypted and restricted by unique usernames and passwords, so that they are not stored as attachments in e-mail archives.
Data transfers outside the EU and EEA
All our offices are located within the EU or EEA. Certain third-party language services providers may be located outside the EU and EEA. In addition, some members of Samtext’s staff work in locations outside the EU and EEA. If you send us a document containing personal information for translation, editing or similar services, we will only transfer that document to a language service provider or member of staff outside the EU and EEA if it is necessary to do so in order to provide you with the contracted service.
Our suppliers do not have access to documents on Samtext’s servers. The transfer of documents between us and such suppliers takes place via a separate supplier portal, access to which is encrypted and restricted by unique usernames and passwords. Furthermore, all our suppliers are bound by confidentiality agreements with us.
External websites
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, and encourage you to read their privacy statements. This privacy policy is only valid for the domains and websites that belong to Samtext: samtext.com, samtext.no, samtext.se, samtext.dk, samtext.de, samtext.fi, samtext.info, kommunikasjonsbloggen.no, kapteinschwung.no, bestitekst.no, versjonering.no, versionering.dk, tekstbyrå.no and tekstbloggen.no.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or device by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Each website or third-party service provider used by the website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website or third-party service provider to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites or other third-party service providers.
The Samtext website uses analytics cookies to enable us to improve our service. You may use your browser settings to block cookies without affecting the core functionality of this site.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this website may include embedded content, e.g. videos. Embedded content from other websites acts in exactly the same way as if the visitor had visited the website from which the embedded content comes. These websites may collect information about you, use cookies or include tracking systems from third parties, and may monitor what you do via this embedded content. This also includes tracking your actions via the embedded content if you have an account on that website and are logged in. We can accept no liability for the actions of such other websites.
Changes to the privacy policy or ownership
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our company is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products and services to you.
Questions and contact information
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, please contact us via the relevant e-mail address below:
Samtext Denmark: copenhagen@samtext.com
Samtext Finland: helsinki@samtext.com
Samtext Norway (head office): oslo@samtext.com
Samtext Sweden: stockholm@samtext.com
Samtext UK: uk@samtext.com
Questions? Ask the CEO.
Norway
Samtext Norway AS
Grenseveien 97 A
NO-0663 Oslo
Tel. +47 2280 5200
oslonospam@samtext.com
www.samtext.no
Finland
Samtext Finland Oy Ab
Valimotie 2
FI-00380 Helsinki
Tel. +358 10 219 3370
helsinkinospam@samtext.com
www.samtext.fi
Sweden
Samtext Sweden AB
Gotlandsgatan 75
SE-116 38 Stockholm
Tel. +46 8714 79 97
stockholmnospam@samtext.com
www.samtext.se
UK
Samtext UK Ltd
Crown House, 37 High Street, East Grinstead
W. Sussex RH19 3AF
Tel. +44 1747 826484
uknospam@samtext.com
www.samtext.com
Denmark
Samtext Denmark
Metalgangen 9C
DK-2690 Karlslunde
Tel. +45 3524 9950
copenhagennospam@samtext.com
www.samtext.dk
Germany
Samtext Germany
denospam@samtext.com
www.samtext.de
Blog
Site map
Contact us
Samtext International
Grenseveien 97 A
NO-0663 Oslo
Tel. +47 22 80 52 10