http://www.ventureseek.com/privacy
Skip to the navigation.Skip to the content.Home PageFind VenturesFind CapitalFind PartnersFind Consultants JoinLog InVentureSeek Privacy Policy
VentureSeek ("Company") knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
By visiting the https://www.ventureseek.com
website and domain name, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by VentureSeek in connection therewith (collectively, the "web site" or "site"), or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers VentureSeek's treatment of personally identifiable information ("personal information") that VentureSeek gathers when you access the web site and when you use our services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that VentureSeek does not own or control, or to individuals that VentureSeek does not employ or manage.
What Personal Information does VentureSeek collect?
The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services, and allows our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize their experience on the Website. We collect the following types of information from our customers:
Personal information you provide:
We receive and store any information you enter on our web site or provide to us in any other way.
The types of personal information collected may include your name, email address, IP address, browser information, username, password and any other information necessary for us to provide our services.
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of our site's features.
The personal information you provide is used for such purposes as answering questions, improving the content of the site, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about VentureSeek’s products and services, including specials and new features.
Personal information collected automatically:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our web site
or use our services.
VentureSeek automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, browser information, operating system, timestamps, and the page you requested.
Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our web site and its components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show.
VentureSeek only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.
This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often customers use parts of the site or services so that we can make the site appealing to as many customers as possible, and improve those services.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information.
We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
E-mail Communications:
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from VentureSeek if your computer or device supports this type of functionality. cp-lage uses this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful and to improve the web site and our services. When you receive email from cp-lage, you can opt out of receiving further e-mails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s (or other device’s) persistent storage medium (e.g., hard drive) through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people.
We use cookies to enhance visitors’ experiences, to learn more about their use of the web site and to improve quality.
VentureSeek cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our web site’s most attractive features.
Ads appearing on the web site may be delivered to users by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer or other device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer or device. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Will Company share any of the personal information it receives?
Personal Information about our customers is an integral part of our business.
We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone.
We share your personal information only as described below.
User profiles: User profile information including users’ name, email address, and other information you enter may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the site.
Users’ email addresses will not be directly revealed to other users by VentureSeek, except, when the user is connected to another user via a shared group membership, or an invitation.
Communication in response to registration: As part of the web site and services, you will receive from VentureSeek email and other communication relating to your registration.
You acknowledge and agree that by registering, VentureSeek may send you email and other communication that it determines in its sole discretion relate to your registration.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets.
In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred.
Moreover, if Company, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of VentureSeek or its assets may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Protection of VentureSeek and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of VentureSeek, our employees, our users, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
Is my personal info secure?
Your personal information is protected by a password for your privacy and security.
You need to ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer (or other device) and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
VentureSeek endeavors to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private, however, we cannot guarantee the security of user account information.
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
VentureSeek contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy stated on that site.
This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on this site.
What personal information can I access?
Company allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating or deleting that information.
This list will change as the web site changes.
User email address
Username and password
User profile and preferences
What choices do I have?
As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, even though it may be needed to take advantage of or register for certain features of the site and services.
You are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the "What Personal Information Can I Access" section above.
When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.
You may request deletion of youraccount by sending an email to mail| at |dirk.net
Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
If you do not wish to receive email or other communication from us, please indicate this preference during the registration process, by changing your account settings, or by notifying us at mail| at |dirk.net.
Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
VentureSeek may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email.
Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Website after such changes have been first posted.
Questions
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our web site, please send us a detailed message at mail| at |dirk.net. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Share Tweet Share ShareVentureSeek LoginxCloseJoin VentureSeekxClose