https://www.edelmacbride.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Edel MacBride
Contact Us Today: 00353 083 3437031
:
edel@edelmacbride.com
0Shopping CartHome
Shop
Women
Men
Iconic Aran
Limited Editions
Featured
Knitfield
About
Blog
Contact
Search
Menu
Menu
Privacy and cookies policy
Introduction
1.1      We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and customers
1.2      This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of Edel MacBride Ltd website visitors and users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3      We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website users, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4      Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the publication of your information.
1.5      In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Edel MacBride Ltd
How we use your personal data
2.1      In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)       the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)      in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)       the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)      the legal bases of the processing.
2.2      We may process usage data, which may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3      We may process your account data (“account data“). The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.4      We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data“). The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.5      We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data“). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.6      We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.7      We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data“).The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
2.8      We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.9      We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.10    We may process [any of your personal data identified in this policy] where necessary for [the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure]. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely [the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others].
2.11    In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.12    Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing your personal data to others
3.1        In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out above we may also disclose your  personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to  which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.2 Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers Paypal We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at paypal.com.
International transfers of your personal data
4.1      In this Section, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2      The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the UK. The European Commission has made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries.
4.3      You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1      Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Security of personal data
6.1      We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to secure your personal data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
6.2      We will store all your personal data on secure servers, personal computers and mobile devices, and in secure manual record-keeping systems.
6.3      Data relating to your enquiries that is sent from your web browser to our web server, or from our web server to your web browser, will be protected using encryption technology.
6.4      You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
Amendments
7.1      We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2      You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3      We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
Your rights
8.1      In this Section 9, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2      Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)       the right to access;
(b)      the right to rectification;
(c)       the right to erasure;
(d)      the right to restrict processing;
(e)       the right to object to processing;
(f)       the right to data portability;
(g)      the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)      the right to withdraw consent.
8.3      You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. You can access your personal data by emailing edel@edelmacbride.com
8.4      You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5      In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.6      In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7      You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8      You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
9.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10    To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)       consent; or
(b)      that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11    If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12    To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.13    You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us OR in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 9.
Third party websites
9.1      Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
9.2      We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Personal data of children
10.1    Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18.
10.2    If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
Updating information
11.1    Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
About cookies
12.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
12.2    Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
12.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
13.1    We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)       authentication – we may use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website
(b)      status – we may use cookies [to help us to determine if you are logged into our website][
(c)       shopping cart – we may use cookies to maintain the state of your shopping cart as you navigate our website
(d)      personalisation – we may use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you
(e)       security – we may use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally
(f)       advertising – we may use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you cookies used for this purpose are:
(g)      analysis – we may use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services and
(h)      cookie consent – we may use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally
Cookies used by our service providers
14.1    Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
14.2    We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Managing cookies
15.1    Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)       https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)      https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)       http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)      https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)       https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)       https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
15.2    Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
15.3    If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
Cookie preferences
16.1    You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website
Our details
17.1    This website is owned and operated by Edel Mac Bride
17.3    You can contact us by:
(a)       using our website contact form;
(b)      email edel@edelmacbride.com
Brief Overview At Edel MacBride we research, develop, design and hand make some of the world’s most beautiful clothing. In a land showered with great natural beauty, from green valleys to iconic cliffs and mountain ranges, we are a thread from past to future.
Main CategoriesWomen
Men
Iconic Aran
Featured
Limited Editions
Edel MacBride & Knitfield 20 The craft Village
Shipquay Street, Derry
BT48 6AR Northern Ireland
edel@edelmacbride.com
The Edel MacBride Studio Ballybofey, Co. Donegal
Ireland
Tel:0833437031
edel@edelmacbride.com
Privacy Policy
© Copyright - 2020 Edel MacBride
::
Developed By The Web Crew
Scroll to top
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close