http://www.ethicscentre.ca/EN/privacy.cfm
Newsletter
Become a Member
Contact Us
Home
Events
Resources
Education & Scholarship
Membership & Participation
About Us
Privacy Policy
In This Section
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This portion of the Terms and Conditions discloses the privacy practices of the Centre with respect to the Site.
What information of yours does the Centre collect? The Site collects two types of information, "anonymous information" and "personal information". Anonymous information refers to information that is not about an identifiable individual. Each time a visitor comes to the Site, the Centre may collect information that is necessary to improve the overall quality of the visitor's online experience. The Centre may collect computer and connection information such as the visitor's IP address (e.g., whether the user is logged on from a .ca, .com, .gov or .edu domain), referral data, and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform). The Centre collects this user information for purposes of providing the Site. In addition to this anonymous information, the Centre also collects information that is about an identifiable individual ("personal information"). Personal information includes information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name and postal code. Wherever and whenever the Centre collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. Personal information collection. The Centre collects personal information in the following ways from different parts of the Site: i) Personal information is gathered when you voluntarily supply information to the Site. You can choose whether or not to provide the Centre with your personal information. If you choose not to provide the requested information, the Centre may not be able to offer you some of the Products and Services that depend on this type of information to function. ii) If you contact the Centre, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We do not collect any email addresses of those who communicate with the Centre via email. We use the information provided only so that we may communicate with you electronically.
What organization is collecting the information? When you provide personal information at the site, the Centre is the organization collecting that information.
How is personal information used?
Any personal information you provide to the Centre is maintained and accessible only by the Centre, unless specifically stated otherwise. The Centre may use the information it collects to deliver products and services requested. The Centre may also use personal information if it has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal, provincial or foreign law; for an emergency that threatens an individual's life, health or security; if the use is clearly in the individual's interest and consent is not available in a timely way; or if knowledge and consent would compromise the availability or accuracy of the information and collection is required to investigate a breach of an agreement or contravention of a federal, provincial or foreign law. The Centre may disclose personal information i) to an advocate or notary or a barrister or solicitor who is representing it; ii) if required to comply with a legal or legislative obligation; iii) to a government institution or part of a government institution that has made a request for the information, identified its lawful authority to obtain the information. The Centre may disclose personal information to its agents, suppliers and service providers in conjunction with providing you with products, services or operating portions of the Site. Such entities will be required to use personal information provided solely for such purposes. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services.
How can you access, edit or delete your information?
The Centre will allow you to access and edit your personal information. Currently, to access and edit your personal information, please contact the Centre as described on the Site.
Supporting Organizations
»
view all members
»
become a member
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
© 2020 ethicscentre.ca All rights reserved.