http://www.michel-herbelin.com/en_US/privacy-policy
privacy-policy | Michel Herbelin
Toggle navigation
Home
Watches
Men's Watches
Women's Watches
Shop by Collections
Shop
Newport Universe
Antarès Studio
About us
A propos de nous
Ambassadors
Store Locator
Contact us
Pro Access
Choose Language
English
Français
Sign In
My Cart
0
Wishlist
Sign in
United States
USA
United States
Europe
France
United Kingdom
English
Français
Privacy policy
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
MH DIFFUSION SARL (“MH Diffusion”) is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal and financial information.
By accessing and using www.shop.michel-herbelin.com ((the "Website") and any associated ecommerce platforms, services, tools, modules, and applications collectively (“Services”), you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Services and can be accessed at any times through the Services, including by accessing a link provided at the Website. MH Diffusion reserves the right to adapt or modify this Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice to you. The applicable version of the Privacy Policy is the version published on the Website.
In accordance with the provisions of the French Act No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relative to information technology, files and freedoms, the Services were the subject of a declaration to the CNIL (Commission Nationale Informatique et Libertés - French Data Protection Authority) under number PENDING.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify a specific person.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
MH Diffusion collects personal data that you submit to us, for example, when you place orders or contact our customer service. The personal data that you submit to us may for example include contact information, date of birth, login and password to 3rd party authentication or identification services, county and payment information. MH Diffusion does not store any bank details, unless you have authorized us to do so, or provided us with access to a third-party site that maintains such bank details. Transactions are processed entirely by our payment providers, such as PayPal, the secure payment module of our provider MONETICO, or the payment system of the bank CIC. Other payment providers may be utilized from time to time without deviating from the obligations set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may collect information about the way you interact with our Services, content and advertising. This may include, but is not limited to, device ID, device type, machine ID, geo-location information, computer and connection information, present and former actions taken using sites or accounts linked to the Account, statistics on page views, traffic to and from our websites, IP address, MAC address, ad data, standard web log information, and any telephone number you provide us or from which you may call or otherwise contact us.
Your use of our Services may result in you providing us with access to certain personal information, and current and historical usage and transactional data stored by third parties such as, but not limited to vendors, suppliers, plugin providers and social network or media sites (such as by way of example only, and not limitation, Facebook, Google and Twitter) that are integrated into our Services. The data we have access to varies by site and is controlled by your privacy settings on that site and your authorization. By associating an account managed by a third party with your Account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Term and Conditions.
3. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored in France (server location) and/or other destinations within or outside the European Economic Area. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to see that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
It is our customary practice, and we make every attempt where practicable, to encrypt payment transactions using SSL technology.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential and any misuse of your Account. We therefore ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site. Although we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website: any transmission is at your own risk.
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our agreements and take other actions permitted by law.
4. USE OF THE INFORMATION
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, efficient and customized experience. We may use the information we collect to:
• provide, test, or enhance the functionality of the Services;
• resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems;
• prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Agreements;
• customize, measure and improve our Services and advertising;
• contact you tell you about our Services and those of our corporate family, service updates, targeted marketing and promotional offers based on your communication preferences; by way of sending newsletters, special offers and other e-mails;
• compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties; and/or comply with applicable laws;
manage orders, deliveries and billing;
• manage registration and/or sharing of information through third-party services; and
• share the information with other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity or sell assets. Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information.
5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We share information between our systems and that of third parties, such as with third-party license partners, or licensors, in order to test, develop, market or deploy new products. Such third parties may use the information to develop and market new products. Likewise, we may share information if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. Additionally, if MH Diffusion or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, we may transfer any personal information as part of the assets acquired.
In addition, we may also share your personal information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, to provide personalized services, to notify you of special and/or promotional offers, discounts and sales and to place you on mailing lists for newsletters. Similarly, MH Diffusion, like many other businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases, managing customer reviews and moderation and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
We make every attempt to remove user identifiable information from the data that we collect and share with third parties. However, for some services information like names, user type, email address and other data might be shared. We may also disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements (for example, in response to requests by federal, state or local authorities, including tax authorities, subpoenas, court orders or other legal process) or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is legally required, to enforce our policies, to establish or exercise our legal rights or protect anyone's rights, property or safety.
Subject to the foregoing, we will not disclose sensitive personal information to any other person without your prior express written consent.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask MH Diffusion not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent or end such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
You have the right to receive information about which personal data concerning you is processed and in which manner the data is processed. You are also entitled to request correction or deletion of your personal data, or to withdraw at any time your consent to our use or processing. Any such requests should be made in writing to contact.usa@herbelin.com.
You have the right not to consent to our use of certain cookies. Please see the Cookies section below for more information on this.
7. NEWSLETTER
We may send you targeted and relevant promotional communications from us. If you wish to stop receiving any such communications, please either email us at stop@herbelin.com or click the "unsubscribe" link in any email from us.
8. COOKIES, GOOGLE ANALYTICS, AND FACEBOOK
To enhance the Services, MH Diffusion sometimes places small data files called cookies on your device (“Cookies”). We may use session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to store your preferences, identify you and maintain your signed-in status, and provide you with a more personal and interactive experience. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete persistent cookies by following your browser's help instructions. If you choose to disable cookies, some of our services may not work properly. We may also use web beacons which are typically small graphic objects or pixels that are embedded in a web page. These web beacons allow us or our provider(s) to check that a user has viewed a web page.
Google Analytics - Portions of the Services (such as, but not limited to, the Website) use Google Analytics or other similar web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can obstruct the collection and transmission of the data generated by the cookie and pertaining to your use of the Services (including your IP address) to Google, as well as the processing of the data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Google AdWords - Portions of the Services uses Google conversion cookies, which are used in order to track sales and other conversions ads. Google AdWords adds a cookie to the user’s computer when it clicks on an ad. This cookie lasts 30 days and does not collect or track information that can identify the user. The Google’s conversion cookie tracking can be disabled in the user settings of the Internet browser.
Facebook – Portions of the Services uses Facebook Pixels to help us to reach our existing audience on Facebook and supply them with relevant content. You can opt out of Facebook Pixel cookies by visiting the Adverts tab in your Facebook profile settings. The information we share with Facebook will only be used in accordance with Facebook's data use policy www.facebook.com/about/privacy.
By using the Services, you consent to the processing of your data in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
9. CONTROLLER OF PERSONAL DATA
MH DIFFUSION SARL
9 rue de la Première Armée
25140 Charquemont, France
Contact by e-mail : contact.usa@herbelin.com
10. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California customers to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us at the contact details provided below to request such information.
11. THIRD PARTIES
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. MH Diffusion does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
12. MODIFICATIONS
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page.
13. CONTACT
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at contact@herbelin.com.
14. LAST UPDATE
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 22 February 2018.
Collections
Ambassade
Antarès
Cap Camarat
City
Epsilon
Classique
Inspiration
Luna
Newport
Scandinave
Trophy
Ve Avenue
about us
Chronology
A family business
Key figures
Connect with us
contact@herbelin.com
My account
Connect
English
Français
Michel Herbelin French Watchmaking Studio since 1947 Copyright
Michel Herbelin 2018Website produced by Thanksgiving Communication & Publicité
Legal notice -
Terms and conditions -
privacy policy -
Advice -
Pro