https://www.meyergroup.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
These Terms and Conditions apply to meyergroup.co.uk, referred to as “Site” © 2018 Meyer Group Ltd. All rights reserved.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. Your use of this Site is expressly conditioned on your compliance with and acceptance of the following terms and conditions. By using this Site, you indicate your agreement to these terms and conditions and the related privacy policy. If you do not agree with any part of the following terms and conditions, do not use any of this Site.
1. INFORMATION ABOUT US AND HOW TO CONTACT US
1.1 Who we are. We are Meyer Group Ltd a company registered in England and Wales. Our company registration number is 01443669 and our registered office is at Wirral International Business Park, Riverview Road, Bromborough, Wirral, CH62 3RH.
1.2 How to contact us. You can contact us by telephoning our customer service team at 0151 482 8180 or by writing to us at tradesupport@meyeruk.com or Wirral International Business Park, Riverview Road, Bromborough, Wirral, CH62 3RH.
1.3 How we may contact you. If we have to contact you we will do so by telephone or by writing to you at the email address or postal address you provided to us in your order.
1.4 “Writing” includes emails. When we use the words “writing” or “written” in these terms, this includes emails.
2. USE OF THE SITE
You may only use any of the Site to browse the content, make inquiries to Meyer Group and not for any other purposes. The Site and the content provided in any of the Sites may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the written permission of Meyer Group, except that you may download, display and print one copy of the materials presented on the Site on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only. “Deep-linking,” “embedding” or using analogous technology is strictly prohibited unless specifically authorised in writing. Unauthorised use of the Site and the materials contained on the Site may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws. You must retain all copyright and trademark notices, and any other proprietary notices, contained in the materials. The use of such materials on any other website or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited. You may share links from the Site with others or post them on social media sites, however, you are prohibited from posting to or transmitting from the Site any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
Meyer Group provides links from the Site to other websites for your information and convenience. Meyer Group does not assume any responsibility or liability with respect to any website linked from the Site (or any website linking to the Site), including its content and operation. Meyer Group does not review or monitor such links. A link from the Site to another website (or a link from another website to the Site) does not constitute a referral, endorsement, approval, advertising, offer or solicitation with respect to such website, its contents, or any products or services advertised or distributed through that website. While the Site may contain “links” to other sites, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. You agree that you will not use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you may not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor, copy or scrape any of our web pages or the content contained herein, without the prior express written consent from an authorised executive of Meyer Group (such consent is deemed given for standard search engine technology employed by Internet search websites to direct Internet users to the Site).
3. PRIVACY
You represent that you have read the Meyer Group Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein, and agree that the terms of such policy are reasonable. You consent to the use of any information submitted to Meyer Group and its third-party providers and distributors in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in the Meyer Group Privacy Policy.
4. EMPLOYMENT
Meyer Group may place vacancy announcements on the Site, seeking applications from candidates who desire employment with Meyer Group or one of its related entities. However, Meyer Group is not under any obligation to screen or review any applications or to offer any vacancy announcement or other employment opportunities. As a result, Meyer Group does not certify the existence, type or quality of the jobs posted, the accuracy of the listings, the suitability of any job opportunities to candidates or the continued existence of the job after posting. The Site and all job-related information it contains are provided “AS IS.” MEYER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE JOB-RELATED OR OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE. Meyer Group does not guarantee that any employment position will be offered to any of the candidates submitting information. By using the Site, you assume the risk that the information on the Sites may be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date, or that a specific posting may not meet your needs and requirements. You also agree that any information you submit, whether or not it is in response to any posted vacancy, is truthful and complete.
5. SUBMISSIONS
“Submissions” means all comments, feedback, suggestions, photos, e-mail and similar information or materials that you submit to Meyer Group regarding the products or services of Meyer Group. Submissions will not be confidential and will become the property of Meyer Group upon submission to Meyer Group. By providing any Submissions, you agree to assign to Meyer Group, at no charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights to the Submissions. You represent and warrant that any Submission you provide to Meyer Group will be complete and accurate. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the Submissions that you provide, and that you, not Meyer Group, have full responsibility for the Submissions, including their legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright.
Except as expressly stated and agreed upon in advance by Meyer Group, no confidential relationship shall be established if any user of any of the Sites should make any oral, written or electronic communication to Meyer Group (such as feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, etc.). If the Site requires or requests that such information be provided, and that such information contains personal identifying information (e.g., name, address, phone number), Meyer Group shall obtain, use and maintain it in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. Otherwise, such communication and any information submitted therewith shall be considered non-confidential, and Meyer Group shall be free to reproduce, publish or otherwise use such information for any purposes whatsoever including, without limitation, the research, development, manufacture, use or sale of products incorporating such information. The sender of any information to Meyer is fully responsible for its content, including its truthfulness and accuracy and its non-infringement of any other person’s proprietary or privacy rights.
6. COLOURS
Meyer attempts to display the colours of our products as accurately as possible. Nevertheless, as the actual colours you see will depend on your monitor. We cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any colour will be accurate.
7. REGISTRATION AND SECURITY
By entering the Site you have confirm that you are of legal age in the country in which you reside. By entering any information on the Site, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are using your actual identity; (ii) you have provided only true, accurate, current and complete information; and (iii) you will maintain and promptly update the information that you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations. We will use all information provided to us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
8. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom. You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in United Kingdom, in all questions and controversies arising out of your use of the Site and this Agreement. You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises or will be forever barred.
9. ASSIGNMENT
You may not assign, convey, subcontract or delegate your rights, duties or obligations hereunder.
10. MODIFICATION
Meyer may at any time modify these Terms of Use in our discretion without notice. Your use of the Site will be conditioned upon the Terms of Use posted on our site at the time of your use. Please be sure to review our Privacy Policy before proceeding to use any of the Sites.
11. ADDITIONAL TERMS
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods and services and other uses of portions of the Site, and you agree to abide by such other terms and conditions.
12. HEADINGS
The heading used in these Terms and Conditions are included by convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms and Conditions.
HomeAbout Meyer
Meyer GlobalMeyer UKMeyer EMEAOur Mission and ValuesOur History Back
Our Brands
HestanRuffoniAnolonCirculonMeyer CookwarePrestigeJoe Wicks Back
NewsCommunity
In Kind DirectLiverpool John Moores University Back
CareersContact Us