http://www.ampm.com/privacy
Skip Navigation
COVID-19: How we're working to protect you. Learn more about what we’re doing and store closure updates.
COVID-19: Learn about what we're doing and ampm closures
PRIVACY POLICY
EFFECTIVE DATE: JANUARY 1st, 2020
ampm brand is owned and operated by BP Products North America Inc. (collectively, "BPPNA", “we” or “us” or “our”). BPPNA respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We provide this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to inform you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information is collected and how that information is used.
This Policy applies to all Personal Information collected at ampm merchant locations, during any written, electronic, and oral communications with ampm representative parties, or by our ampm services online (collectively, the “Services”). ampm online Services include the website located at https://www.ampm.com/ and all corresponding webpages and websites that link to this Policy (“Site”), ampm mobile, web, console, desktop and other applications (e.g., Apple iOS Apps, etc.) (collectively and individually, (“App"); and any other content, applications, features, functionality, information and services offered by us though the Site and/or the Apps.
Please read our Terms and Conditions (https://www.ampm.com/legal) and this Policy before accessing or using our Services. By using our Services, you accept the Terms and Conditions and accept our privacy practices described in this Policy. If you cannot agree with this Policy or the Terms and Conditions, please do not access or use our Services.
We may modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, and changes may apply to any Personal Information we already hold about you, as well as any new Personal Information collected after the Policy is modified. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy. We will provide you with advanced notice if we make any material changes to how we collect, use or disclose your Personal Information that impact your rights under this Policy. If you continue to access or use our Services after receiving the notice of changes, you acknowledge your acceptance of the updated Policy.
In addition, we may provide you with real time disclosures or additional information about the Personal Information handling practices of specific parts of our Services. Such notices may supplement this Policy or provide you with additional choices about how we process your Personal Information.
1.	Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information when you use our Services, create an account with us or submit Personal Information to us. Personal Information is any information that relates to you, identifies you personally or could be used to identify you, including but not limited to as your user ID, name, email address, phone number and address. The types of Personal Information that we may collect about you include, but are not limited to:
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us on Our Services. If you decide to contact us or make use of personalized services (e.g. by filling in a form on our Site), then you will be asked to submit limited Personal Information which is necessary for us to provide applicable Services to you. Providing Personal Information this way is voluntary. If any form which collects your Personal Information allows you to voluntarily provide additional information, we seek this information because we think it will help us to give you a better-quality service. You do not have to provide such information if you do not wish to do so.
Information You Provide to Us Through the ampm Scratch Power App. When you first register for the ampm Scratch Power app, BPPNA must collect some limited Personal Information so that you can use the app. We require your name, email address, birthdate and a mobile phone number to operate the program. This information will be used to establish an account for you and to email you a unique password so that you can access your ampm Scratch Power account. When you use ampm Scratch Power app we will collect information relating to the purchases and transactions you undertake at ampm merchant locations to operate the app.
Information You Provide to Our Affiliates and Subsidiaries. We may get your Personal Information from a company controlled by or under common control with BPPNA.
Information Automatically Collected. When you use the Services online or through our mobile app, we automatically collect information about the Services you use and how you use them by using cookies, tags, and similar technologies to automatically collect information in connection with our Services. To learn more about our usage of the cookies and other tracking technologies, please see section 2 below.
2.	Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies, tags, and similar technologies to automatically collect information on our Services. These tracking technologies allow our technology partners to collect information including your computer’s IP address, your mobile device identifier, the type of internet browser you are using, operating system, referral URLs, date/time stamps, pages viewed, and simple keyword tags. Cookies or tags are bits of code that allow our technology partners to collect information including your computer’s IP address, your mobile device identifier, the type of internet browser you are using, operating system, referral URLs, date/time stamps, pages viewed, and simple keyword tags. We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Site. The use of a pixels allows BPPNA to record that a particular device, browser, or application has visited a particular webpage.
Cookies. The cookies are small web files that a site or its provider transfers to your device’s hard drive through your web browser that enables the site’s or provider’s system to recognize your browser and remember certain information.
Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our Services function properly; to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our Services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services; to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our Services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience.
We use the following types of cookies on our Services:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our Services. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas on our Services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes. This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work and they cannot be disabled.
Functional Cookies. We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences on our Services. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing. While these cookies can be disabled, this may result in less functionality during your use of our Services.
Performance or Analytic Cookies. These cookies collect passive information about how you use our Services, including webpages you visit and links you click. We use the information collected by such cookies to improve and optimize our Services. We do not use these cookies to target you with online marketing. You can disable these cookies.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies. These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites. You may disable the use of these cookies as set forth below.
Other Tracking Technologies. To see how successfully our marketing campaigns or other Site goals are performing we sometimes use conversion pixels, which fire a short line of code to tell us when you have clicked on a particular button or reached a particular page (e.g. a thank you page once you have completed the procedure for subscribing to one of our services or have completed one of our forms). We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Site. The use of a pixel allows BPPNA to record that a particular device, browser, or application has visited a particular webpage.
Your Choices. Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies. You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser. You can exercise your preferences in relation to cookies served on our Sites by taking the steps outlined below.
First-Party Cookies. You can use the browser with which you are viewing this Site to enable, disable or delete cookies. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” settings). Please note, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access secure areas of the Site. Also, if you disable cookies other parts of the Services may not work properly. You can find more information about how to change your browser cookie settings at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Mobile Advertising: You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of advertising by accessing the settings in mobile device and following the instructions. If you opt-out, we will remove all data about you and will not collect any further data. The random ID previously assigned to you will be removed. Thus, if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in, we will be unable to continue and track you using the prior ID and you will for all practical purposes be a new user.
Third-Party Cookies. To opt-out of third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use advertising cookies go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Once you click the link you may choose to opt-out of such advertising from all participating advertising companies or only advertising provided by specific advertising entities. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, please see http://www.aboutads.info/consumers.
Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari, include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT" signals have not been adopted, our Sites do not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.
3.	How We Use Your Personal Information
We will only use your Personal Information as described in this Policy or as disclosed to you prior to such processing taking place.
To Provide You Our Services. We will use your Personal Information to provide information or perform Services that you request. If the applicable information is to be provided or Service is to be performed by a third party, then we will disclose the applicable information to the third party providing the information or performing applicable Services. All third parties that we work with are contractually obligated to protect your information as disclosed in this Policy.
For Internal Use. We use your Personal Information for the purposes of furthering our business, including improving our Site's content and functionality by analyzing where, on which types of devices and how our Site is used, how many visitors we receive, and where they click through to the Site from. We also use it to remember you in case you re-visit our Site, so we will know if you have already been served with surveys, or (where Site content is undergoing testing) which version of the content you were served.
To Provide You with Service-Related Communications. We will send you administrative or account-related information to keep you updated about your account and the Services. Such communications may include information about Policy updates, confirmations of your account actions or transactions, security updates or tips or other relevant transaction-related information. We process your contact information to send you such communications. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You are not able to unsubscribe from such communications, otherwise you may miss important developments relating to your account or the Services.
To Provide Customer Support or Respond to You. We collect any information that you provide to us when you contact us. Without your Personal Information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
To Ensure the Security of the Services. We care about keeping you secure and safe while using our Services. Keeping you safe requires us to process your Personal Information, such as your device information, activity information and other relevant information. We use such information to combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; improve and enforce our security measures; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not gain access to your information. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your Personal Information for security purposes.
To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms and Agreements or Policies. When you access or use our Services, you are bound to our Terms and Conditions and this Policy. To ensure you comply with them, we process your Personal Information by actively monitoring, investigating, preventing and mitigating any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services. We also process your Personal Information to: investigate, prevent or mitigate violations of our internal terms, agreements or policies and enforce our agreements with third parties and business partners.
To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance.
Our Services are subject to certain laws and regulations which may require us to process your Personal Information. For example, we process your Personal Information to pay our taxes, to fulfill our business obligations, ensure compliance with employment and recruitment laws or as necessary to manage risk as required under applicable law. Without processing your Personal Information for such purposes, we cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements.
To Operate the ampm Scratch Power App. We use your information to operate the ampm Scratch Power app, for example to ensure that you are able to pick up your prizes at an ampm merchant locations, provide other services related to the program and ensure that the applicable Terms and Conditions are observed.
4.	Sharing of Your Personal Information
Other than sharing your Personal Information so that you can use our Services, or as required or permitted by law, we do not share Personal Information about our members or former members with non-affiliated third parties. We may disclose your Personal Information as described below.
Within Our Corporate Organization. BPPNA is a part of a corporate organization that has many legal entities, business processes, management structures and technical systems. BPPNA may share your Personal Information within this organization to provide you with the Services and take actions based on your request.
Third Parties. We may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers acting on our behalf to help us operate our Services. These third parties can only use your data in accordance with our written instructions and must comply with the information security protections we have put in place.
To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance. We have the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator or any other legal process served on BPPNA. If there is a takeover, sale or purchase of our business, we may disclose your Personal Information to the new (or prospective) owner of the business.
5.	Security Precautions
In compliance with federal regulations, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to guard and prevent misuse of your Personal Information. Our security measures include industry-standard physical, technical and administrative measures to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information, to maintain data accuracy, to ensure the appropriate use of information, and otherwise safeguard your Personal Information. We restrict access to your non-public Personal Information to those employees and third parties who need such information to provide products or Services.
Please recognize that protecting your Personal Information is also your responsibility. We ask you to be responsible for safeguarding your password, secret questions and answers and other authentication information you use to access our Services.
6.	Our Retention Periods
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as is necessary in order to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We may retain some of your Personal Information for a longer period insofar as it may be necessary to defend or prosecute any legal claim. Generally, your Personal Information is held for the duration of your subscription plus six (6) years for the purposes of managing your account, after which time it may be deleted or aggregated so that it no longer directly identifies you.
If you send us correspondence, including emails and faxes, we retain such information electronically in the records of your account. We will also electronically retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from ampm to you. We retain these records to measure and improve our customer service and to investigate potential fraud and violations. We may, over time, delete these records as permitted by law.
7.	Third-Party Websites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites. This Policy does not apply to those third-party sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of any other sites that you visit as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites.
8.	Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from, children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to fill out our forms or send any Personal Information about yourself to us. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will take steps to delete such information from our files.
9.	Notice for California Residents
This section applies only to California residents. Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), below is a summary for the last twelve (12) months of the Personal Information categories, as identified and defined by the CCPA (see California Civil Code section 1798.140 (o)), that we collect, the reason we collect the Personal Information, where we obtain the Personal Information, and the third parties that we may share the Personal Information.
Personal Information Categories Collected. We generally collect the following categories of Personal Information when you use our Services:
identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device’s IP address, software, and identification numbers associated with your devices;
commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you;
Internet or other electronic information regarding you browsing history, search history, the webpage visited before you came to our Site, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information;
your geolocation, to the extent you have configured your device to permit us to collect such information;
audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law; and
inferences about your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitudes.
We generally do not collect protected classifications about our users, biometric information, professional or employment-related information, or education-related information. For more information about the Personal Information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to sections 1 and 2 above.
Purposes for Processing Personal Information. We collect your Personal Information for the business purposes described in section 3. The CCPA defines a “business purpose” as the use of Personal Information for the business’s operational purposes, or other notified purposes, provided the use of Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the Personal Information was collected.
The following activities are considered “business purposes” under the CCPA: auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, and auditing compliance with laws and other standards; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information; repairing errors that impair existing intended functionality; Internal research for technological development; verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of, and improving, upgrading, or enhancing, a service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by the company.
Third Party Sharing. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your Personal Information are listed above in section 4, above.
Privacy Rights. If you are a California resident, you have rights in relation to your Personal Information; however, your rights are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, BPPNA cannot disclose specific pieces of Personal Information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the Personal Information, your account with us or the security of our network systems.
Right Against Discrimination. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, delete or opt-out of sales.
Right to Know. You have the right to request in writing: (i) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e–mail address, that a business has disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (ii) the names and addresses of all such third parties. In addition, you have the right to request: (i) the categories of personal information we have collected about you, (ii) the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, (iii) the business or commercial purpose for the information collection, (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information, and (v) the specific pieces of personal information we hold about an individual. You have the right to request a copy of the specific Personal Information we collected about you during the 12 months before your request.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request us delete any Personal Information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.
To assert your right to know or your right to delete your Personal Information, please contact us by phone at +1 800 333 3991 or by email at consumerprivacy@bp.com. To confirm your identity, we may ask you to verify Personal Information we already have on file for you. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
Right to Opt-Out of Selling. You have the right to opt-out of having your Personal Information sold. We do not sell your Personal Information. The CCPA broadly defines “personal information” and “selling” such that sharing identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a sale. In 2019, we were sharing identifiers and inferences about you with our partners, third parties and affiliates in such a way that, under the CCPA, may be defined as selling. As noted above, you have the right to know the categories of Personal Information that we sold about you and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information.
Shine the Light Law. If you are a California resident you may request a notice from us describing what categories of Personal Information (if any) we have shared with third parties, including our corporate affiliates, for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. You may request such notice once a year and free of charge. To request a notice, please contact us as consumerprivacy@bp.com In your request, please specify that you want a “California Privacy Rights Notice.” We will respond to you with thirty (30) days or as permitted by law.
10.	Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding any information in this Policy, please contact us by phone at +1 800 333 3991 or by email at consumerprivacy@bp.com. You can also contact us by mail at BP Products North America Inc., Attn: Privacy Matters, 30 S Wacker Dr # 900, Chicago, IL 60606.
Store locator
ENOUGH MUMBO JUMBO. FIND FOOD.
ZIP Code or City, State
Invalid Address or Zip
Use My Location
Enter your search term and hit enter to search the site or hit escape key to close
May We Suggest?
21+ Products
Alcohol and other tobacco products
Offers
The latest deals and offers just for you
Scratch Power
The app that could win you incredible prizes
LOOKING FOR A STORE?
SEARCH HERE INSTEAD
Use My Location
Cookie Notification
We have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise, we’ll assume you’re OK to continue.