http://www.miragegreens.com/index.php/privacy-policy
HomeSynthetic GrassPutting GreensAbout UsNewsContact Us
Privacy Policy
Mirage Waterless Grass & Putting Greens understands that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust that we will do so responsibly. By visiting this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. This notice describes our Privacy Policy.What personal information about customers does this site gather?The information we gather from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at this site. Following are the types of information we gather:Information You Give Us:We receive and store any information you enter on our site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, communicating with you, customizing your future shopping with us, and improving our stores.Automatic Information:We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses this site. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at this site if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist. Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.What are cookies?Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features in the purchasing process, personalized greetings, and storage of items in your shopping cart between visits. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of this site's innovative features and we recommend that you leave them turned on.Does this site share the information it receives?Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Our Mirage Turf is exclusively manufactured to our proprietary specifications, such as: fiber design, fiber color, tufting density and weight, and backings. We accomplish this with a strategic alliance with our specialized manufacturing partners.
Privacy PolicySite MapBlogContact Us
Copyright © 2020 Mirage Waterless Grass. All Rights Reserved.
Designed & Developed by: Mogul Pro Media
</html