https://www.unbank.com/privacy-policy/
skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice accurately summarizes our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, retention, and security of nonpublic personal information concerning those customers of ours who obtain a financial product or service from us that is to be used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.
Download a copy of our Privacy Notice in pdf format
Privacy Policy for UNB Website
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
1. If you visit our site to read information, such as consumer brochures or press releases.
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
2. If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail.
You also may decide to send us personally-identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message. We will use that information to respond to the inquiry and provide accurate information of any questions. We will not use such information beyond the basis for the inquiry. We will not forward any such information to any third party unless required to do so by law.
We want to be very clear: we will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
Protect Yourself Against E-mail Fraud
Internet “phishing” scams are one of the fastest-growing frauds today. Phishing typically involves a bogus e-mail message that uses legitimate material, such as a company’s Web site graphics and logos, in an attempt to entice e-mail recipients to provide personal financial details, such as credit card and Social Security numbers.
Please know that UNB employees will never ask you for your access ID, password, or any other personal identification information in an email. If you receive such a request that appears to be from UNB, please contact our office immediately at 785-841-1988.
UNB is here to help you accomplish your home ownership needs. Get a free pre-qualification today!
Apply Now