http://www.healthcomp.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
HealthComp, LLC values its visitors’ privacy. This privacy policy is effective September 1, 2018 and summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will not do with it.
Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that HealthComp does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by HealthComp. If you visit a Website that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.
What we do with your personally identifiable information
HealthComp, LLC values its visitors’ privacy. This privacy policy is effective September 1, 2018 and summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will not do with it.It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services. “Personally identifiable information” means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as, for example:
your name, email address, phone number, billing address, and shipping address
your user ID and password
any account-preference information you provide us
your computer’s domain name and IP address, indicating where your computer is located on the Internet
session data for your login session, so that our computer can ‘talk’ to yours while you are logged in
If you do provide personally identifiable information to us, either directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:
not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission. We may use your contact information to provide you with information we believe you need to know or may find useful, such as (for example) news about our services and products and modifications to the Terms of Service;
take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction;
not use or disclose the information except:
as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered, such as (for example) by providing it to a carrier to deliver products you have ordered;
in other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations);
as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of HealthComp, its users, or others; this may include (for example) exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction.
Other information we collect
We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such as (for example) the domain name and IP address of your computer. We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of our Website(s); research and development; customer-and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing efforts more precisely.
Cookies
HealthComp uses “cookies” to store data on your computer. We also use 3rd party vendors that may store “cookies” on your computer for analytical purposes. If you set up your Web browser (for example, Chrome or Firefox) so that cookies are not allowed, you might not be able to use some or all of the features of our Website.
External data storage sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Your privacy responsibilities
To help protect your privacy, be sure:
not to share your user ID or password with anyone else;
to log off the HealthComp Website when you are finished;
to take customary precautions to guard against “malware” (viruses, Trojan horses, bots, etc.), for example by installing and updating suitable anti-virus software.
Information collected from children
You must be at least 13 years old to use HealthComp’s Website and services. HealthComp does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. (See the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.)
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary or appropriate because of legal compliance requirements or changes in our business practices. If you have provided us with an email address, we will endeavor to notify you, by email to that address, of any material change to how we will use personally identifiable information.
Questions or comments?
If you have questions or comments about HealthComp’s privacy policy, send an email to hconline@healthcomp.com.
Thank you for choosing HealthComp!
Interested in HealthComp's services?
Have a sales representative contact you.
Request a Demo
×
Thank you for signing up!
Please check the "I'm not a robot" box before submitting
×
Request a Demo
Have questions about whether HealthComp is right for your organization?
Enter your contact information and one of our representatives will be in touch.
For all support-related inquiries, please contact our Customer Service department at 1-800-442-7247.
Name
Company Name
Contact Number
Email
Message (optional)
×
This form is for sales inquiries only. If you are a member and have a question on your health plan, please contact our Customer Service department at 1-800-442-7247.
OK
x
Coronavirus Update: Extended Deadlines for Health Plans
On April 28, 2020 the Department of Labor (DOL), Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Treasury Department issued a joint notice extending certain timelines for plan participants and beneficiaries to make critical health coverage and other decisions affecting benefits due to COVID-19. In general, as related to health care, the joint notice affects COBRA, special enrollment, claims, appeals and external reviews.
Click here for a brief overview of how the guidance impacts ERISA plans.
Click here for a brief overview of how the guidance impacts ERISA plans.