https://www.carvilleplastics.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Home > Privacy
Privacy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
We take your privacy and protecting the data we hold very seriously.  This privacy and cookie policy details Carville’s commitments and compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU GDPR regulation. Please note that this policy covers your personal information held by Carville Ltd.
Your personal information
We will only collect information from you when necessary to communicate with you or to ensure we can provide a service to you primarily using the legal basis of Legitimate Business Interests or by Contract should we enter into a legal contract to provide goods and services. When we do collect this data, it is done so and stored using secure and encrypted methods only.
When using your personal information, we do so in a fair and secure way. We will never share it with any other party or use it in a way you didn’t agree to. Additionally, we’ll only use your personal information for direct marketing along with those specified, and you agreed to when you provided your information to us. On the rare occasion that we do use your data, we will only share with our employees, contractors and agents, where necessary, to fulfil a valid purpose, in line with your original agreement with us. We will store your personal information for ten years, at which point we will either contact you to ask for your permission to continue holding your personal information or delete it.
You are entitled to request a copy of all your personal information we hold, free of charge. To make a request, please email your name along with any email addresses you use to dataprotection@carville.co.uk and we will be in touch. You will also have the opportunity to update, withdraw consent or ask us to remove some or all of your personal information we hold.
Your right to be forgotten
Along with your right to ask for a copy of all your personal information we hold, you can request that we remove all of your personal information from our records, free of charge. Simply send your full name and email address to  dataprotection@carville.co.uk, and we’ll find and remove all of your data. You will receive a message from us confirming receipt of your request, as well as confirmation once your data has been removed.
Your right to complain
If you are not completely satisfied with the way your data has been handled by Carville Ltd, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK.
For more information on the ICO, please visit: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Notification of changes
We will notify you of any updates to our website terms and conditions or privacy policy when you next visit the site.
Cookie Policy
To provide you with the best possible on-site experience, we place small text files, often known as ‘cookies’ on your computer or device.
The cookies we use anonymously track user actions, feeding into our site analytics, which allow us to learn how to improve the user experience on the carville website. This information may include the URL from which you arrived, the next URL you may visit, what browser you are using, and your IP address.
You can choose to browse our site without cookies by switching them off in your browser. To do this, use the help function in your browser, but please be aware that this will affect your ability to use our mapping tools, and may prevent you from being able to use other sites.
Cookies
We use the following cookies on our site:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Cookie Policy
cookiePolicy
Used to check if the user has accepted the cookie policy
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
_ga
Used to collect anonymous information about how visitors use our site. This information is used to compile reports to help us improve the site.
This information may include the URL from which you arrived, the next URL you may visit, what browser you are using, and your IP address.
Disclaimer
Carville Ltd makes no warranties or representations of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on this website for any purpose. All such information is provided “as is”, and with specific disclaimer of any warranties of merchantability, fitness for purpose, title and/or non-infringement. Carville Ltd makes no warranties or representations of any kind that the services provided by this website will be uninterrupted, error-free or that the web site or the server that hosts the website are free from viruses or other forms of harmful computer code. In no event shall carville Ltd, its employees or agents be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages resulting from the use of this website. This exclusion and limitation only applies to the extent permitted by law and is without prejudice to any Carville Ltd express provisions to the contrary in any written license or subscription agreement from Carville Ltd, in respect of the use of any online service provided via this website.
Contact us
Tel: +44 (0) 1306 881681Email: sales@carville.co.uk
Contact us
Request a Quote
Need a quote? It's simple to request a quote online. Just provide some basic information about your requirements and upload your drawings.
Request Now
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.Continue