http://www.fastsigns.com/privacy
Skip to Main Content
RETURN TO:
CHANGE
FIND A LOCATION®
Products
Services
Find Solutions
Request a Consultation or Quote
Franchise Opportunities
Worldwide
Blog
Learning Center
My Account
toggle search
Find ideas, solutions, services and more...
SEARCH
PRIVACY NOTICEEffective Date: October 7, 2019Thank you for visiting the FASTSIGNS International, Inc. ("FASTSIGNS", "we", "us", or "our") website located at www.fastsigns.com (collectively "FASTSIGNS Site").This FASTSIGNS Site (“Site”) is operated by FASTSIGNS and exists for the purpose of disseminating information about our company and our FASTSIGNS services and products, and to provide a mechanism for users to order our FASTSIGNS services and products online through our FASTSIGNS Centers, which are owned and operated by independent third party franchisees or other parties. This FASTSIGNS Site is controlled, and all information that you submit through this FASTSIGNS Site is collected, stored, and processed in the United States. If you’re visiting this site from the European Economic Area, please see any of the following sites.https://www.fastsigns.co.uk/https://www.fastsigns.es/This Privacy Notice informs you how FASTSIGNS collects, uses, secures and shares your personally identifiable information (“personal information”as defined under the applicable law) collected by us when you: Visit our website and any website that displays or links to this Privacy Notice;Visit our branded social media pages;Visit our offices;Receive communications from us, including invitations, resources, materials, emails, phone calls, texts or fax; Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars or contests; orAsk questions about our company and our FASTSIGNS® services and products.If you do not feel comfortable with any part of this Privacy Notice, please cease your interactions with FASTSIGNS. Please note we cannot and do not guarantee that independently owned and operated FASTSIGNS Centers will follow the terms of this Privacy Notice. Our Site may include links to other organizations’ websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of FASTSIGNS. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy notices. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy notices of any website you visit. Privacy Notice UpdatesDue to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, we may need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make a change that we believe materially affects how we process your personal information, we will provide notice of such change on this Site or via email. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site will be subject to the then-current Privacy Notice.What We Collect and How We Use ItGenerally, you may visit this Site without providing FASTSIGNS or its affiliates with any personal information that specifically identifies you. Except as described in this Privacy Notice, FASTSIGNS will not give, sell, rent or loan any personal information to any third party. We may collect and process the following personal information in the following ways: Information You Voluntarily Provide. We collect personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you only if you voluntarily provide it to us. When you contact or communicate with us, such as when you submit a request to us, fill out contact information, sign up for FASTMAIL (email marketing campaign), subscribe to mailing lists concerning FASTSIGNS or enroll in Make This My FASTSIGNS, submit a Request for Quote, Send a File or choose to participate in a sweepstakes or promotion, we will collect your personally identifiable information that you submit to us in connection with that action to process your request. We may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests and provide you with information about FASTSIGNS. Franchisee Applications: We permit users who are interested in franchise opportunities with FASTSIGNS® to submit franchisee applications online through FASTSIGNS® Sites, http://www.fsfastsigns.com/. If you choose to submit a franchisee application through the FASTSIGNS Site, we will ask you to provide detailed and verifiable information, including your name, your spouse’s name, your contact information, your Social Security Number, and information about your work and professional experience, your educational background and personal and/or business finances. In addition, we will ask for permission to conduct a check regarding your credit history, work experience, criminal records, and general character. If you do not consent, we will not be able to process your application.Cookies & Web Beacons. Please review our Cookie Policy (https://fastsigns.com/cookie-policy) for detailed information on Cookies and Web Beacons. Log Data. When you interact with us, we may record information from your device, its software, and your activity using the website (“Log Data”). The FASTSIGNS Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, IP addresses, computer and browser type, version and domain, dates and times of use of each page of our Site, and any third party website from which you were transferred to this Site. We may analyze data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but this information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. This aggregate information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We may use this aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and to improve FASTSIGNS Sites.How We Use Personal InformationYour personal information may be used for the following purposes:(a)	Respond to Requests. We may process your personal information when you contact us, such as with questions, concerns, feedback, disputes or issues, to respond to your request or provide information requested by you. We share this information with third parties upon your request, or our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to respond to your requests. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of our Site.(b)	Ensure the Security of the Service. We are committed to ensuring your safety and continued enjoyment of our Site. To do so, we may process your personal information to help monitor, prevent and detect fraud, enhance security, monitor and verify identity or access, and combat spam or other malware or security risks. combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; improve and enforce our security measures; and to monitor the security of our Site. (c)	Facilitate and Evaluate Use of the Online Properties. We may use your personal information to provide you with the online services, to facilitate your use of the online services (such as facilitating navigation, preserving information between sessions and enhancing security), to improve quality, to evaluate page response rates and determine content.(d)	Improve the Accuracy of our Records. We may use the personal information we receive from you to better understand you and/or maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you.(e) Personalize your Experience. We may provide you plugins, and other options to personalize your experience. We also may use cookies and similar tracking technology for such purposes. By personalizing our interactions, you can more easily use our Site because we keep track of your preferences (e.g. your language selection, your time zone, etc.). (f)	Marketing. We may use the information we obtain from you, your interactions with FASTSIGNS and the Site to provide you with marketing and promotional communications, to deliver targeted and relevant advertising and marketing to you, to determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns, to better understand you and your preferences, and to position and promote our Services. Our marketing will be conducted in accordance with your advertising/marketing preferences and as permitted by applicable law.(h)	Quality Control and Training. FASTSIGNS may use or access personal information for the purposes of quality control related to the website and staff training.(i)	Conferences and Events. FASTSIGNS may use personal information to communicate with you about our events or our partner events. After the event, FASTSIGNS may contact you about the event and related products and services, and may share information about your attendance with your company and our conference sponsors and partners, where legally permitted to do so. If a partner or conference sponsor directly requests your personal information at their conference booths or presentations, your personal information will be handled in accordance with their privacy practices. We recommend that you review the privacy practices of such partners and sponsors.If, in the future, we use your personal information in any way that is not described in this Privacy Notice, we will disclose this to you. At that time, you can choose not to allow us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the website may not be available to you, and we may not be able to interact with you.Information Sharing and Disclosure
We only disclose your personal information to those who really need access to perform their tasks and third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We may share personal information with third parties in the following situations: (a)	Service Providers, Business Partners and Others. We may share your personal information with third parties, such as our offices, affiliates, FASTSIGNS® Center franchisees, service providers, consultants, agents. Examples include vendors and service providers who help with marketing, data analysis and insight, technical support and customer service. Unless described in this Privacy Notice, we do not share, sell, rent, or trade any of your personal information with third parties for their own promotional purposes. (b)	Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of FASTSIGNS’s Rights. We may use or disclose personal information about you to third parties when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with a law, regulation or legal requests including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of FASTSIGNS or its users; or (d) protect FASTSIGNS’s property rights.(c)	Vital Interests. We may disclose information when we believe it necessary to protect the vital interests of any person.(d)	Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your personal information, or if either become subject to a different Privacy Notice. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information.(e)	With Your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any purpose with your consent.Transfer of Personal DataWe may transfer the personal information that you provide to us to our offices, affiliates, FASTSIGNS® Center franchisees, and service providers in the United States and throughout the world. Also, your personal information to us, your personal information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases in the United States and throughout the world. However, we can, and will ask our franchisees and service providers to, use, store and otherwise process your information collected through any FASTSIGNS® Site in accordance with this Privacy Notice regardless of where it is transferred. If you do not want personal information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use this Site. Children's PrivacyFASTSIGNS recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. No personally identifiable information is collected by us from children under the age of 18 and this Site is not intended for children under the age of 18. FASTSIGNS does not target its services or this Site to children under 18. FASTSIGNS does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18.SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us. We follow procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice that are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We utilize industry-standard SSL technology to allow for the encryption of all franchisee applications submitted on a FASTSIGNS Site. However, since no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Marketing Opt Out and ChoiceIf you sign up to receive marketing or informational announcements from us, such emails will include the capability to opt-out of receiving such emails in the future. Marketing and informational announcements include any communications to you that are only based on advertising or promoting products and services. Controlling or Changing Your InformationYou may review, change, or request the deletion of your contact information and preferences at any time by:Emailing us at: privacy@fastsigns.com, orWriting us at: FASTSIGNS International, Inc.Attention: Privacy Team2542 Highlander WayCarrollton, TX 75006However, to the extent that corrected or deleted information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will immediately reach the other databases. Some information may be retained for longer periods as required by law, contracts or auditing requirements.Do Not Track Disclosure (DNT)DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies, and regulators to develop a DNT technology standard. While some progress has been made, it has been slow. No standard has been adopted to this date. As such, FASTSIGNS does not generally respond to “do not track” signals.California Privacy DisclosureCalifornia's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@fastsigns.com.Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), FASTSIGNS provides you with the rights described below. To exercise your rights described below, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either calling us at 214.346.5710 or emailing us at privacy@fastsigns.com. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. Your verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information that allows FASTSIGNS to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Right to Access and Portability. You have the right to request information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.Right to Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.Do Not Sell My Personal Information. We currently do not sell any personal information.
If this changes in the future, we will update this notice to reflect that change. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact FASTSIGNS at privacy@fastsigns.com or send physical mail to: FASTSIGNS International, Inc.Attention: Privacy Team2542 Highlander WayCarrollton, TX 75006Attn: Privacy
Find aLOCATION
Get aQUOTE
Read theBLOG
IDEABOOK