https://www.xpressdocs.co.uk/document-management/privacy-policy/
X
Home Solutions
Accounts Payable Automation Contract Management Desktop as a Service Enterprise Content Management HR Management
Services
Document Management Consultancy Document Scanning Secure Document Storage Document Shredding
News Contact Us
Connect via LinkedIn Connect via Twitter Connect via Facebook
CALL US: 03330 119 556
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
READ MORE...
OUR WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Explained
This website privacy policy describes how Xpress Document Solutions Limited protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use this website. If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy. This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page. This website privacy policy was updated on: 10th May 2018 If you have any questions about this policy, please email: info@www.xpressdocs.co.uk or write to: Xpress Document Solutions Limited, 47 Charlcote Crescent, Crewe, Cheshire, CW2 6UH.
BACKGROUND: Xpress Document Solutions Limited understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, https://www.xpressdocs.co.uk/ (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.   Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately. 1 – Definitions and Interpretation In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account” means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
“Cookie” means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 13, below;
“Cookie Law” means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
“personal data” means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to Us via Our Site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and
“We/Us/Our” means Xpress Document Solutions Limited, a limited company registered in England under company number 08803184, whose registered address is No. 47 Charlcote Crescent, Crewe, Cheshire, CW2 6UH.
2 – Information About Us 2.1: Our Site is owned and operated by Xpress Document Solutions Limited, a limited company registered in England under company number 08803184, whose registered address is 47 Charlcote Crescent, Crewe, Cheshire, CW2 6UH 2.2:  We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under registration reference ZA277585
3 – What Does This Policy Cover? This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4 – Your Right 4.1: As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold: 4.1.1 – The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data; 4.1.2 – The right of access to the personal data We hold about you (see section 12); 4.1.3 – The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section 14); 4.1.4 – The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in section 14); 4.1.5 – The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data; 4.1.6 – The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation); 4.1.7 – The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and 4.1.8 – Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling. 4.2: If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using the details provided in section 14 and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office. 4.3: For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
5 – What Data Do We Collect? Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data (please also see section 13 on Our use of Cookies and similar technologies: 5.1: name; 5.2: business/company name 5.3: job title; 5.4: profession; 5.5: contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers; 5.6: IP address; 5.7: web browser type and version; 5.8: operating system;
6 – How Do We Use Your Data? 6.1: All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times. For more details on security see section 7, below. 6.2: Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for the following purposes: 6.2.1 – Supplying Our products and/or services to you (please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you); 6.2.2 – Personalising and tailoring Our products and/or services for you; 6.2.3 – Replying to emails from you; 6.2.4 – Supplying you with emails that you have opted into (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time; 6.2.5 – Market research; 6.2.6 – Analysing your use of Our Site to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience; 6.3: With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email or telephone or post with information, news and offers on Our products or services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003. 6.4: You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it. 6.5: We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Data will therefore be retained for the following periods (or its retention will be determined on the following bases): 6.5.1 – Non-personal data will be automatically purged from our systems 14 months from collection; and 6.5.2 – Personal data will be retained for a duration of no longer than 6 months from the last contact date.
7 – How and Where Do We Store Your Data? 7.2: Some or all of your data may be stored outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR 7.3: Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
8 – Do We Share Your Data? 8.1: Subject to section 8.2, We will not share any of your data with any third parties for any purposes. 8.2: In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal obligations, a court order, or a governmental authority 8.3: We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law. 8.4: We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data that can be combined with other data and used to identify you. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law. 8.5: In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
9 – What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands? 9.1: We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by Us. 9.2: In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes. When contacted you will be given the choice to have your data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.
10 – How Can You Control Your Data? 10.1: In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in section 4, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your. 10.2: You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
11 – Your Right to Withhold Information 11.1: You may access Our Site without providing any data at all. 11.2: You may restrict Our use of Cookies. For more information, see section 13.
12 – How Can You Access Your Data? You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the GDPR, no fee is payable and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge. Please contact Us for more details at info@xpressdocs.co.uk, or using the contact details below in section 14.
13 – Our Use of Cookies Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services. By using Our Site you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third party Cookies are used on Our Site for search engine optimisation. In addition, Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google, which also use Cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling Us to better understand how people use Our Site.
14 – Contacting Us If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at info@xpressdocs.co.uk, by telephone on 03330 1195 556, or by post at No. 47 Charlcote Crescent, Crewe, CW2 6UH. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 12, above).
15 – Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.