https://www.mexmast.co.uk/privacy-policy
skip to Main Content
Website privacy policy
This website is operated by Mexmast Limited. We take your privacy very seriously therefore we urge to read this policy very carefully because it contains important information about on:
who we are,
how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information,
your rights in relation to your personal information, and
how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event that you have a complaint.
Who we are
Mexmast Limited (‘we’ or ‘us’) collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data protection Regulations which apply across the European Union (including the United Kingdom) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
The personal information we collect and use
a) Personal information you provide to us
We collect the following personal information that you provide to us: Your name, email address, contact details
Some examples of when we collect this information include: When sending us contact information
b) Personal information you provide about third parties
If you give us information about another person, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on their behalf and agreed that you:
shall consent on their behalf to the processing of their personal data;
shall receive any data protection notices on their behalf; and
shall consent on their behalf to the transfer of their personal data abroad.
c) Monitoring and recording communications
We may monitor communications such as emails and telephone calls for the following purposes: to check Web traffic
How we use your personal information
We collect information about our users for the following purposes: To identify you and maanage any accounts you hold with us
Who your information may be shared with
We may share your information with: Law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity
We will not share you personal information with any other 3rd parties.
Whether personal information has to be provided by you, and if so why
No personal information has to be provided by you to us at any time.
How long your personal information will be kept
We will hold your personal information for the following periods: indefinitely
These periods are no longer than necessary in each case.
Reasons we can collect and use your personal information
We rely on the following as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal information:
Keeping your information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We will also use technological and organisation measures to keep your information secure.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Indeed, while we will use all reasonable efforts to secure your personal data, in using the site you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us using the details below.
Transfers of your information out of the EEA
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the EEA at any time.
What rights do you have?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individual’s rights under the General Data Protection Regulations (http://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/)
If you would like to exercise any of these rights please:
email, call or write to us
let us have enough information to identify you
let us have proof of your identity (a copy of your driving license, passport or a recent credit card/utility bill)
let us know the information to which your request relates
From time to time we may also have other methods to unsubscribe (opt-out) from any direct marketing including for example, unsubscribe buttons or web links. If such are offered, please note that there may be some period after selecting to unsubscribe in which marketing may still be received while your request is being processed.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Changes to the privacy policy
This privacy policy was published on 23rd May 2019 and last updated on 23rd May 2019.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this policy or the information we hold about you, please contact us by:
e-mail:sales@mexmast.co.uk
Post:
Mexmast Ltd
Jubiulee Road
Burgess Hill
RH15 9TL
or
Telephone: 01444 247197
We may record calls for quality and training purposes.
Our data protection officer is Mr Wayne Penfold.
Cookie Policy for Mexmast
This is the Cookie Policy for Mexmast, accessible from https://www.mexmast.co.uk
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; {List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. This Cookies Policy was created with the help of the Cookies Policy Template Generator and the Terms and Conditions Template.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: sales@mexmast.co.uk
HOW CAN WE DO THE HEAVY LIFTING FOR YOU TODAY?
CALL US ON 01444 247 197
Get In Touch
© Copyright Mexmast 2020 // Site by Action Studio
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
AcceptRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Contact us