http://www.urac.org/terms-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Please read these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) prior to using our website or affiliated services. This Terms of Use contains the legal terms and conditions that govern your use of and access to www.urac.org and any related or local sites (the “Site”) and our Agents, Portals and Software (defined below as “Services”), Documentation, and Content.
PLEASE SCROLL DOWN AND READ THESE TERMS OF USE IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE USING THE SITE OR SERVICES. BY USING THE SITE OR SERVICES, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE THE SITE OR SERVICES.
URAC may revise and update these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued usage of the Site and/or Services will mean you accept those changes.
NO MEDICAL ADVICE OR LEGAL ADVICE
The Content provided on the Site and Services are not intended to and shall not be used as medical advice or legal advice. The content on the Site and Services is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment, or for professional legal advice. Use such content on the Site and Services at your own risk.
DISCLAIMERS & WARRANTIES
The Content provided on the Site and Services is for informational and non-commercial purposes only. Access to and use of the Site, Services and Content are available on an “AS-IS” and “AS-AVAILABLE” basis. URAC specifically disclaims any representations or warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, any representations or warranties for merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, omissions, completeness, and delays; warranties that access to any product will be uninterrupted, secure, complete, or error free; and warranties as to the life of any URL or third-party website.
You acknowledge and agree under continued use of the Site and Services that URAC is not providing medical advice or other health care services and in no event shall be liable to any party for any act or failure to act relating thereto, in addition to any limitation of liability provisions contained in these Terms of Use.
In no event will URAC be liable, in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind arising out of, or in connection with use of the Site or Services. Additionally, URAC shall not be liable, in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any claim relating to any way to a customer’s inability or failure to satisfy, comply, or meet the Site or Service requirements or other work nor shall URAC be liable for any decision made or action taken by a customer in reliance upon the availability of or content made available through the Site or Service and any reports.
No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of that right. The waiver of any breach or provision of these Terms of Use will not be deemed a waiver of any different or subsequent breach.
CONTENT GUIDELINES
Although URAC does its best to ensure each URAC-accredited organization conducts its operations in a manner consistent with URAC standards, URAC cannot, does not, and will not endorse, guarantee, warrant or recommend any specific organization, company, product or service discussed or advertised on the Site or Services or linked to from the Site or Services.
Furthermore, we, along with our Affiliates, Officers, Directors, Employees, Agents, Third-Party Content Providers, Merchants, Sponsors, Partners, Licensors and the like, do not make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to the Site, Services, or their Content, including, without limitation, the reliability, truthfulness, accuracy or completeness of the Content.
Unless otherwise stated expressly, any opinion, view or idea expressed, or any content contributed or published by third parties is the author’s own and does not reflect the views of URAC or its Affiliates, Officers, Directors, Employees, Agents, Third-Party Content Providers, Merchants, Sponsors, Partners, Licensors, or the Like.
SITE ACCESS
Access to and use of the Site, Services and Content is an acknowledgment that there is a potential of some human and machine errors, delays, and interruptions. URAC does not warrant that the functions contained in the website will be secure, complete, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components or that the website will otherwise meet your needs or expectations. URAC does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of or the result of the use of the material in this website in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our website for any reconstruction of any lost data. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
USAGE RIGHTS
URAC Accreditations and Services are licensed, not sold. Use herein of the word “purchase” in conjunction with licenses of Accreditations and Services shall not imply a transfer of ownership. You acknowledge and agree that, as between you and URAC, all right, title and interest, including all copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, intellectual property (including but not limited to algorithms and business processes) and other proprietary rights, arising out of or relating to the provision of the Services belong exclusively to URAC, other than the Client Data. URAC is hereby granted a royalty-free, fully-paid, exclusive, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sub-licensable license to use or incorporate into its products and services any information, data, suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations or other feedback provided by you or its Authorized Users relating to the Services. All rights not expressly granted under these Terms of Use are reserved by URAC.
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, URAC grants to you a personal, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to use the Site and Services solely as permitted under these Terms of Use. In using the Site and Services, you agree to abide by these Terms of Use, as amended from time to time. This is a grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you agree:
Only one individual may access the Service at a time using the same user name or password, unless agreed to otherwise in writing.
You shall not to rearrange, modify, republish, display, reproduce, copy, download, store, transmit, disseminate, transfer or post the Content from the Site or Service onto any other media without the express written consent of URAC.
You shall not create any derivative work based on or containing the Content from the Site or Service. “Spidering” and/or any other automated means to access, copy, index, process and/or store any Content from this website is expressly prohibited.
You shall not attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any of the Services obtained.
You shall not access any part of the Site and/or Services to which you are not authorized; nor shall you attempt to circumvent any restrictions imposed on your use or access of the Content and/or Services.
You shall not use Content in any commercial product or service, including but not limited to, creating public displays, applications, or other products and/or services that use our Content.
You shall not use, intentionally or unintentionally, any Site or Service in a manner contrary to or in violation of any applicable international, national, federal, state or local law, rule or regulation.
You shall not use the Site or Service in any manner that could harm, disable, or otherwise impair any computer systems, including, but not limited to, servers, networks and/or other components connected or used for this website.
You shall not use the Site and/or Services for any unlawful purpose. URAC reserves the right to terminate and/or restrict access to Content and/or a Service if such usage may violate any laws, regulations, and/or rulings, infringe upon another person’s rights or violate these Terms of Use.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by URAC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing and use of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Any unauthorized or prohibited use of the Site and/or Services may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution or both, under applicable federal, state, local laws, or applicable foreign laws, rules, regulations and treaties.
REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
In order to obtain access to the Client-only portions of the Site or Services, such as AccreditNet or ParityManager™, you must be a currently accredited organization of URAC and insert your username and password. By registering and/or creating an account, you agree to provide accurate and complete information and to inform us of any changes to that information. Each registration is for a single user and computer only, unless otherwise expressly provided in the registration process and instructions.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You agree to immediately notify us in the event that (i) your account is lost or stolen, or (ii) you become aware of any unauthorized use of your account or of any other breach of security that might affect the Site or Service. URAC is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the provisions of this section.
TERMINATION
You acknowledge and agree that URAC may terminate your access privileges without notice to you for any reason, including without limitation, if (i) you do not use the Site or Service for what URAC, in its sole discretion, deems to be an extended period of time, (ii) URAC believes that you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use, and/or (iii) you have otherwise acted in any manner that URAC deems objectionable. You agree that any termination of your access to the Site or Service shall not result in any liability or other obligation of URAC to you or any third party in connection with such termination.
You shall not deliberately or knowingly transmit over or through the Site or Service any information, data or property, such as a virus, bug, worm, or Trojan horse, that could be disruptive to the Site, Service, or to the systems of URAC or any third party that accesses the Site or Service. At no time shall you use the Site or Service in any illegal or otherwise proscribed manner. URAC reserves the right to disqualify anyone, terminate access privileges, and contact legal authorities (including law enforcement) if it should discover a violation of these terms.
DISTRIBUTION OF SERVICES
Subject to these Terms of Use and your Contract or Agreement, URAC shall provide certain Services as well as user Documentation on the use of the Service to you and certain individuals or entities that are authorized to use the Service ("Authorized Users"). URAC hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sub-licensable right and license to access and use the Service and Documentation during the Term (defined in your Contract or Agreement) subject to these Terms of Use and your Contract or Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any installation guide or end user documentation not prepared or provided by URAC; any online community site; feedback; or other online or informal forum does not constitute Documentation.
The Services is provided to you “AS-IS” without indemnification, support, or warranty of any kind, express or implied.
PAYMENT FOR SERVICES
All orders placed will be considered final. Fees will be due and payable as set forth on the Site or otherwise conveyed to you during the order process. If you fail to pay in accordance with the payment terms, URAC shall be entitled, at its sole discretion, (i) to suspend provision of the order temporarily until you fulfill your pending obligations or (ii) to terminate the Contract or Agreement for breach. Unless otherwise stated, all payments made under the Contract or Agreement shall be in United States dollars. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, fees are non-refundable.
CLIENT DATA
URAC agrees that the data and information uploaded by you (or Authorized Users) that is stored or processed via the Site or Service (the “Client Data”) shall be treated as confidential by URAC and shall remain your sole property. You agree that you are responsible for maintaining and protecting backups of all Client Data directly or indirectly processed using the Service and that URAC is not responsible for the failure to store, the loss, or the corruption of Client Data. In the event that URAC is required or ordered to disclose Client Data to a third party pursuant to judicial order or other compulsion of law, if legally permitted, URAC shall take all commercially reasonable steps to provide you with prompt notice of any relevant order or basis for disclosure so as to allow you to take whatever steps you can to object to such compulsory disclosure if you so choose.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY STATED, NEITHER URAC NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, MERCHANTS, SPONSORS, PARTNERS, LICENSORS, OR THE LIKE, WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SITE, SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS PROVIDED HEREUNDER. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COMPENSATORY, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME OR PROFIT, LOSS OR DAMAGES TO PROPERTY, AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES. URAC’S LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF YOUR COST, IF ANY, OF FEES TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICE.
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Site and Services are protected by copyright laws, intellectual property laws and other laws of the United States and international laws and treaties. You agree that you shall use the Site and/or Services and shall perform all obligations under these Terms of Use in a manner that complies with all applicable laws applicable to you and your use of the Site and/or Services and published documentation, including, but not limited to, any and all contractual, statutory, or common law rights and obligations and applicable restrictions concerning copyright and intellectual property rights.
All copyright protection of the Content on the Site and Services extends to text and graphics, the selection, arrangement and presentation of all materials, including but not limited to the description of the URAC accreditation process, the URAC accreditation standards, URAC’s official interpretations of its accreditation standards, and the overall design of the Site and Services. All rights are reserved and content may not be reproduced, copied, transmitted, downloaded, distributed, modified, sold, licensed, published, broadcast, displayed, disseminated, or transferred in any form or by any means, and no derivate works of any such content may be created, except with the prior written permission of URAC or as otherwise expressly permitted herein.
You agree not to decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to misappropriate any software (including but not limited to source code) contained in or used with the Site or Services. You agree not to publish, copy, reproduce, redistribute, download, disseminate, transmit, broadcast, publicly display, sell, license, transfer, create any derivative work from, or commercially exploit, any such information, or link to or from, adapt or alter the Site or Services in any manner, without prior written consent of URAC or as otherwise expressly permitted herein. Furthermore, the names, trademarks, service marks, and logos used on this Site and/or the Services are the property of URAC, its affiliates, content providers, sponsors, partners and/or vendors, and you agree not to use any such name, mark or logo in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate the sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service, without prior written consent of the owner of such name, mark or logo. In addition, you may not remove or alter, or cause to be removed or altered, any copyright, trade name, trademark, service mark, logo or any other proprietary notice or legend appearing on this Site.
THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Entities and individuals who believe that their intellectual property rights have been infringed by unauthorized use of their protected works, names, trademarks or logos appearing on this Site may contact URAC at 202-216-9010 or e-mail us at communications@urac.org and request that the infringing materials be removed or that access to it be blocked. URAC will use reasonable efforts to investigate complaints, and to take any action that it, in its sole discretion, believes is appropriate under the circumstances.
USE OF LINKED SITES
The links to any non-URAC owned web sites, if any, are provided only as a convenience to you and do not constitute any endorsement of the linked web sites or of any information, services or products that are provided or offered by the linked web sites. You agree that you use any linked web sites entirely at your own risk. You are encouraged to review the terms of use of the linked web sites as you may be subject to such terms of use. Because some web sites employ automated search results or otherwise link you to web sites containing information that may be deemed inappropriate or offensive, we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in third-party web sites, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against URAC with respect to such web sites. Further, we explicitly disclaim any responsibility for any product or service, or the accuracy, content or availability of information found on other web sites that contain links to our site.
INDEMNIFICATION
By visiting and using the Site and/or Service, you signify your agreement to hold URAC, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, merchants, sponsors, partners, licensors, or the like, harmless from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Use.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed unlawful, unenforceable, or void, then that provision shall be seemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect the remaining provisions’ validity and enforceability.
APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION AND VENUE
URAC makes no representation that the content on the Site or Services is appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations outside the United States. Those who choose to access the Site or Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Any claim relating to the Site, Services, or Content shall be governed by the internal laws of the District of Columbia, without reference to its choice of law provisions. If there is a dispute between you and us, you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction and venue reside in the federal courts located in Washington, D.C.
PRIVACY
Use of this Site is also governed by our Privacy Notice, which is incorporated into this Terms of Use by this reference.
CHANGES TO TERMS OF USE
URAC reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms of Use at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless URAC advises you otherwise. Your continued use of the services and/or the Site after the Terms of Use have been amended shall be deemed to be your continued acceptance of the Terms of Use, as amended. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then current Terms of Use because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms of Use may be superseded by legal notices or terms located on pages of this Site.
These Terms of Use were created on April 21, 2008 and last modified on January 17, 2020.
Request a Quote
Request a Quote