http://www.velux.co.uk/our-company/privacy-policy
Product registration
Find an installer
Where to buy
Brochures
Contact Us
VELUX Privacy Policy
The VELUX Group respects and protects your privacy. In the following, you can read about how we handle your personal data.
This VELUX Privacy Statement (‘VELUX Privacy Statement’) describes the treatment of data provided on or collected at our digital platforms, which gives a visitor the possibility to access our online presence and use our services. This VELUX Privacy Statement complies with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (‘GDPR’) and the Danish Law. Our parent company is VELUX A/S registered in Denmark under registration number 30003519 with its registered office at Aadalsvej 99, 2970 Hoersholm, Denmark.
1. Lawful basis for our data processing
When we process personal data in relation to a contract or a potential contract with you, the lawful basis for the processing is that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. If the lawful basis for processing is consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent as mentioned hereafter at any time, but this does not affect the legitimacy of the processing by VELUX A/S prior to your withdrawal of consent. If we share your personal data with law enforcement agencies or other governmental bodies, we share this because we have a legal obligation to do so.
2. Our reason and purpose for collecting personal data
The following are the main categories of data collected by VELUX A/S and the main purposes for collecting the personal data:
2.1 As part of general VELUX business operations
We collect personal data about individuals, customers, suppliers (including third party service providers) and other stakeholders. The data may include an individual’s name, contact details and other information necessary for conducting business with you or your organisation.
2.2 To assist with queries
You may choose to provide us with personal data including your name, e-mail address or other contact details when you contact us by telephone, e-mail, post, our chatbot or by using our digital platforms. This personal data enables us to respond to requests for information on such matters as VELUX products, to arrange a measure and quote for installation of VELUX products, or to arrange for a window to be serviced, or to present claims under the VELUX guarantee. The information may be disclosed to VELUX A/S or other
VELUX sales companies, relevant independent installers or dealers in order for us to assist customers with their enquiry or arrange for services or a quote.
2.3 Customers and prospective customers
We may collect personal data of customers and prospective customers, including name, contact details, payment and credit card details, credit information and other information necessary for us to conduct business with the person or organisation. We may disclose the information to dealers or independent installers and logistic partners to process a customer’s order, including arranging delivery of VELUX products to the customer or assisting with enquiries.
2.4 Business development
The personal data you provide to us and personal data collected at our digital platforms will be used to enhance our consumer insight and drive relevant communication and offers across all touch points you may have with VELUX A/S. Personal data will also be used for product and service development.
2.5 Marketing
Based on your consent, we process your personal data for the purpose of informing you of VELUX business operations, products and services.
For the above purposes, we create marketing, tailored to your preferences and profile which will be based on your contact information, browsing history, sales and subscription service information; such as name, address, e-mail, phone number, purchase history, unique identifiers such as cookieIDs or deviceIDs and tracked browsing history based on these IDs. Please be aware that this list is not exhaustive as we may use any personal information collected in connection with your interactions with VELUX A/S and its websites, mobile applications, products and services. If you do not wish to receive any further information, you can easily and free of charge unsubscribe from our marketing communication anytime. You will find ways to unsubscribe in connection with subscribing to or receiving marketing communication from us. You can also contact us by email or post to unsubscribe, see section 8. If you unsubscribe from receiving marketing communication, we will delete your personal data within two months, unless we process your personal data for other purposes within section 2.1-2.8.
2.6 Visitor and customer surveys
To develop our products and services, we may collect personal data from digital platform visitors or customers as part of surveys. We will only process personal data as part of surveys if you have provided a consent. Likewise, personal data obtained through surveys will only be used for marketing purposes with your consent.
2.7 Prospective employees and contractors
When a person applies for a job or enters into a contract with us, we may collect certain information such as name, contact details, information about working history, educational diplomas, relevant record checks and information about professional interests. This may be collected from the person directly, from a recruitment consultant and from the person’s previous employers and others, including references and publicly available sources. This information is used to inform or assist us in the decision as to whether to make the person an offer of employment or engage the person under a contract.
2.8 To comply with the law
We may collect personal data as required or permitted by the law. Personal as well as non-personal data collected by us is considered confidential and will never be sold or leased to third parties, besides the exceptions mentioned in section 2 and 4.
3. How we collect your personal data
We collect personal data, you provide to us, when you request products, services or information from us, register with us, participate in public forums, use a chatbot or other activities on our digital platforms, respond to customer surveys, or otherwise interact with us. We collect information through various technologies.
We refer to our cookie policy.
3.1 Links to other websites
This website contains links to other websites (such as Facebook, Google+, YouTube, Pinterest) to which this VELUX Privacy Statement does not apply. Please note that we do not endorse other websites and their content. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website you visit.
4. Sharing your data with other companies
Our company is a part of the VELUX Group which operates globally. We may share your personal information internally in the VELUX Group, but only if it is necessary in order to fulfil the purpose of which we are processing your personal data. All entities in the VELUX Group have entered into an Inter-Company Data Processing Agreement that ensures that everyone follows the same procedures when processing personal data, ensuring the same level of security is maintained throughout the Group. We may also share your information with selected third parties including:
· Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors that we work with, for example delivery and customer services, and website support and hosting.
· Technology providers, for example analytics, tracking technologies, targeting and re-targeting technologies and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our platforms.
· Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others, if you have given consent.
· Social networking sites, if required when processing and if you have given your consent
· With other third parties to ensure the safety and security of our customers, to protect our rights and property to comply with legal processes or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
When we cooperate with external service providers, we enter into a data processor agreement concerning the processing of your personal data by the service providers. These service providers are prohibited from using your personal data for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law. Your personal data are stored on servers located in the European Union.
Recipients outside EU: When using or disclosing personal data transferred from the European Union, we abide by the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, we use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission, we adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards, or obtain your consent.
5. Your controls and choices
We provide you with the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your personal data. In accordance with local law, your controls and choices may include:
· You may change your choices in terms of subscriptions, newsletters and alerts
• You may choose whether to receive marketing communications from us about products and services that we think may be of interest to you
• You may choose whether we share your personal data with other companies so they can send you marketing communications about their products and services
• You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers
• You may request access to the personal data which we store on you, to correct inaccurate or incomplete data and in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we store on you to be transferred to another controller, restricted or erased from our records (“Rights of the Individual”). You may also object against our processing of your personal data.
• You may exercise your controls and choices, or request access to your personal data, by contacting Customers Services, the local Privacy Responsible or following instructions provided in communications sent to you. Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal data from you, we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences. If you have any questions regarding the specific personal data about you that we process or retain, please contact Customers Services or the local Privacy Responsible.
We will respond to your request to exercise any of your rights within one month, but we have the right to extend this period with two months. If we extend the response period, we inform you within one month from your request.
6. Data security, integrity and retention
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your personal data are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate recent technology and methods. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your personal data for the length of time needed to fulfil the purposes outlined in this VELUX Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We will routinely refresh the information to ensure we keep it up to date.
7. Changes to this VELUX Privacy Statement
From time to time, we may change this VELUX Privacy Statement to accommodate latest technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. At all times, we will post the most recent version on our digital platforms. We therefore advise you to read the Privacy Statement regularly. Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
8. Comments and questions
If you have a comment or question about this VELUX Privacy Statement, please contact privacy@velux.com. You may file a complaint about the way we process your personal data. You can contact us by using the contact details stated at the end of this Privacy Statement. If a complaint is made, the name and contact details of the complainant must be provided to VELUX A/S. We will investigate the complaint and respond within one month. If you consider that we have failed to resolve the complaint satisfactorily, you may file a
complaint to: Datatilsynet Carl Jacobsens Vej 35 2500 Valby Tel: 33 19 32 00 E-mail: dt@datatilsynet.dk https://www.datatilsynet.dk/
9. Contact details
This website is owned and operated by VELUX A/S. This Privacy Statement was last updated in July 2020.