http://www.patlore.com/terms-%26-conditions
Get started now so you can create a VIDEO lead machine & grow your brand on video
HomeWork with Patconfidence blogPat's show "The Lift"Video ProductionMoreHomeWork with Patconfidence blogPat's show "The Lift"Video ProductionHomeWork with Patconfidence blogPat's show "The Lift"Video ProductionYour Brand on Video Your Brand on Video Your Brand on Video Your Brand on Video
Terms & ConditionsDISCLAIMERThe Company’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimer are hereby incorporated by reference into this agreement. Except as modified by this Agreement, each of those agreements and policies shall apply fully to your participation in the Program.Client understands Pat Lore (herein referred to as “Consultant”) and Pat Lore LLC.,  is not an employee, therapist, agent, financial analyst, lawyer, doctor, manager, public relations or business manager, registered dietician, or financial analyst, psychotherapist or accountant. Client understands that Consultant has not promised, shall not be obligated to and will not; (1) procure or attempt to procure employment or business or sales for Client; (2) perform any business management functions including but not limited to, accounting, tax or investment consulting, or advice with regard thereto; (3) act as a therapist providing psychoanalysis, psychological counseling or behavioral therapy; (4) act as a public relations manager; (5) act as a publicist to procure any publicity, interviews, write-ups, features, television, print or digital media exposure for Client; (6) introduce Client to Consultant’s network of contacts, media partners or business partners. Client understands that a relationship does not exist between the parties after the conclusion of this program. If the Parties wish to continue their relationship, they shall execute a separate agreement.
REFUND POLICYThe Company provides a 14-day money-back guarantee for the four week online program. In order to qualify for a refund you must submit proof that you did the work in the course and it did not work for you. In the event that you decide your purchase was not the right decision, within 14 days of the first module being released, contact our support team at pat@patlore.com and let us know you’d like a refund by the 14th day at 11:59 EST. You must include your coursework with your request for a refund. If you request a refund and do not include your coursework by the 14th day, you will not be granted a refund.CONFIDENTIALITYPat Lore respects the privacy of its clients and will not disclose any information You provide except as set forth in this Agreement. As a condition of participating in the Program, you hereby agree to respect the privacy of other Program participants and to respect Pat Lore's  confidential information.Specifically, you shall not share any information provided by other Program participants outside of the bounds of the Program unless you receive express written permission from such other participant to share the information. Similarly, the content of the Program contains Pat Lore's proprietary methods, processes, forms, templates, and other information. You hereby agree not to share the information provided to You in the Program with anyone.
NO TRANSFER OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYAll content included as part of the Program, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used in the Program, is the property of Pat Lore  or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights.The Pat Lore name, the Pat Lore  logo, the Pat Lore slogan, and all related names,  Own Your Square (TM) logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of Pat Lore  or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of Pat Lore. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans in the Program are the trademarks of their respective owners.Your participation in the Program does not result in a transfer of any intellectual property to You, and, as a condition of participation in the Program, You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other intellectual property protection.You are granted a single-use, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Program content and resources. You hereby agree that You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found in the Program.  Pat Lore  content is not for resale. Your participation in the Program does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your individual use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of Pat Lore  and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Pat Lore or our licensors except as expressly authorized herein.You hereby agree that any infringement of Pat Lore's  intellectual property shall result in an immediate termination of the license granted hereunder. To be clear, if you violate Pat Lore's  intellectual property rights, your access to the Program will be terminated immediately, and you shall not be entitled to a refund of any portion of the fees.
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUSNothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, employment, or agency relationship. Pat Lore is agreeing only to provide Client with access to the Program, which provides education and information. The information contained in the Program, including any interactions with the instructors, is not intended as, and shall not be understood or construed as, professional advice.
FORCE MAJEUREPat Lore  shall not be liable or responsible to You, nor be deemed to have defaulted or breached this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts or circumstances beyond the reasonable control of the Company including, without limitation, acts of God, flood, fire, earthquake, explosion, governmental actions, war, invasion, or hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot, or other civil unrest, national emergency, revolution, insurrection, epidemic, lock-outs, strikes or other labor disputes (whether or not relating to either party’s workforce), or restraints or delays affecting carriers or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials, materials or telecommunication breakdown or power outage.
SEVERABILITY/WAIVERIf any term or provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.MISCELLANEOUSYou agree to absolve and do hereby absolve Pat Lore  of any and all liability or loss that you or any person or entity associated with you may suffer or incur as a result of use of the Program and/or any information and resources contained in the Program. You agree that Pat Lore shall not be liable to you for any type of damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental, equitable, or consequential loss or damages for use of the Program.The information, software, products, and service included or available through the Program may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information in the Program. Pat Lore and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Program at any time.The Company and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services, and related graphics contained in the Program for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services, and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. The Company and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services, and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, or profits arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Program, with the delay or inability to use the Program or related service, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services, and related graphics obtained through the Program, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Program, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, even if the Company or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some States or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to You. If you are dissatisfied with the Program or any portion of it, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Program.NON-DISPARAGEMENTThe Parties agree and accept that the only venue for resolving such a dispute shall be in the venue set forth herein below. The parties agree that they neither will engage in any conduct or communications with a third party, public or private, designed to disparage the other. Neither Client nor any of Client’s associates, employees or affiliates will directly or indirectly, in any capacity or manner, make, express, transmit, speak, write, verbalize or otherwise communicate in any way (or cause, further, assist, solicit, encourage, support or participate in any of the foregoing), any remark, comment, message, information, declaration, communication or other statement of any kind, whether verbal, in writing, electronically transferred or otherwise, that might reasonably be construed to be derogatory or critical of, or negative toward, the Company or any of its programs, members, owner directors, officers, Affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, agents or representatives.ASSIGNMENTClient may not assign this Agreement without express written consent of Company.
TERMINATIONThe Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Program and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, if You become disruptive to the Company or other Program participants, if You fail to follow the Program guidelines, or if You otherwise violate this Agreement. You shall not be entitled to a refund of any portion of the fees and shall not be excused from any remaining payments under a payment plan in the event of such termination.INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors, employees, agents, and third parties for any losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Program and related services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. The Company reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with the Company in asserting any available defenses.RESOLUTION OF DISPUTESYou hereby expressly waive any and all claims you may have, now or in the future, arising out of or relating to the Program. To the extent that you attempt to assert any such claim, you hereby expressly agree to present such claim only in the state or federal courts that are geographically nearest to New Haven, CT.EARNINGS DISCLAIMEREvery effort has been made to accurately represent this product and its potential.This site and the products offered on this site are not associated, affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Facebook, nor have they been reviewed tested or certified by Facebook.There is no guarantee that you will earn any money using the techniques and ideas in these materials. Examples in these materials are not to be interpreted as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our product, ideas and techniques. Your level of success in attaining the results claimed in our materials depends on the time you devote to the program, ideas and techniques mentioned, your finances, knowledge and various skills. Since these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot guarantee your success or income level. Nor are we responsible for any of your actions.Materials in our product and our website may contain information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities litigation reform act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with a description of potential earnings or financial performance.Any and all forward looking statements here or on any of our sales material are intended to express our opinion of earnings potential. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results and no guarantees are made that you will achieve results similar to ours or anybody else’s, in fact no guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from our ideas and techniques in our material.
OUR MINIMUM GUARANTEESUnless otherwise noted, all products come with a 14 day guarantee. Longer conditional guarantees may apply, so check the sales material at the time of your order for details. If you do not understand or agree with any of these conditions, please do not order this material. If you require further clarification, please contact pat@patlore.com© Pat Lore, LLC.2020
Privacy PolicyPAT LORE, LLC. (“Company”, “we”, or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy.This  Privacy Policy governs your access to and use of Patlore.com, including  any content, functionality and services offered on or through  Patlore.com (the “Website”), whether as a guest or a registered user.When  accessing the Website, the Company will learn certain information about  you, both automatically and through voluntary actions you may take,  during your visit. This policy applies to information we collect on the  Website and in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and  the Website.Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website. By  using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use  when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be  bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONAs  a general rule, we do not sell, rent, lease or otherwise transfer any  information collected whether automatically or through your voluntary  action.We  may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries, affiliates,  and service providers for the purpose of providing our services to you.We  may disclose your personal information to a third party, including a  lawyer or collection agency, when necessary to enforce our terms of  service or any other agreement between you and the Company.We  may provide your information to any successor in interest in the event  of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or  other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s asserts and/or  business.We  may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other  words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for  the protection of our legal rights or when compelled by a court or other  governmental entity to do so.HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION AND SECURE INFORMATION TRANSMISSIONS?We  employ commercially reasonable methods to ensure the security of the  information you provide to us and the information we collect  automatically. This includes using standard security protocols and  working only with reputable third-party vendors.
Email is not  recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we  request that you do not send private information to us by email.  However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the  information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via  a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit Card  information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via  email.
Copyright © 2020 Pat Lore, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder