http://www.pegasus101.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Search:
Business Type
Business Type
Restaurants
Cafes, Take-Aways And Fish And Chips
Sandwich Bars
Night Clubs
Hair, Beauty and Barbers
Opticians
Investments
Vacant Shops
Public Houses and Snooker/Pool Clubs
Freehold
Miscellaneous Businesses
Delicatessen
Location / County
Select Location
Bedfordshire
Berkshire
Bristol
Buckinghamshire
Cambridgeshire
Central London
City of London
Cornwall
Dorset
East London
East Sussex
Essex
Hampshire
Herefordshire
Hertfordshire
Isle of Wight
Kent
Leicestershire
London
Middlesex
North London
North West London
Oxfordshire
Somerset
South East London
South London
South West London
Suffolk
Surrey
West End
West London
West Midlands
West Sussex
Price
Select a Range
£0 to £10,000
£10,000 to £20,000
£20,000 to £50,000
£50,000 to £100,000
£100,000 to £250,000
£250,000 to £500,000
£500,000 to £1 Million
£1 Million+
Search Text
Search
Categories
Restaurants
Cafes, Take-Aways And Fish And Chips
Sandwich Bars
Night Clubs
Hair, Beauty and Barbers
Opticians
Investments
Vacant Shops
Public Houses and Snooker/Pool Clubs
Freehold
Miscellaneous Businesses
Delicatessen
Privacy Policy for Pegasus Business Sales
At Pegasus Business Sales, accessible from www.pegasus101.co.uk, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Pegasus Business Sales and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at sales@pegasus101.co.uk
Log Files
Pegasus Business Sales follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Pegasus Business Sales uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google Adsense
Amazon SES
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Pegasus Business Sales.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Pegasus Business Sales, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Pegasus Business Sales has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Pary Privacy Policies
Pegasus Business Sales's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Pegasus Business Sales does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy (created with the GDPR Generator) applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Pegasus Business Sales. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at the address found on our contact us page. If you believe that any information Pegasus Business Sales are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. Pegasus Business Sales will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or treatment of your personal information, please write: b.) by email to administrator@pegasus101.co.uk; or c.) by post to 4a Woodcote Park Avenue, Purley, surrey CR8 3NG.