https://www.burgundyasset.com/legal/
MiFID II
Login
FR
About Us
Team
Approach
Clients
Views & Insights
News
Contact Us
Home > Legal
Legal
Use of this Site
The following terms apply to your use of the Burgundy website, Client Portal and Mobile Application (the “Sites”). Information provided on this Site is for information purposes only and is not intended to provide investment advice, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation or an offer of solicitation and should not be relied upon in that regard. There is no assurance that any views, predictions or projections made will occur. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The investment portfolios discussed may not be suitable or appropriate for all investors and do not consider your unique objectives, constraints or financial needs.
Commentary contained within this Site reflects the opinions of Burgundy at the time of writing and may reference sources that Burgundy believes to be accurate and reliable. Burgundy does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information and our opinions and viewpoints may change over time. Forward-looking statements are based on historical events and trends, and may differ from actual results.
This Site is made available on an “as is” basis.
We assume no responsibility for any losses incurred due to the use or unavailability of this Site. No warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness, completeness of any opinion or information is given or made by Burgundy in any form or manner whatsoever.
Your continued access or use of this Site will constitute your acknowledgment of any modified terms and conditions and your agreement to abide and be bound by any changes to information provided.
By accessing this Site, you accept and agree to comply with the terms and conditions set out herein.
Security
Burgundy makes no representation that this Site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, that the site and/or server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. It is your sole responsibility to take precautions to ensure that your computer is adequately protected from computer viruses or other destructive properties.
Certain parts of this Site can only be accessed via a username and password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your username and password and for ensuring that others do not use them without your permission. You will be responsible for any wrongdoing or liability that results from the use of your username and password and should act accordingly to take necessary steps to protect confidentiality. Burgundy is not responsible for any unauthorized access to non-public areas of the Site. Should you become aware that your username and password have been compromised, immediately contact Burgundy at burgundysecurity@burgundyasset.com.
For security reasons, Burgundy will never contact you to confirm your password.
Third-Party Websites
Other external or third-party websites that may provide access to this Site by hyperlinks are entirely independent of this Site. Any direction by a third party to this Site shall not in any manner be construed as an endorsement by Burgundy of such party's website, products or services.
This Site contains links to third-party websites and is provided to you solely as a convenience and is not to be considered an endorsement by Burgundy. Burgundy is not responsible for the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party websites nor is Burgundy obligated to update or correct any information provided on those sites. If you decide to access the linked third-party websites, you should do so at your own risk. Such websites may be governed by terms and conditions different from those applicable to this Site.
Privacy
Burgundy strives to protect personal information provided to us in the course of our relationship with clients. Please refer to Burgundy’s Privacy Policy that is part of these terms, to learn about Burgundy’s collection, usage, disclosure of information and measures taken to protect the privacy and security of your personal information.
Use of Name, Logo, Trademarks and Copyright
All information provided on this Site is the property of Burgundy and is protected by applicable copyright and trademark laws. Your use of this Site does not transfer to you any ownership or other rights in this Site or its content. This Site is made available for lawful, personal, non-commercial use only.
No use of the Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. name, logo or any information contained on this Site may be used, copied, reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of Burgundy.
Registration Status
Burgundy’s principal regulator in Canada is the Ontario Securities Commission and Burgundy is registered in all provinces in Canada as a Portfolio Manager. We are also registered as an Investment Fund Manager in Ontario, Quebec and Newfoundland & Labrador.
Burgundy is registered as an Investment Advisor with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.
Burgundy funds are not covered by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation or by any other government deposit insurer.
Trade Matching Statement
This Trade-Matching Statement is being provided in accordance with National Instrument 24-101- Institutional Trade Matching and Settlement and Companion Policy 24-101CP (the “National Instrument”). It applies to all trades that are subject to the National Instrument.
We confirm that we have established, maintain and enforce policies and procedures designed to achieve matching in accordance with the National Instrument.
GIPS® Compliance
Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS®). To receive a list of composite descriptions and/or a presentation that complies with the GIPS standards, please email us at info@burgundyasset.com.
Non-Canadian Investors
The information contained on this Site does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone to buy or sell any investment fund or other product or service to anyone in any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful. Securities of the Canadian pooled funds managed by Burgundy will not be sold to any person residing outside Canada unless such sales are permitted under the laws of their jurisdiction. Burgundy provides investment advisory services on a discretionary basis to non-Canadian persons and investors (including U.S. persons) where permitted by law. Prospective investors who are not residents of Canada should consult with Burgundy to determine if these securities may lawfully be sold in their jurisdiction.
For convenience purposes, Burgundy has made available certain of its Canadian pooled funds’ net asset value information which is intended for Canadian investors only.
Accessibility Statement
Burgundy is committed to providing our services in a way that respects the dignity and independence of people with disabilities. Burgundy is an equal-opportunity employer who prioritizes the well-being and inclusion of all individuals involved in its operations, including people with disabilities. Burgundy will make every reasonable effort to ensure that:
Persons with disabilities are provided equal opportunity to obtain, use and benefit from Burgundy’s services and facilities;
Services and facilities are provided in a manner that respects the dignity and independence of persons with disabilities;
Communications with a person with a disability are conducted in a manner that takes the person’s disability into account; and
Persons with disabilities may use assistive devices, service animals and support persons as is necessary to access Burgundy’s services and facilities.
Burgundy welcomes feedback on how to improve its services and facilities for individuals with accessibility needs, and will respond to such feedback in a timely manner. Feedback can be submitted as follows:
In person or in writing:
Burgundy Asset Management Ltd.
c/o Senior Manager, Employee Relations
Bay Wellington Tower, Brookfield Place
181 Bay Street, Suite 4510
PO Box 778, Toronto ON M5J 2T3
Phone: 416-869-3222
Email: info@burgundyasset.com
A copy of our Accessibility Policy will be made available on request. It can also be provided in alternate formats upon request.
Use of this SiteSecurityThird-Party WebsitesPrivacyUse of Name, Logo, Trademarks and CopyrightRegistration StatusTrade Matching StatementGIPS® ComplianceNon-Canadian InvestorsAccessibility Statement
×
Notice to Non-Canadian InvestorsThe information contained on this Site does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any investment fund or other product or service to anyone in any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful. Burgundy provides investment advisory services to non-Canadian persons and investors (including U.S. Persons) where permitted by law. Prospective investors who are not resident in Canada should consult with Burgundy to determine if these securities may lawfully be sold in their jurisdiction. By accepting these terms you acknowledge and represent that you are an investor resident in Canada. If you are not a Canadian resident, you may return to Burgundy’s Site by declining these terms.
Agree
Decline
×
WHAT IS MiFID II?The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (MiFID II) is a regulation that took effect January 2018 that aims to increase market transparency across the European Union (EU) through the standardization of the regulatory disclosures required for individual markets. It is one of the most significant regulatory changes to impact the global asset management industry. The MiFID II reforms cover a number of key topics including: best execution, conflicts of interest, bundled commissions and payments for research & trading.BURGUNDY’S APPROACH TO MiFID IIAt Burgundy, we follow a disciplined, bottom-up, value-driven approach to investment research, supported by intensive fundamental research. We believe that conducting our own research is the backbone of our success. From time to time we have used external research paid for using broker commissions to supplement our own research, but we do not rely on external research in our decision-making.
We always approach our decision-making with the guiding principles of fairness and transparency in mind such that all our clients are treated equally.
As of January 3, 2018, Burgundy has gone execution only on all trades and will absorb all external research costs related to our equity mandates for all clients, regardless of domicile. We will not pass these broker research commissions on to our clients, nor will our fees change as a result of this policy.
×
BURGUNDY ASSET MANAGEMENT LTD. BECOMES A UN PRI SIGNATORYIn September 2019, Burgundy became a signatory of the United Nations-supported Principles for Responsible Investment (UN PRI). The UN PRI is a network of international investors working to incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment and ownership decisions.
Burgundy’s Investment Team employs a quality-value investment approach to preserve and grow our clients' capital over the long term. Quality-value investing is based on investing in great companies when we can buy them for less than they are worth and holding them for the long term. ESG risks can impact a business’ ability to stay great and poor practices jeopardize long-term profitability. Therefore, as long-term owners of businesses, evaluating ESG factors go hand in hand with preserving capital. Our disciplined and bottom-up approach allows ESG factors to be evaluated at the onset of the investment process.
The UN PRI aligns well with Burgundy’s approach to ESG integration. Becoming a signatory allows us to formalize our thinking on the ESG issues that have a material impact on our holding companies. As a signatory of the UN PRI, we commit to the following six principles: To incorporate ESG issues into investment analysis and decision-making processes
To be an active owner and incorporate ESG issues into our ownership policies and practices
To seek appropriate disclosures on ESG issues by entities in which we invest
To promote acceptance and implementation of the Principles within the investment industry
To work with the PRI Secretariat and other signatories to enhance their effectiveness in implementing the Principles
To report on our activities and progress towards implementing the Principles