https://www.amtiproducts.com/privacy-policy/
AMTI Products Privacy Statement
AMTI Products values its relationship with its customers and recognizes that customer trust is a fundamental element to any successful relationship. AMTI Products will protect customer privacy and the personal information a customer provides to us. We want you to understand how we protect the confidentiality of all personal information obtained while doing business with your company. Our pledge is to protect your privacy whether this information is received by mail, telephone, Internet, or in person.
A reference to “AMTI,” “we,” “our,” or “us” is a reference to AMTI Products.
A reference to “you,” “your” or “your company,” is a reference to the personal information you provide to us as an employee of the company that you work for, such as your company email address or company phone number. We do not collect information about anyone in any context other than as an employee of a company seeking products or information from AMTI.
We gather personal information from you as an employee of your company and as our contact with that company, and we also gather information about your company’s transactions with us. We use your information only to conduct our business and provide quotes and products to your company. We will not share your information with other companies for their marketing purposes. We limit access to your information and use safeguards to help protect it. You may review and correct your information at any time.
What information do we collect? If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our products, want to ask a question, use our “Contact Us” or similar features, we generally require you to provide us with your contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address.
Transaction Information: This is information about your company transactions with us. It includes your request for information and products that your company may purchase from AMTI. It also includes information that we require for billing and payment. Some web sites, including ours, may also store “cookies” on your computer. Cookies collect technical data, like your Internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, and session ID. They can also save certain information entered by you when you request additional information or a quote from us.
Who might get information about my company from AMTI? No one, unless you ask us to provide it. We do not identify specific customers when we are sourcing parts. We will not share your information with other companies for their marketing purposes unless you ask us to do so. There is no need to “opt out” or tell us not to do this.
How does AMTI protect my information? We restrict access to your personal Information to our employees. Their use of the information is limited by law, our employee code of conduct, and written agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information. You can always contact AMTI to update or remove personal information.
In the future, AMTI may update this privacy policy to reflect unanticipated practices not outlined in this policy. These changes will be posted to the website, and users are invited to occasionally review the privacy policy.
0