http://www.brotherhoodmutual.com/legalassist/
Covid-19 Pandemic resources to help keep your people safe.
Legal Assist for Ministries
Our legal team specializes in helping ministries answer some pretty tough questions. See if their guidance can help you.
Search
Who We Are
Where can ministry leaders go for guidance on complicated questions related to ministry activity, employment law, contract wording, and more? Brotherhood Mutual's in-house team of attorneys understand ministry legal issues because they've been addressing questions from ministries for years, and they're involved in ministry within their own community.
Review Legal FAQs
Find responses to common legal questions.
Get Guidance
Ask a Legal Question
Submit your questions to our in-house legal team.
Ask a Question
Attorney Referral Service
Connecting you with Christian Legal Society attorneys.
Request a Referral
*Important information: Brotherhood Mutual is pleased to provide Legal Assist as a complimentary resource. The services we offer through Legal Assist are intended to provide general legal information to our current and prospective policyholders.
The information we provide is intended to be helpful, but it does not constitute legal advice and is not a substitute for the advice from a licensed attorney in your area. Accordingly, no attorney/client relationship is created through this process, and no legal advice will be provided. We strongly encourage you to regularly consult with a local attorney as part of your risk management program.
Glossary of Insurance Terms
Here's a list of insurance terms and definitions that can help you better understand your ministry insurance options.
Read more
Five Legal Trends Shed Light on Risks Churches and Ministries Face
Understanding five legal trends may help ministry leaders identify and implement ways to prevent potential liability in their ministry settings.
Read more
How to Examine a Contract
When making agreements, put them in writing to ensure that everyone  has the same understanding.
Read more
Request A Quote
Thank you for your interest in Brotherhood Mutual. We appreciate the opportunity to provide your church or other ministry with an insurance quote and will reply to your request as soon as possible.
2020 Brotherhood Mutual
Submit Your Question
Text to follow...
2020 Brotherhood Mutual