https://www.capgemini.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle menu
Industries
Automotive
Banking & Capital Markets
Consumer Products
Distribution – Wholesale
Electronics & High Tech
Energy and Utilities
Government & Public Sector
Healthcare & Life sciences
Insurance
Manufacturing & Industrial Products
Media & Entertainment
Retail
Telecoms
All Industries
Services
Artificial Intelligence
Applied Innovation
Business Operations
Unlock value through intelligent automation
Transform your finance operations
Retain and engage your employees
Optimize your supply chain and vendor performance
Reimagine your core insurance processes
Manage your contracts to capture lost revenue
Manage your risk and compliance effectively
Enrich your customer interactions
Gain more insights from your business analytics
Cloud Services
Cloud Strategy
Workloads Assessment
Migrating Workloads to the Cloud
SAP Migrations to the AWS Cloud
Implementing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)
Cloud-Native Applications (PaaS)
Capgemini Enterprise iPaaS
Capgemini Cloud Platform
Cybersecurity Services
Cloud Security
Cybersecurity Consulting
Cyber attack Simulation
Application Security Testing
Identity & Access Management
Capgemini’s IDaaS- Identity-as-a-Service
Security Operations Center
Future Ready EPaaS
Compliance & Risk
Cybersecurity Defense Maturity Evaluation
Cybersecurity Transformation Services
Network Security and Segmentation Service
Cybersecurity Device Management
Penetration Testing, Red Teaming, and Threat Simulation
Managed Detection and Response
Digital Services
Customer Experience
Digital Engineering and Manufacturing Services
Digital Manufacturing
Digital Strategy & Transformation
GDPR
Insights & Data
Intelligent Industry
Data-driven R&D for life sciences
Driving Automation Systems Validation
Solutions for the 5G and Edge revolution
Technology Solutions
Intelligent Automation
Infrastructure Services
Application Development & Maintenance Services
Testing Services
Transformation & Innovation
Brand & Experience
Future of Technology
Innovation and Strategy
Insight Driven Enterprise
Operations Transformation
People & Organization
All Services
Partners
Amazon Web Services
Dell Technologies
Google
HPE
IBM
Intel
Microsoft
Oracle
Pega
Salesforce
SAP
All our partners
Our Experts
Insights & News
About us
Our Company
Company Profile & Key Figures
Capgemini Invent
Sogeti
Technology, Innovations & Ventures
All Our Brands
A History of our Founder, Serge Kampf
Our Purpose
Values & Ethics
Our Code of Business Ethics
SpeakUp
Group Anti-Corruption Policy
World’s Most Ethical Companies® recognition
Our Corporate Social Responsibility Program
Rugby Sevens
Investors
Latest Annual Report
Our Offices
Contact us
Careers
Career paths
Join Capgemini Invent
Learning & Development
Diversity & Inclusion
Life at Capgemini
Employee stories
Job search
Introduction
Data protection is a key concern for Capgemini which has been placing this matter as a priority for long. Hence, transparency regarding the way we process the personal data we collect is a commitment for us. The information provided below intends to provide you all relevant information in relation to the collection and processing of information which may be collected through this website www.capgemini.com, (hereinafter, “the website”)
Capgemini Services SAS (hereinafter, “we”, “us”, “our” or “Capgemini”) may collect and process personal data relating to you when you visit this website.
Processing of Your Personal Data
Generally, you can visit our website without providing any personal data about yourself. However, in order to access some parts of our websites and/or for you to request specific information or services, we may need to collect personal data from you which we will process for the purposes described hereunder.
As part of pre-contractual and/or contractual obligations, we may process your personal data for:
answering any requests, queries or inquires you may submit on our website; but also
enabling you log on certain restricted parts of our website;
managing your participation to online context
We may also use the personal data you share with us, for:
maintaining and improving the website as well as to ensuring its security;
conducting customer satisfaction surveys;
manage the forums to which you may take part;
recruitment purposes related when you submit a resume or a job application online; and
compiling aggregate statistics regarding the use of the website.
These purposes are justified by our legitimate interest to make sure that you enjoy the experience when visiting our website and interacting with us.
Finally, subject to your prior express consent, we may also use the personal data you share with us for marketing purposes and in particular to provide you with personalised offers.
How long do we keep your data?
When you are an existing client, we will keep your personal data as long as our contractual and/or business relationship lasts. We may then place your personal data in an intermediary database for five (5) years after our contractual and/or business relationship lasts.
If you are a prospect with no established contractual and/or business relationship, we will not keep your data for longer than three (3) years after you last contacted us.
If you are a candidate, please note that if you are not hired, we will delete the information you shared with us at the latest two (2) years after you shared the information.
Finally, the log information we may collect for the security, maintenance and improvement purposes mentioned above will not be kept longer than one (1) year after collection.
Sharing of your Personal Data
1. With other entities of the group
Capgemini is a global organisation. Whilst we have distinct legal entities (e.g., country subsidiaries) in many parts of the world, our internal processes and infrastructure are international in scope and nature and generally cross-country borders. Accordingly, you should be aware that we may share your personal data with other entities of Capgemini and transfer it to countries in the world where we have data centres or otherwise do business, including those located outside the European Union (EU). Such data transfers will be covered by our Binding Corporate Rules (Capgemini BCR) which were approved by European Data Protection Authorities in 2016. As a result of Capgemini BCR wherever your personal data are processed in the Capgemini group, your personal data will benefit from the same level of protection. You can access Capgemini BCR by clicking here.
2. Third-party suppliers
We also rely on third-party suppliers and partners with which we may share your personal data for the purposes indicated above except for marketing purposes. Whenever we rely on such third parties, we make sure that they provide an adequate level of protection to the personal data they process on our behalf and when such third parties are located out of the European Union, we make sure that we enter into European Model Clauses as adopted by the European Commission. You can obtain a copy of the said EU Model Clauses by contacting us at dpocapgemini.global@capgemini.com.
3. Judicial, public and/or governmental authorities
We may also be required – by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence— to disclose your personal data.  We may also disclose your personal data if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose personal information if we determine in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our rights and pursue available remedies, enforce our terms and conditions, investigate fraud, or protect our operations or users.
Business Reorganisations
Like many organisations, Capgemini may reorganise its business operations around the world from time to time, whether by buying new businesses or selling or merging existing businesses. This may involve us disclosing personal data to prospective or actual purchasers of parts of our business, or receiving personal data from potential sellers. It is our practice to seek appropriate confidentiality protection for personal data disclosed in these types of transactions.
Your rights
In any case, you have the right to access your personal data.
You can also request that your personal data be rectified or deleted. You are entitled as well to object to the processing of your personal data or to request restriction thereof. In addition, you have the right to ask for receiving your personal data in a structured and standard format.
In case of any such request or complaint, please send an email to dpocapgemini.global@capgemini.com. You can also contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to the following address:  dpocapgemini.global@capgemini.com.
In any case, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
Data security and integrity
Capgemini uses various technological and procedural security measures in order to protect the personal data we collect, use or transfer from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. However, you should be aware that, due to the open and unsecured character of the Internet, Capgemini cannot be responsible for the security of transmissions of the personal data over the Internet.
Third-party websites
Capgemini websites may provide links to third-party websites. Capgemini does not make any representations or warranties with respect to such third-party websites. You should be aware that the owners and operators of such third-party websites might collect, use or transfer personal data under different terms and conditions than Capgemini. Upon linking to a third-party website, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies of such third-party websites.
Notification of changes to this Policy
This Policy was last updated on May 24, 2018. We may periodically change this Policy to keep pace with new technologies, industry practices, and regulatory requirements, among other reasons.  We expect most such changes to be minor.  When we will need to make material change to our privacy policy, we will post a prominent notice on the home page of the website prior to the change becoming effective.
Related Posts
Customer Experience
Marketing becomes connected in 2021
Dr. Thomas Dmoch
Date icon				December 11, 2020
Although in 2021 most of the CMO’s budget will continue to go into MarTech, 50% of CMOs...
Read more icon
Marketing becomes connected in 2021
Asset System
Smart grid or silly tube maps?
Date icon				December 11, 2020
Everyone who uses a public transportation system such as the London Underground intuitively...
Read more icon
Smart grid or silly tube maps?
Asset Management
What is an asset system for a network company?
Date icon				December 11, 2020
As the Institute of Asset Management (IAM) says in its widespread white paper “Asset...
Read more icon
What is an asset system for a network company?
Show all
Slideshare icon
Glassdoor icon
All rights reserved by Capgemini. Copyright © 2020
We respect your privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. They help us to improve site performance, present you relevant advertising and enable you to share content in social media.
You may accept all cookies, or choose to manage them individually. You can change your settings at any time by clicking Cookie Settings available in the footer of every page.
For more information related to the cookies, please visit our cookie policy.
Allow all cookies
Manage cookie settings
Decline all cookies
Accept only necessary cookies and close window