http://www.guru.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to main content
IP Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
IP Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
The following Terms of Service, which include the Privacy Policy, IP Policy, and
any guideline, policy or content displayed on the Website, are a legally
binding contractual agreement between you ("User", "you," "your") and Websoft, Inc. d/b/a Guru.com ("Guru.com", "we", "us") (hereinafter collectively
referred to as the "Terms of Service"). By visiting or using the services available from the domain and sub-domains of www.guru.com
(the "Website"), you agree to be legally
bound by these Terms of Service. We reserve the right to revise these Terms of Service and all linked information from time to time in our sole discretion
by
updating this posting or any linked information. Unless otherwise provided in such revision, the revised terms will take effect when they are posted.
Overview and Definitions
Guru.com is an online marketplace that enables buyers of professional services ("Employers")
to search for, enter into and manage transactions with providers of
professional services ("Freelancers" and, collectively with Employers, "Registered Users").
The Website contains features that enable Freelancers and Employers to do, among other things, the following:
Employers:
Post Jobs, search for Freelancers, communicate with Freelancers,negotiate with Freelancers,
award Jobs to Freelancers, manage
Jobs, leave feedback for Freelancers, and pay Freelancers.
Freelancers:
Create profiles, advertise capabilities, submit Quotes, negotiate with Employers, obtain Job awards, invoice, obtain feedback from
Employers, and receive payment from Employers.
We also provide registered users with certain services described in, and subject to, these Terms of Service
(as further defined below, the "Services").
We may add, delete or modify some or all of such Services at any time at our sole discretion with reasonable notice posted in advance on the Website. Capitalized
terms used in these Terms of Service have the following meanings:
1099 Service: means the service described in Section 7.
Account:
means the account created by the Website upon registration.
Assumed Payment Liabilities:
shall mean that portion of a Freelancer's total service charges
for a Job which Guru.com agrees to assume in consideration of the Service Charges.
Arbitration Service:
means the service described in Section 6.
Employer's Acceptance of Services:
shall mean: (i) with respect to an Invoice, a transfer of funds by Employer to
Guru.com in respect of such Invoice or (ii) with respect to the SafePay Service, the earlier to
occur of the following: (a) Employer and the Freelancer agree as to the
rightful recipient of the funds or (b) Employer and Freelancer have concluded the
process comprising the Arbitration Service.
Guru Billing and Payment Services:
means, collectively, the Guru Invoice Service and the SafePay Service.
Guru Invoice Service: means the service described in Section 5(A).
SafePay Service: means the service described in Section 5(B).
Service Charges: means, as applicable, the Job, Handling, Withdraw, and
Arbitration Service Fees.
Services: means, collectively, the Guru Billing and Payment Service, the Arbitration Service and the 1099 Service.
Website: means the world wide web site operated by Guru.com at http://www.guru.com or any replacement URL.
Registration
(A) Eligibility
To access our Services through our Website, you must be a legal entity, or an individual of eighteen
(18) years of age or older who can form legally binding
contracts. To become a Registered User, you must accept all of the terms and conditions in,
incorporated by reference in, and linked to, these Terms of Service.
By becoming a Registered User, you agree to:
(1) Abide by the Terms of Service and the processes, procedures, and guidelines described throughout the Website;
(2) Be financially responsible for your use of the Website and the purchase or delivery of services; and
(3) Perform your obligations as specified by any Job Agreement that you accept, unless such obligations are prohibited by law or by the
Terms of Service.
Guru.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse, suspend, or terminate Services to anyone.
(B) Registration
To become a Registered User and to access Services you must register for an Account. You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information as
prompted by
the registration form and all forms you access on the Website, and to update this information to maintain its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness.
(C) Accounts and Profiles
General. Once you have registered with the Website as a Registered User, the Website will create your Account with Guru.com and associate it with an account
number. You may create a profile under your Account, in accordance with Section 2(D).
Username and Password. During registration, you will be asked to choose a username and password for the Account. As a Registered User, you agree and you are
entirely responsible to safeguard and maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you use to access this Website. You authorize Guru.com to
assume that any person using the Website with your username and password is you or is authorized to act for you.
You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of the account.
(D) Membership
Guru.com provides Registered Users several different membership options.
The availability of these membership options is dependent upon (i) the Registered User's
status as an Employer or a Freelancer (ii) the selections made during registration, (iii) any
subsequent upgrades or downgrades of membership options after registration.
Employers:
All Employers have the membership benefits described
here.
Note, membership benefits may change at the sole discretion of Guru.com.
Freelancers: Freelancers can choose from different membership options.
The differences between these options are listed
here.
Each membership option includes a certain number of "Bids." As described on the Website, a
Freelancer uses Bids to submit Quotes for Jobs. If a
Freelancer requires additional Bids in a given month, the Freelancer has the option to buy additional Bids as described
here. We reserve the right to change membership
fees, the monthly number of Bids included in the membership options or the price of Bids or institute new fees at any time, at the sole discretion of
Guru.com and upon reasonable notice posted in advance on the Website. No refunds of membership fees or Bids already paid will be given. If we exercise
our right to cancel a membership as provided under these Terms of Service, at any time, we will not refund the membership fee already paid.
Relationship
(A) Employer and Freelancer
Job Agreement:
The engagement, contracting and management of a Job are between an Employer and a Freelancer. Upon acceptance of
a Quote, the
Employer
agrees to purchase, and the Freelancer agrees to deliver, the services and related deliverables in accordance with the following agreements:
(a) the Job Agreement between Employer and Freelancer including the Quote, Job Description, and other terms and conditions as communicated
between Employer
and Freelancer on the Website or otherwise,
(b) these Terms of Service, and
(c) any other content uploaded to the Website by Guru.com (collectively, the "Job Agreement"). You agree not to enter into any contractual
provisions in
conflict with these Terms of Service. Any provision of a Job Agreement in conflict with these Terms of Service is void. Employer is
responsible for managing,
inspecting, accepting and paying for satisfactory services and deliverables in accordance with the Job Agreement in a timely manner.
Freelancer is responsible
for the performance and quality of the services in accordance with the Job Agreement in a timely manner. Employer and Freelancer each
covenants and agrees to
act with good faith and fair dealing in performance of the Job Agreement.
Independence: Employer and Freelancer each acknowledges and agrees that their relationship is that of independent contractors. The
Freelancer shall
perform services as an independent contractor and nothing in these Terms of Service shall be deemed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency,
or
employer-employee relationship between Freelancer and Employer or between Guru.com and any Employer or Freelancer.
(B) Registered Users and Guru.com
Genral:
Guru.com is not a party to the dealing, contracting and fulfillment of any Job between an Employer and a Freelancer. Guru.com has no
control over and does not guarantee the quality, safety or legality of any services performed or deliverables created, advertised, the truth or
accuracy
of Job listings, the qualifications, background, or abilities of Registered Users, the ability of Freelancers to perform services, the ability
of
Employers to pay for services, or that an Employer or Freelancer can or will actually complete a Job. Guru.com is not responsible for and will
not
control the manner in which a Freelancer operates and is not involved in the hiring, firing, discipline or working conditions of the Freelancer. All
rights and obligations for the purchase and sale of services or other deliverables are solely between an Employer and a Freelancer. Guru.com will
not
provide any Freelancer with any materials or tools to complete any Job. Employers and Freelancers must look solely to the other for enforcement
and
performance of all the rights and obligations arising from Job Agreements and any other terms, conditions, representations, or warranties
associated
with such dealings.
Third-Party Beneficiary of Job Agreement:
Employer and Freelancer each acknowledges and agrees that the value, reputation, and goodwill of the
Website depend on their performance of their covenants and agreements as set forth in their Job Agreement. Employer and Freelancer therefore
appoint
Guru.com as a third-party beneficiary of their Job Agreement for purposes of enforcing the obligations owed to, and the benefits conferred on,
Guru.com by these Terms of Service. Employers and Freelancers further agree that Guru.com has the right to take such actions with respect to the
Job Agreement or their Accounts, including without limitation, suspension, termination, or any other legal actions, as Guru.com in its sole discretion
deems
necessary to protect the value, reputation, and goodwill of the Website.
Agency:
These Terms of Service and any registration for or subsequent use of this Website by any user or Registered User will not be construed as
creating or implying any relationship of agency, franchise, partnership or joint venture between you and Guru.com, except and solely to the extent
expressly stated.
Taxes:
Registered Users are responsible for payment and reporting of any taxes. Other than in connection with the 1099 Service, Guru.com is not
obligated to determine the applicability of any taxes or to remit, collect or report any such applicable taxes, unless otherwise agreed to by both
parties pursuant to the terms of any provision of tax services provided to you by Guru.com. You agree that you will abide by any and all applicable
state and federal tax statutes, regulations and common law. In the event Guru.com receives a notice of non-compliance with any such statute,
regulation
or common law, including, without limitation, an Internal Revenue Service Levy, Guru.com will deem such receipt a breach of this section and will
suspend your Account until Guru.com received an Internal Revenue Service Release.
Guru.com Fees
(A) Membership Fee
Freelancers can choose various membership programs to subscribe to different levels of participation on the Website, as detailed
here.
(B) Service Fees
Guru.com deducts one or more of the following fees, as applicable, from payments made by Employers to Freelancers using the Guru Billing and Payment
Services:
Job Fee:
Guru.com charges all Freelancers a Job Fee. The fee is based on a Freelancer's membership type and is deducted from the total amount
paid by an Employer for a Job as described here.
Employer Payment Handling Fee:
When an Employer pays a Freelancer, a Payment Handling Fee (2.9%) will be added to the invoice total.
Freelancer Transfer Method Fee:
If, upon a Freelancer's request, funds are to be disbursed via a wire transfer, a Freelancer Transfer Method Fee
will be charged to the Freelancer as described here. Transfers made
through use of automated clearinghouse,
Paypal and Payoneer debit card methods
will incur no such fee.
Arbitration Service Fee:
For use of Arbitration Services, irrespective of the nature of resolution and any resulting disbursements,
Guru.com charges a Arbitration Service Fee, equal to the greater of twenty-five dollars ($25.00) and five percent (5%) of the total amount
paid
by an Employer to Guru.com for the applicable Job to which such payment relates.
Employer Withdraw Fee:
When the Employer withdraws funds from their cash account there is a withdrawal fee (3.5%). This fee will be subtracted
from the amount withdrawn.
(C)
We reserve the right to change any fees associated with Guru.com at any time, at the sole
discretion of Guru.com. No refunds of fees already paid will be given.
If we exercise our right to cancel a membership as provided under these Terms of Service, at any time, we will not refund the membership fee already paid.
Guru Billing And Payment Services
(A) Guru Invoice Service
The Guru Invoice Service enables Freelancers to issue invoices and enables Employers to make payments for services.
General:
When a Freelancer delivers services to the Employer, the Freelancer will complete the electronic invoice
form (the "Invoice") and submit it to Guru.com via the Website.
A Freelancer must complete and submit an Invoice to Guru.com for each and every payment.
(B) SafePay Service
The SafePay Service enables Employers to transfer certain payment responsibilities to Guru.com.
General:
At an Employer's request, upon payment to Guru.com by Employer for services to be rendered by a Freelancer, Guru.com will assume
responsibility for the payment for such Freelancer's services (less applicable Service Charge). Guru.com agrees not to pay Freelancers for services
until after the occurrence of an Employer's Acceptance of Services. You acknowledge that such funds will belong to Guru.com immediately upon such
funds
being transferred to Guru.com by you. However, Guru.com agrees to refund such funds to Employer in the event that (a) a Freelancer acknowledges that
services have not been completed or (b) Employer and Freelancer have concluded the process comprising the Arbitration Service with a result
indicating that Employer is the rightful recipient of such funds. Guru.com agrees to keep both Employer and Freelancer informed as to the status of
the Assumed Payment Liability and if, for any reason, a party requests Arbitration Service regarding such status, will notify both parties that
the matter will be addressed through the Arbitration Service.
SafePay Disputes:
If an Employer or Freelancer reasonably disputes the quality or completion of services provided by such Freelancer, then both
Employer and Freelancer agree that Guru.com shall have no payment obligations to any party related to relevant fees until such dispute is resolved
in
accordance with Section 6 below. Guru.com's obligation to pay any Payment (less applicable Service Charge) is expressly conditioned upon resolution
of
all outstanding disputes with respect to such Payment.
(C) Funds Transfer
General:
To receive funds due to you, you must request such funds and indicate your selection of the funds transfer methods available on the Website.
Any such requests shall be subject to the conditions and restrictions contained on the Website and in these Terms of Service. Notwithstanding any
other
provision of these Terms of Service, if Guru.com determines in its sole discretion that a Registered User has violated the conditions and
restrictions
of the Website or Terms of Service, Guru.com has the right to refuse to process such request.
Hold on Transfers:
Guru.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to place a hold on requested transfers if Guru.com suspects monies may be subject to charge
back,
bank reversal, failure to clear or fraud. Guru.com will release a hold as soon as practical.
(D) Legal Relationsihp
Guru.com is not your agent with respect to any funds that have been transferred to Guru.com for any Assumed Payment Liabilities.
Each Freelancer must properly discharge and credit Employers for all payments that Guru.com makes to such Freelancer in respect of services provided
to
such Employers.
Guru.com acts as a payment provider by creating, hosting, maintaining, and providing the Guru Billing and Payment Services to you via the Internet.
Guru.com does not have any control over the services invoiced or paid for with the Guru Billing and Payment Services. Additionally, Guru.com does
not
control whether an Employer or Freelancer will actually complete the underlying transaction. Guru.com is not responsible in any way for the
timeliness
or accuracy of the invoices or the timeliness, accuracy, completion or workmanship of any work product produced by a Freelancer as a result of an
awarded Job. Nothing in these Terms of Service will be deemed to constitute Guru.com as your agent with respect to any service purchased and
sold by
Registered Users through the Website, or expand or modify any warranty, liability or indemnity stated in these Terms of Service.
By using the Guru Billing and Payment Services, you expressly acknowledge that
Guru.com is not acting as a trustee or a fiduciary of Employers or Freelancers and that the Guru Billing and Payment Services are provided
to
Registered Users administratively;
Guru.com is not a "financial institution" as defined under the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and the Guru Billing and Payment Services are payment
services rather than a banking services; (c) GURU.COM IS NOT A BANK AND ANY PAYMENTS TRANSFERRED THROUGH GURU.COM ARE NOT INSURED DEPOSITS
AND
ARE SUBJECT TO DEFAULT, LOSS OR FORFEITURE.
(E) Miscellaneous Payment Terms
Authorized Payments are Final:
Your use of the Guru Billing and Payment Services constitutes your agreement to pay for any amounts which you authorize us to retain from
transactions
and, as appropriate, charge to your credit card, bank account, or PayPal account. Such payments, once authorized, are final. When an Employer's
Acceptance of Services has occurred,
(i) Guru.com shall have no further liability to any party with respect to Payment for such services,
(ii) Employer acknowledges that Guru.com has provided a complete service in respect of the payment made by Employer for the Assumed Payment
Liability or Invoice, as applicable and
(iii) Employer hereby releases Guru.com from any and all liability with respect to such Payment.
Fraudulent Transactions:
Erroneous or Duplicate Transactions; Charge Backs. Guru.com reserves the right to seek reimbursement from you, and you will reimburse Guru.com, if
Guru.com discovers a fraudulent transaction, erroneous or duplicate transaction, or if Guru.com receives a charge back or reversal from any
Employer's
credit card company, bank, or PayPal for any reason. You agree to and acknowledge Guru.com's right to investigate any and all transactions for
fraud.
Further, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests made by Guru.com in an effort to investigate fraud. You agree that Guru.com has the
right
to obtain such reimbursement by charging your Account, deducting amounts from future transfers, charging your credit card or any bank account
associated
with your Account, or obtaining reimbursement from you by any other lawful means, including using a third party collection agency. Failure to pay
for
reimbursements of a charge back or a reversal of payment is cause for termination of your Account.
Currency:
The Guru Billing and Payment v operate in US Dollars and therefore Guru.com is not responsible for currency fluctuations that occur when billing or
crediting a credit or debit card denominated in a currency other than US Dollars, nor is Guru.com responsible for currency fluctuations that occur
when
receiving or sending payment via wire transfer, check or automated clearinghouse to and from your bank account, credit card account or PayPal
account.
Exclusivity and Non-Circumvention:
Employers agree to use the Guru Billing and Payment Services to make all payments to Freelancers, whether first-time,
repeat, or follow-on. You also agree not to take any action directly or indirectly to circumvent the Guru Billing and Payment Services or any
associated
fees. As a Freelancer, you agree to use Guru Billing and Payment Services to receive all payments from Employers identified through the Website,
whether
first-time, repeat, or follow-on. Additionally, you agree not to circumvent the Guru Billing and Payment Services or any associated fees.
Notification:
As an Employer, you agree to notify Guru.com immediately if your Freelancer solicits payment from you outside the Website. As a Freelancer, you
agree to
notify Guru.com immediately if your Employer seeks to pay you outside the Website. If you are aware of a breach of the foregoing prohibitions, or
any
potential circumvention of the Guru Billing and Payment Services, please submit a confidential report to Guru.com
by phone at 1-412-687-2228 or contact us.
Agreement to Pay:
If, for any reason, Guru.com does not receive payment for any amounts that you have authorized to be paid through your use of the Guru Billing and
Payment Services, you agree to pay such amount immediately upon demand by Guru.com. You also agree to pay any interest charges, attorneys' fees and
other costs of collection incurred by Guru.com in collecting from you the authorized but unpaid amount. In such case, Guru.com may, at its option,
stop
processing any further payments made by you and apply any amounts then held by Guru.com on your behalf toward any deficiencies, losses or costs that
we
have incurred as a result of your use of the Guru Billing and Payment Services. We may also make appropriate reports to credit reporting agencies,
financial institutions, tax agencies and law enforcement authorities, and cooperate with them in any resulting investigation or prosecution.
Arbitration Service
(A) Eligibility
Guru.com offers the Arbitration Service to those Registered Users that have funds in SafePay and requested Guru.com to assume all
or a portion of the payment liability for services and who are engaged in a dispute over a Job that is
(i) Pursuant to a Job posting by an Employer through the Website,
(ii) Pursuant to a Quote for by a Freelancer through the Website for such Job posting and
(iii) Pursuant to an acceptance through the Website by the Employer for such Quote.
Employer and Freelancer agree and acknowledge that, with respect to Assumed Payment Liabilities,
any and all disputes relating to the underlying fees shall be governed by the terms of this Section 6.
(B) Process
Arbitration:
In any case where the Employer and a Freelancer cannot mutually agree on the distribution of the funds in
SafePay, you expressly agree to and acknowledge that Guru.com or a
third party chosen by Guru.com will arbitrate the dispute in accordance with these Terms of Service and the Website.
You acknowledge and agree that Guru.com will construe any Job
Agreement based on the transaction's course of dealing and common industry practices.
Specifically, in rendering its decision, the arbitrator shall only be obligated to consider the following:
(i) the Job Agreement,
(ii) the parties' course of dealings, as evidenced by activity on or communications through the Website,
(iii) the Job itself and
(iv) any information or communication that the Employer and the Freelancer submit for review.
Guru.com shall render its decision within five (7) days of the Arbitration being opened. During this time, you are encouraged to continue to negotiate an amicable settlement with each other.
You agree that the decision of Guru.com, acting as an arbitrator, shall be final, binding, and not subject to appeal. Accordingly, within a reasonable time after we have rendered a decision, we will transfer funds in accordance with the arbitrator's decision.
In the event that you are the prevailing party in its arbitration decision,
you agree that you shall have no right, title to, interest in or license to the Job that is the subject matter of the dispute.
In such case, you agree to return any physical copies of such Job in your possession and destroy any electronic copies that you have.
(C) Communication
You agree and acknowledge that
(i) Guru.com will use the e-mail address corresponding with your Account registered at the time Arbitration is opened to notify and communicate with you with regard the Arbitration and
(ii) you are solely responsible for the receipt of any notification or communication sent by Guru.com using the e-mail address corresponding with your Account registered at the time Arbitration is opened.
(D) Acknowledgements
You agree and acknowledge that
(i) Guru.com is not providing legal services to you,
(ii) Guru.com will not advise you regarding any legal matters and
(iii) if you desire to have legal counsel, you will seek independent legal counsel licensed to practice law in your jurisdiction and not rely on Guru.com for any such counsel. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Guru.com and any of our affiliates against any damages or liability you may suffer as a result of using the Arbitration Service. If you do not agree to use this Arbitration Service under these terms, you should not request Guru.com to assume the Assumed Payment Liabilities.
1099 Services
At the request of an Employer, Guru.com shall issue each individual Freelancer whom you have engaged through the Website a summary on Form 1099 reflecting
Payments (less fees) paid to each Freelancer. You hereby acknowledge that, although Guru.com may provide the 1099 Service to Employers,
the Employer's Job Agreement to obtain services and make payments is an agreement between an Employers and a Freelancer.
Term; Termination And Suspension
These Terms of Service shall become effective as your contractual agreement upon your use of the Website, and shall continue until your Account is
terminated by you or Guru.com as provided for under the terms of this section.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the parties, either party may terminate the contractual agreement
represented by these Terms of Service at
any time upon notice to the other party. In such event, your Account is automatically terminated and
(1) Guru.com shall continue to perform those services necessary to complete any open transaction between you and another Registered User; and
(2) You shall continue to be obligated to pay any amounts accrued but unpaid as of the date of termination to Guru.com for any service and to any
Freelancer for any services.
Any termination of an Account will automatically lead to the termination of all related profiles.
Without limiting our other remedies, we may issue a warning, or temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or
terminate your Account or a Job, and
refuse to provide any or all services to you if: (1) you breach the letter or spirit of any terms and conditions of these Terms of Service or the
linked
policies and information incorporated herein by reference, including our written policies and procedures posted on the Website; (2) we are unable to
verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (3) we believe in our sole discretion that your actions may cause legal liability for you, our
Registered Users or for Guru.com or are contrary to the interests of the Website. Once indefinitely suspended or terminated, you must not continue
to use the Website under the same Account, a different Account, or register under a new Account.
In addition, violations of these Terms of Service may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and may result in additional penalties and
sanctions.
Without limiting our other remedies, to the extent you engage in actions or activities which circumvent the Guru Billing and Payment Services or
otherwise reduce fees owed Guru.com under these Terms of Service, you must pay Guru.com for all fees owed to Guru.com and reimburse Guru.com for all
losses
and costs and reasonable expenses (including attorney fees) related to investigating such breach and collecting such fees.
When your Account is terminated for any reason, you may no longer have access to data, messages, files and other material you keep on the Website.
The material may be deleted along with all your previous posts and proposals.
Privacy And Confidentiality
Your use of the Website and the services provided therein and thereby is governed by the terms of these Terms of
Service and the Guru.com Privacy Policy. It is
your responsibility to review the Guru.com Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference, and we suggest that you review
the Privacy Policy and print a copy for yourself. The Privacy Policy is posted on the Website and may be updated from time to time.
Unfortunately, we cannot ensure that disclosure of your
personal information will not occur in ways not described in the Privacy Policy. We may be required by law to disclose information to government
authorities, law enforcement agencies or third parties upon subpoena, and you authorize us to disclose information as we believe, in our sole discretion, is
necessary or
appropriate.
Intellectual Property
(A) Guru.com Content
Your use of the Website and the services provided therein and thereby is governed by the terms of these Terms of
Service and the Guru.com IP Policy. It is your
responsibility to review the Guru.com IP Policy, which is incorporated by reference, and we suggest that you review the IP Policy and print a copy for
yourself.
The IP Policy is posted on the Website and may be updated from time to time.
(B) Registered User Content
You are solely responsible for information posted on our Website, including but not limited to (a) any audio, video or photographic content
(collectively, "Multimedia Content"), (b) any posting or listing made in any public message area, through any email feature or through Guru.com's
feedback feature (collectively, "">Non-Multimedia Content") and (c) any other content of a personal nature including but not limited to your resume,
biography, work history and work product produced for another Registered User including Companies ("Personal Content"). You retain ownership of all
Multimedia Content and Personal Content, subject to the licenses granted herein.
You hereby assign to Guru.com your rights in any Non-Multimedia Content. You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty free,
irrevocable
right to exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to the Multimedia Content and to use such Multimedia Content for the purpose of
advertising and publicizing Guru.com products and services and you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty free, irrevocable right
to
use the Personal Content for the purpose of providing Services.
Your information must not:
(a) infringe any third party's rights, including but not limited to intellectual property, publicity or privacy;
(b) be defamatory, trade libelous, threatening or harassing; nor
(c) be obscene, indecent or contain pornography.
We do not endorse any information posted by Registered Users and we are not liable for any such information posted on the Website, including but not
limited to any information posted about you. We reserve the right to take any action, in our sole discretion, with respect to information posted on
the
Website which we believe is inappropriate, including but not limited to termination of your Account. However, we cannot, nor do we, control the
information provided by you or other Registered Users or other content providers which is made available through our system.
(C) Removal of Content for which Copyright Infringement Is Claimed
Pursuant to 17 USC. ยง 512 as amended by Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Guru.com has implemented procedures for receiving written
notification of claimed infringements and for processing such claims in accordance with the Act. If you believe your copyrights are being infringed by a User of
the Website, please fill out a Notice of Infringement form and fax it to Guru.com Copyright Infringement Notices at 412-202-0075.
The information requested by the Notice of Infringement form substantively complies with the safe harbor provisions of the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act, 17 USC. ยง 512(c)(3)(A), which provides that a notification of claimed infringement must be a written communication provided to the designated agent
that includes substantially the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online website are
covered by a single
notification, a representative list of such works at such website.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or
access to which is to
be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the Freelancer to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the Freelancer to contact the complaining party such as an address, telephone number, and if
available, an
electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the
copyright owner,
its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining
party is authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Notification from a copyright owner or from a person authorized
to act on behalf of
the copyright owner that fails to comply substantially with the provisions above shall not be considered as providing actual knowledge or an
awareness of facts or
circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent.
Additionally, you are required to provide a Notice of Infringement form each time you wish to report alleged acts of infringement and fax it to the
number provided above.
Representations, Disclaimers, Limitations And Exclusions
(A) Registered User Representations and Warranties
All Registered Users represent, warrant, and agree:
not to grant access to an Account only to users authorized to act on behalf of the
Registered User and only in accordance with these Terms of Service.
to be fully responsible and liable for any action of any user who uses your Account.
not to use your Account, username, or password of another Registered User that you are not expressly authorized to use.
not to allow any third party who is not authorized to do so to use your Account at any time.
not to use any device, software or routine, including but not limited to any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, robots or denial-of-service
attacks, intended to damage or interfere with the operation of the Website or any transaction being conducted through the Website.
not to intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information from the Website.
not to take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website infrastructure, including but not limited to
"spam" or other such unsolicited mass emailing techniques.
that it has the right and authority to enter into the Terms of Service and to transact business hereunder.
that they are using the Website solely for the purpose of entering into a bona fide business transaction with other Registered Users.
that they will not use the Website or its services to defraud or mislead any person or entity,
including without limitation Guru.com or any Register User.
that they will not use the Website to violate any law or regulation of the United States of America or any international law or treaty.
that they are not a resident national of, or, an entity located in any country subject to economic sanctions imposed by the government of the United
States of America. The current list of US sanctions can be found
here.
that they are not currently and have never been listed as a Specially Designated National by the United Stated Department of
Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC").
that they will not use the Website in connection with any "prohibited transaction" as defined under the Cuban Assets Control Regulations, 31 C.F.R.
Part 515; Iranian Transactions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 560; or Sudanese Sanction Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 538; Former Liberian Regime of Charles
Taylor Sanctions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 593; Burmese Sanctions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. Part 537; Foreign Assets Control Regulations as they relate to
North Korea, 31 C.F.R. Part 500; Executive Order 1338; or any other law, regulation or executive order of the United States of America.
(B) Warranty Disclaimer
THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY GURU.COM OR OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AS AVAILABLE, AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS (EXPRESS
OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARISING BY STATUTE OR
OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OR TRADE). WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE
QUALITY, IDENTITY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY THIRD PARTY, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OF THE POSTINGS MADE ON THE WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY. SOME STATES AND
JURISDICTIONS
DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
(C) Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER REGISTERED USER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL
OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, EVEN IF
ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY ACTION OR CLAIM
RELATED
TO THE WEBSITE SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EXCEED THE
GREATER
OF: (A) $100 OR (B) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF MONIES ACTUALLY COLLECTED BY US FROM YOU FOR THE SERVICES TO WHICH THE LIABILITY RELATES DURING THE SIX (6)
MONTH
PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DETERMINATION OF SUCH LIABILITY. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR ALL THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND
LIMITATIONS OF
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO TO THAT EXTENT, IF ANY, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
(D) General Release
If you have a dispute with another Registered User, you release Guru.com (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees)
from
claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such
dispute.
(E) State Specific Release
YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE ยง1542 (AND ANY ANALOGOUS LAW IN ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION) WHICH SAYS: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO
CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY
AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR."
(F) Indemnity
You agree to defend, hold harmless and indemnify Guru.com from and against any and all losses, costs, expenses, damages or other liabilities incurred by
Guru.com
from and against any cost, liability, loss, damage, cause of action, claim, suit, proceeding, demand or action brought by a third party against Guru.com:
(1) in connection with your use of the Services including any payment obligations incurred through use of the Guru Billing and Payment Services;
or (2) resulting from:
(a) your use of the Website
(b) your decision to supply credit information via the Website, including personal financial information;
(c) your decision to submit postings and accept offers from other Registered Users;
(d) any breach of contract or other claims made by Registered Users with which you conducted business through the Website;
(e) your breach of any provision of these Terms of Service;
(f) any liability arising from the tax treatment of payments or any portion thereof;
(g) any negligent or intentional wrongdoing by any Registered User;
(h) any act or omission of yours with respect to the payment of fees to any Freelancer;
(i) your dispute of or failure to pay any Invoice or any other Payment; or
(j) your obligations to a Freelancer. Any such indemnification shall be conditioned on our:
(i) notifying you in writing of any such claim, demand, action, cost, liability, loss or threat of any thereof;
(ii) cooperating with you in the defense or settlement thereof; and
(iii) allowing you to control such defense or settlement. We shall be entitled to participate in such defense through our own counsel at our
own cost and expense. We reserve the right to report any wrongdoing of which we become aware to the applicable government agencies or otherwise.
(G) Links
The Website may contain links to third-party web sites not under the control or operation of Guru.com. When we provide links, we do so only as a convenience
and
do not endorse and are not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
(H) Data
You are responsible for creation, storage, and backup of your business records. These Terms of Service and any registration for or subsequent use of this
Website will not be construed as creating any responsibility on Guru.com's part to store, backup, retain, or grant access to any information or data for any
period.
Miscellaneous Terms And Conditions
(A) Compliance with Law
You are responsible for compliance with applicable U.S. state, U.S. federal and international laws,
regulation and treaties, keeping in mind that access to the
contents of this Website may not be legal for or by certain persons or in certain countries.
(B) Modification and Waiver
Guru.com will not be considered to have modified or waived any of our rights or remedies under these Terms of Service unless the modification or waiver is
in
writing and signed by an authorized representative of Guru.com. No delay or omission by Guru.com in exercising its rights or remedies will impair its rights
or
be construed as a waiver. Any single or partial exercise of a right or remedy will not preclude further exercise of any other right or remedy.
(C) Severability
If any part of these Terms of Service is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest
extent possible and the remainder will remain in full force and effect.
(D) Assignment or Transfer
You will not transfer, assign or delegate your rights or obligations (including your Account) under these Terms of Service to anyone without the express
written
permission of Guru.com, and any attempt to do so will be null and void. Guru.com may assign these Terms of Service in its sole discretion.
(E) State Specific Legal Notice
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1789.3 and California Business and Professions Code Section 17538, residents of California are hereby advised of
the
following: Guru.com, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is the provider of the electronic commercial service on the Website. Registered Users are notified
in
advance regarding any applicable service charges. The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs
in
California may be contacted in writing at 400 R. Street, Suite 3090, Sacramento, CA 95814 or by calling 1-800-952-5210. Upon your request, you may have this
Agreement sent to you by email. Please feel free to contact Guru.com to resolve a complaint regarding any aspect of service relating to the Website by
writing
to the above address, or contact us at info@guru.com.
(F) Force Majeure
Except for the payment of fees to Guru.com, neither of the parties to these Terms of Service shall be responsible for the failure to perform or any delay in
performance of any obligation hereunder due to labor disturbances, accidents, fires, floods, telecommunications or Internet failures, strikes, wars, riots,
rebellions, blockades, acts of government, governmental requirements and regulations or restrictions imposed by law or any other similar conditions beyond
the
reasonable control of such party. The time for performance of such party shall be extended by the period of such delay.
(G) Notice
All notices required or permitted to be given under these Terms of Service, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered
personally or sent by pre-paid telex, telefax or telegram, or mailed first-class, postage pre-paid, by registered or certified mail (notices sent by telex
or
telefax, or telegram, shall be deemed to have been given on the date sent; those mailed shall be deemed to have been given ten (10) business days after
mailing)
to the addresses set forth below or to such other address as any party shall designate by notice in writing.
If to Guru.com
Attention Inder Guglani
5001 Baum Blvd., Suite 760
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
If to Registered User:
To the address associated with Registered User's access or login information.
(H) Headings and Labels.
The boldface paragraph headings in these Terms of Service are included for ease of reference only and have no binding effect.
(I) Integration.
These Terms of Service and all documents referenced in these Terms of Service (including the policies listed and available by hyperlink) comprise the entire
agreement between you and Guru.com with respect to the use of this Website and supersede all prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject
matter
contained herein as well as any conflicting or inconsistent terms in any Website that link to or are linked from the Website.
(J) Survival
Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12 will survive any termination of these Terms of Service for any reason.