https://www.waterax.com/en/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
WATERAX Privacy Policy
Effective September 15, 2015
WATERAX values and protects your right to privacy. We only use fair and lawful methods of collecting personal information. We only collect, use and disclose your personal information for purposes that would be considered reasonable in the circumstances and only such information as is required for the purposes of providing you with our products and services.
All WATERAX staff and employees are committed to maintaining and protecting the confidentiality of your personal information in accordance with the federal Personal Information and Protection of Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), as well as provincial private-sector laws which have been declared to be “substantially similar” to PIPEDA, to the extent they apply to WATERAX.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) provides guidelines that WATERAX uses to ensure proper handling of all consumer personal information.
By providing your personal information to WATERAX, you agree and consent that we may collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy. In addition, where appropriate, specific authorizations or consents may be obtained from time to time.
What is personal information?
“Personal information” is information, recorded in any form, about an identified individual or an individual whose identity may be inferred or determined from such information. “Personal information” does not include business contact information, with the exception of business email addresses.
This Policy does not cover aggregated data from which the identity of an individual cannot be determined. WATERAX reserves the right to use aggregated data in any way that it determines appropriate.
Why and how we may collect personal information
WATERAX may collect your personal information when you:
Visit the WATERAX Web site (www.waterax.com). While visiting the WATERAX Web site, consumers may be asked to provide the following information about themselves in order to obtain more information about our products or services: email address; first name; last name; rank or job title (e.g. buyer, mechanic, chief of department, firefighter, training officer or other), job function (e.g. management, training, prevention, suppression, maintenance or other); nature of primary business (e.g. municipal department, original equipment manufacturer, dealer/distributor, wildland/interface, e-commerce retailer or other), company name and street address. In addition, you may voluntarily provide the complete address of your company.
Call WATERAX. When consumers call WATERAX, we might ask for their names, address, phone number, and other consumer profile information that helps us better serve their needs in the future. We will collect this information only if you have given us permission to do so. This information helps facilitate communication with our consumers by allowing us to quickly and efficiently identify the consumer.
Respond to various marketing or advertising campaigns. When you respond to notices, advertisements or offers, such as those provided in the WATERAX monthly eNewsletter (i.e. product updates, product introductions, genuine parts updates, and tech-notes) as well as demonstration videos and how-to videos, you may be asked to provide your contact and other personal information. The collection of this consumer information is completely voluntary.
How will waterax use your personal information?
The consumer information we collect allows us to better understand our consumers and their product and service preferences. Consumer profiles help us develop products and services which meet our consumers’ needs. Consumer information may be used for various research projects aimed to better understand our consumers’ preferences. The data may be used to evaluate consumer reactions to content, products, and services offered online. It may also include using the consumer’s name and address for direct mail or other consumer communication methods. Our use of personal information is limited to the purposes described in this Policy. WATERAX does not otherwise sell, trade, barter, exchange or disclose for consideration any personal information it has obtained.
Who may have access to your personal information?
We maintain strict controls over access to personal information you share with WATERAX. Within WATERAX, access to your personal information is granted only to authorized employees and agents of WATERAX who require access to fulfill their job requirements, or on a “need to know” basis. All WATERAX personnel are expected to sign a Confidentiality/Privacy Agreement that specifies that identifying information about consumers is confidential and cannot be disclosed to anyone outside WATERAX.
When waterax may disclose your personal information
WATERAX does not disclose any of your private information without your informed consent, unless we are required or permitted to by law (including in order to comply with a court order, federal or provincial regulations, or a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency). Where obligated or permitted to disclose information without consent, WATERAX will not disclose more information than required.
Giving consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information
Unless permitted by law, WATERAX will not collect your personal information without first obtaining your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information. By providing your personal information to WATERAX, you agree and consent that we may collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy. However, we may seek consent to use and disclose your personal information after it has been collected in those cases where we wish to use the information for a new or different purpose.
Withdrawing consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information
You are free to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable, advance notice. However, it should be noted that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide you with certain products or services.
Email communications
We would only contact you by email if you have given us express permission to do so or if we are otherwise permitted by law by law to email individual consumers. All such communications between WATERAX and consumers are compliant with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL).
Protection of personal information
WATERAX recognizes the sensitivity of your personal information and protects it using appropriate physical, electronic or procedural security measures with respect to its offices and information storage facilities. This may include safeguards to protect against loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. This also applies to our disposal or destruction of personal information.
Only authorized employees and agents of WATERAX, who require access to your personal information to fulfill their job requirements, will have access to your personal information. All personal information files and data are the sole property of WATERAX and are stored in a secure location or on a secure server.
In case of a breach of security safeguards, such as the loss of, unauthorized access to or unauthorized disclosure of personal information under WATERAX control, and if the breach posses a real risk of significant harm to you, we will notify you and the Privacy Commissioner of Canada or the appropriate provincial commissioner, as well as any other organization that may reduce the risk or mitigate the harm from the breach.
Accuracy and retention of personal information
WATERAX endeavours to ensure that any personal information provided and in its possession is as accurate, current and complete as necessary for the purposes for which we use that information. If we become aware that personal information is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, WATERAX will revise the personal information and, if necessary, use its best efforts to inform third parties which were provided with inaccurate information so that those third parties may also correct their records.
We keep your personal information only as long as it is required for the reasons it was collected. The length of time we retain information varies, depending on the purpose for which it was collected and the nature of the information. This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us but it will be only for so long as it is necessary for us to have sufficient information to respond to any issues that may arise at a later date. When your personal information is no longer required for WATERAX purposes, we have procedures to destroy, delete, erase or convert it into an anonymous form.
If you would like to access or correct WATERAX file of your personal information, you may contact WATERAX Privacy Officer by email or telephone as listed below. Your right to access or correct your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions.
Resolving your privacy concerns
In the event of questions about: (i) access to your personal information; (ii) our collection, use, management or disclosure of personal information; or (iii) this Policy; please contact WATERAX by sending an e-mail to (info@waterax.com) or calling (855) 616-1818 and ask for the Privacy Officer.
WATERAX will investigate all complaints and if a complaint is justified, we will take all reasonable steps to resolve the issue.
If we are unable to resolve your concerns to your satisfaction you may contact the Privacy Commissioner of Canada by writing to:
The Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Place de Ville
Tower B, 3rd Floor
112 Kent Street
Ottawa, Ontario K1A 1H3
Privacy policy changes
This Policy may be revised from time to time. If we intend to use or disclose personal information for purposes not described in this Policy, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals in advance, if necessary. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should contact us as described above or check back at our website periodically to obtain a current copy of this Policy.