https://www.amitroncorp.com/privacy-policy.html
(847) 290-9800
cssales@amitroncorp.com
Toggle navigation
About Us
Why Choose Amitron?
Facility Tour
Certifications
Industries Served
LED PCBs
Aerospace – Radio & Satellite PCBs
Consumer Electronic PCBs
Automotive PCBs
Maritime PCBs
Military & Defense PCBs
Telecom PCBs
Medical PCBs
Press Releases
Circuit Boards
Prototype PCBs
Production PCBs
Aluminum PCB
Heavy Copper PCB
Multilayer PCB
Single Sided PCB
Double Sided PCB
Capabilities
PCB Capabilities
Via Fill/ Via In Pad
Blind & Buried Via
Controlled Impedance
SIPAD Solid Solder Coating Services
Quickturn: 1-4 Day
PCB Secrets
PCB Tools
PCB Ordering Checklists
PCB Buyer’s Guide
Aluminum PCB Guide
PCB Terms
Industry Resources
Get a Quote
Contact Us
Reviews
Privacy Policy
Amitron Corp. will not sell or provide any personal information to anyone without your permission.
Amitron Corp. is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website. Amitron Corp. will never use any personal information collected at this site for any purpose other than internal use and registrants will be automatically added to mailing lists (in the event of receiving unwanted emails, registrants can easily opt out in only one step).
If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us at cssales@amitroncorp.com.
Types of Information
The following is an explanation of the types of information that are collected from visitors at this site.
Anonymous Information — Amitron Corp. will track visitor activity to our site using IP addresses and set temporary cookies to track user sessions. This data helps us keep track of the number of visitors and help facilitate the dynamic nature of our site. This information is not connected in any way with personal information (name, address, etc.). The user’s identity remains anonymous with this type of information.
Registration Information — If a visitor to our site fills out the Registration form, this information will be used to process any orders, or initiate contact with Amitron Corp. only. The registrant has the choice of being added to email or postal mailing lists but is not required to do so. No one outside of Amitron Corp. will ever have access to your personal information.
Registration information is stored in a database on a secure server. The database is password protected and is only accessible by Amitron Corp.’s servers and authorized personnel of Amitron Corp.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party websites linked to Amitron Corp.’s web site are not covered by this privacy statement.
Search for:
Exclusive Offer:
Please leave this field emptyFirst Name *
Last Name
Company Name *
Email *
Thanks, please check your email inbox to confirm your subscription and receive the guide!
PCB Secrets
Amitron Upgrades Laser Direct Imaging System for High-Speed Production
4 FREE Tools Everyone in Electronic Manufacturing Should Be Using
Top 3 Misconceptions About the Printed Circuit Board Industry
Service Center Login
Events
Privacy Policy
Search Content on this Site
Search for:
Amitron Corp.
2001 Landmeier Road
Elk Grove Village, IL 60007
(847) 290-9800
Copyright © 2020 Amitron Corp.
All Rights Reserved.
Web Design by The Marketing Plug
Copyright 2020 Amitron | U.S. PCB Manufacturer
Modality Theme powered by WordPress