http://www.canningconveyor.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyGeneral Overview and Use of DataThis privacy policy sets out how Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd uses, stores, protects and manages any information you provide when you use this website.Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified, we will only use that information in accordance with this privacy statement.Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd may change this privacy policy over time. If we do, then this page will be updated in line with any amends made to the privacy policy. This current privacy policy is effective as of May 2018.What Data We CollectThrough this website, we may collect the following information:Name and job title.Contact information including: name, address, telephone number and email.Information relevant to surveys and/or offers.Demographic information such as preferences, postcode and interests.How Do We Use the Information We GatherWe gather the information detailed in the ‘What Data We Collect’ section to help us to understand your needs and educate us around how to provide you with a better service.We collect the data for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.Improvement of our products and services.We may periodically send you promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information to the email address you’ve provided. We would do this if we think the content would be of interest to you.We may occasionally contact you for market research purposes via email, phone or mail.We may use the information you provide to customise the Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd website according to your interests.Data SecurityCanning Conveyor Co. Ltd is committed to ensuring that your information is stored securely. To prevent unauthorised access to your data, we have put suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures in place. These will safeguard and secure any information you provide to us online or via other methods of communication against:Accidental lossUnwanted accessDestructionAlterationDisclosureUnauthorised processingWhat Happens When You Browse Our Website?Where possible, each time you connect to the Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd website, we store a log of your visit that shows the unique identifier of your machine. This tells us:What your machine has looked at.Whether the page request was successful or not.Which browser your machine used to view the pages.This data is used for statistical purposes, as well as to help us to customise the user experience as you browse the site and interact with Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd.This helps us to understand which areas of the Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd website are of interest to you. It also enables us to understand:How many people are visiting the website in total.Which areas of the site are of particular interest.Which pages are not being requested.Which products or services may be of specific interest to you.We may attempt to contact you using any of the information provided by you, including, without limitation, when you are using the wrong paths to access the Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd website or are in breach of restrictions on the use of our site.Links to Other WebsitesThe Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd website may contain links to other websites of interest. Please be aware that once you follow any of these links, you should note that we do not have any control over that website or how they use your information.We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such websites. Such websites are also not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling Your Personal Information and Deletion of Your DataWhenever you fill out a form on our website, you will be asked whether you want to subscribe to ongoing marketing communications. You will initially be opted out as a matter of default. If you chose to subscribe to communications from us previously but no longer want to receive them, you can email sales@canningconveyor.co.uk to unsubscribe at any time.If you make a request for us to delete your data, we will ensure your data is removed in line with GDPR. The Data Controller will delete the information from our own records and confirm compliance. The Data Controller will also ensure the data held on any subsystems or within third parties is deleted.You can contact Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd to request a copy of the personal information held about you at any time. If, however, subject access requests are deemed to be ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’, you may be charged a fee, in order for us to complete the administration work required to fulfil the request.Email CommunicationWe do not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we:Have your permissionAre required by law to do soWe may use your information to send you promotional content about Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd and third parties which we think you may find interesting. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can opt out at the point of subscription to marketing communications or at a future date of your choosing.We adhere to the following guidelines with our email communications:Emails will clearly identify us as the sender.Emails sent to you for marketing purposes will include an unsubscribe option.You may unsubscribe from all mailing lists - with the exception of any emails regarding legal notices, invoices or license renewals - at any time.Any third parties who send emails on our behalf will be required to comply with legislative requirements on unsolicited emails and the use of personal data.We may send emails from a number of different domains in both plain text and HTML email formats. Emails are usually sent using the domain @canningconveyor.co.uKContactThis is the website of Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd, a company registered in England under company number 00858193 whose registered office is at Main Office, Sandy Lane Industrial Estate, Sandy Lane, Worksop, S80 1TN and whose VAT registration number is GB439529811You may request details of personal information we hold about you under the GDPR which comes into force on 25th May 2018. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, or you would like us to delete any data we hold about you, please email Canning Conveyor Co. Ltd.Selected data such as billing data may need to be retained for a length of time until the data is no longer reasonably required.