http://www.victorymortgage.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What does Victory Mortgage do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers personal information; the reasons Victory Mortgage chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Victory Mortgage share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
Who we are
Victory Mortgage is providing this notice
What we do
How does Victory Mortgage protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Victory Mortgage collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or apply for a loan
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a "Victory" name; financial companies such as Victory Community Bank; and nonfinancial companies such as Homestead Title Agency, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Victory Mortgage does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Victory Mortgage doesn't jointly market.