https://www.apache.ie/legal
Login
Register
Foodtruck
Stores
Customer Service
Meal Deals
Pizza
Chips & Dips
Sides
Chicken
Burgers
Drinks & Desserts
More
Order
Add products to your cart!
Delivery
Collection
Select your store
Select another store
Legal Information
RULES OF THE PROMOTIONAL ACTION CALLED: "#VALENTINE DAYS"
1. SCOPE
Limited to all Internet users in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. Addressed to all Internet users who access through the website https://www.facebook.com/ApachePizza/ , or through the Instagram App, with the requirements and limitations specified below.
2. PERIOD OF VALIDITY OF PROMOTION
Internet users can participate in the promotion during the following period only:
From 10 February 2020 at 11:00a.m. to 14 February 2020, ending at 23:50p.m.
3. HOW IT WORKS
Internet users who:
1) are followers of https://www.facebook.com/ApachePizza/ , place an online order for a "Valentine Special Heart Pizza", write a romantic message in the Remarks section at check-out and upload a photo (maximum size 5mb) followed by the hashtag #LoveApachePizza
or
2) users who log in through their Instagram account, place an online order for a "Valentine Special Heart Pizza", write a romantic message in the Remarks section at check-out and upload a photo (maximum size 5mb) followed by the hashtag #LoveApachePizza Note: Any and all Internet users participating in the promotion acknowledge and agree that the content of comments/mentions may not under any circumstances damage and/or infringe any of the names, images and/or trademarks of Apache and/or Apache Pizza, which are owned by THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED, which it is acknowledged shall be fully entitled to bring any legal or extrajudicial claims and/or seek and recover from Internet users any and all loss and/or damage that may arise from such infringement.
3.1. WAYS TO PARTICIPATE
Participation in this promotion is a prerequisite:
- If you participate through facebook:
1) Be a follower of https://www.facebook.com/ApachePizza/ ,
2) Access through your "facebook" account.
3) Comply with the requirements detailed in 3 above (‘How it Works’), and with all other terms
and conditions of this Promotion.
- If you participate through Instagram:
1) Login to your Instagram account
2) Comply with the requirements detailed in 3 above (‘How it Works;)’), and with all other
terms and conditions of this Promotion.
3.2. PREPARATION OF THIS PROMOTION
On 17 February, 2020, an online draw will take place using the Easypromos tool, to choose
and single (1) winner, who will be the winner of the prize indicated in part 4 below (‘Prizes’).
There will be at least 2 reserve participants, in case the winner does not meet all the
requirements of these Rules, or will not accept the prize, or cannot be contacted.
If the winner participated through facebook-
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will communicate the winner(s) on the APACHE
PIZZA profile on facebook on 17 February, 2020, by contacting that winner via Private Direct
Message (DM). In this Message, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will request a
series of personal details (name and surname(s), passport ID number, date of birth, address and contact telephone
number) which the winners must send to THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED to arrange
for the delivery of the prizes, within a period of no more than 48 hours from the time THE
GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED sent the DM. If you do not meet this deadline, the prize
will be transferred to the reserve winner(s).
In order to enjoy the prizes offered in these Rules, the winner acknowledges and agrees that
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will require the identity of the winners at the time
of the prize giving, which shall be proven by means of official documents (ID card, tax ID or
passport). In the event that the winners’ identity is not confirmed to the satisfaction of THE
GOOD FOOD COMPENT, the winner further acknowledges and agree that s/he will not be
able to enjoy the prize offered in part 4 below and the giving of and receipt of the prize will be
null and void, and the winner will not be able to claim from THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY
LIMITED or any of its associated entities any type of loss, damage or other form of economic
compensation related to the non-receipt of the prize or in connection with the promotional
actions taken by THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED pursuant to these promotional
terms and conditions. The winner agrees that this is a fair and reasonable method for THE
GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED to complete the operation of the promotion and that no
further actions (on social media or otherwise) will be performed by the winner other than with
the prior written clearances of THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED.
If the winner participated through Instagram-
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will communicate on 17 February, 2020 the
winner(s) in the profile of APACHE PIZZA on Instagram, contacting that winner by means of
Direct Private Message (DM). In this Message, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will
request a series of personal details (name and surname(s), passport ID number, date of birth, address and contact
telephone number) which the winners must send to THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED
to arrange for the delivery of the prizes, within a period of no more than 48 hours from the time
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED sent the DM. If you do not meet this deadline, the
prize will be transferred to the reserve winner(s).
In order to enjoy the prizes offered in these Rules, the winner acknowledges and agrees that
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will require the identity of the winners at the time
of the prize giving, which shall be proven by means of official documents (ID card, tax ID or
passport). In the event that the winners’ identity is not confirmed to the satisfaction of THE
GOOD FOOD COMPENT, the winner further acknowledges and agree that s/he will not be
able to enjoy the prize offered in part 4 below and the giving of and receipt of the prize will be
null and void, and the winner will not be able to claim from THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY
LIMITED or any of its associated entities any type of loss, damage or other form of economic
compensation related to the non-receipt of the prize or in connection with the promotional
actions taken by THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED pursuant to these promotional
terms and conditions. The winner agrees that this is a fair and reasonable method for THE
GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED to complete the operation of the promotion and that no
further actions (on social media or otherwise) will be performed by the winner other than with
the prior written clearances of THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED.
3.3. DATA PROTECTION
Detailed information on the use of your personal data is attached to these Guidelines (Annex I).
Internet users in their capacity as participants and/or winners of this promotion give their
express consent to THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED and its associated entities and
agents as data processor and/or data controller the express right(s) to include and process the
data logged and submitted by the Internet user pursuant to the promotion.
Participation in this promotion acknowledge and agree their express and/or implied knowledge
and full acceptance of these Rules.
4. PRIZES
1 Trip to Paris* (winner + one accompanying person).
Conditions of the trip to Paris*.
The trip will be managed by the Travel Agency, "Stein Travel", up to a
maximum amount (for any variation) of up to and no more than €1,400. *All destinations
operated by Stein Travel will be valid within this maximum amount.
It will be a condition that the winner uses this amount (1,400 euros) as a maximum to make the
trip (winner + one accompanying person). It can only be exchanged (i) for a single trip, as set
out in these Rules and (ii) in euros. This trip must be booked by the winner at Stein Travel
on 19th February 2020 and can be taken on these weekends: 6-8th March 2020, 13-15th March
2020, 20-22nd March 2020 or 27-29th March 2020.
If, when choosing the trip, the winner wishes to use a sum of money less than the value of the
prize, i.e. less than 1,400 euros, any and all amounts remaining up to the maximum value of
€1,400 will not be refunded to the winner and are acknowledged by the winner as being agreed
null and invalid. The winner acknowledges and agrees that s/her may not make any claim or
issue any proceeding against THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED or any of its affiliated
entities or agents for any financial or other compensation as a result of the difference between
the overall value of the prize of €1,400 and the trip chosen by the winner that is less than the
overall value of the €1,400 prize. The winner acknowledges and recognises that this is a fair
and reasonable arrangement.
In the alternative, if the amount of the trip chosen by the winner is greater than the value of
€1,400, the amount exceeding €1,400 shall be paid for by, and shall be solely to the account of
the winner, and the winner may not make any claim or issue any proceeding against THE
GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED or any of its affiliated entities or agents for any financial
or other compensation related to the final value of the trip chosen by the winner. The winner
acknowledges and recognizes that this a fair and reasonable arrangement.
Once THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED contacts the validly determined winner (as so
determined with the requirements of these Rules), it will provide him/her with all the necessary
information and the contact details of the Travel Agency (“Stein Travel”), so
that the winner may book with this Agency the trip to the stated maximum amount of €1,400.
Note that this amount can be utilised by the winner to cover available Agency hotel, transfers,
accommodation, taxes, insurance, excursions, etc. (as provided by Stein Travel at the time of
booking and subject to the time period of booking permitted) subject that those different
booking elements do not exceed €1,400 (and if they do, that the winner shall pay for those
additional costs directly with Stein Travel).
5. LIMITATIONS
No one under 18 years of age or not resident in Republic of Ireland or Northern Ireland may
participate in this promotional action.
The prizes are personal and non-transferable, and cannot be exchanged for any other service or
given by the winners to third parties. Likewise, they cannot be exchanged for money or money’s
worth and this is agreed as a fair and reasonable stipulation by participating Internet users to the
proper operation of the promotion.
6. AWARD RECIPIENTS
The participation in this promotion acknowledge and agree:
- The full acceptance of these Rules (in case of any doubt in their interpretation, the Internet
user agrees that the organiser’s criteria will at all times prevail).
- The express waiver of the jurisdiction that may correspond to the participants, accepting the
Courts of Dublin, Ireland are the competent exclusive jurisdiction for any and all Internet users
in this promotion, as the appropriate venue to determine any and all matters of dispute arising
from these Rules, it being acknowledged and agreed by the Internet user that THE GOOD
FOOD COMPANY LIMITED shall solely be permitted to enforce its rights in any other
jurisdiction against participants in breach of any or all of the Rule of the promotion.
The winner acknowledges and agrees that the prize(s) may be subject to personal income tac
legislation or statutory instruments in force from time to time and it is a precondition of the
receipt of any prize that the winner acknowledges its agreement to accord with and make
payment to the Revenue Commissioners (or in Northern Ireland HMRC) any taxation that may
arise from the receipt of the prize. The winner acknowledges and agrees that THE GOOD
FOOD COMPANY LIMITED and its affiliated entities and agents shall have no liability
whatsoever for any claims by tax authorities as against the winner(s) regarding the taxable
rating or taxable basis (or otherwise) that may apply to the winner as a result of receipt of the
prize(s).
7. BROADCASTING OF THIS PROMOTION
This promotion will be broadcast on the social networks Facebook and Instagram, through the
Apache Pizza profile.
The Rules will be available to the participants in the post of the aforementioned social networks.
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED reserves the right to modify or cancel this
promotional action and these Rules in whole or in part at any time.
8. WAIVER OR INABILITY TO ENJOY THE PRIZE
In the event that, for any reason, the winner(s) do not accept the prizes or fail to accord with the
requirements of the organiser, or fail to make use of the prize as given to them, then it is
understood and agree by the winner(s) that they will automatically lose their status as winners to
any and all prizes and the terms of these Rules shall be applied to (and complied with by) that
Internet user.
9. RIGHT TO DISPOSE OF FRAUDULENT HOLDINGS
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED reserves the right at any time and in its sole
discretion any Internet user who seeks to defraud or otherwise inappropriately manipulate or
misrepresent or misstate the organiser’s proper functioning and normal course of this promotion
or who does not at all times (both during and following the awarding of the prize) comply in full
with these Rules. THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED intends that all participants
participate in this promotional action under equal conditions and in strict compliance with good
faith.
In addition, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED reserves the right to eliminate any
Internet user who uses words, terms, visual representations or photographs of any description
that relate to violence, pornography, hate, racism, discrimination, xenophobia, advocacy of
terrorism and in general, that are contrary to the law or public order in Ireland or any other
jurisdiction and THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED and its affiliated entities reserve
the right to inform law enforcement agencies in the event that any submission is deemed to be
contrary to law or public order.
10. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
Internet users that participate in this promotion acknowledge and agree that THE GOOD FOOD
COMPANY LIMITED and its affiliated entities and agents shall have no liability whatsoever if
the prizes are not received according to its instructions or are not enjoyed by the winner or with
respect to any other aspect of the promotion.
11. DISCLAIMER
By accepting these Rules, participants and winners of this promotion fully release Facebook and
Instagram and Stein Travel from any and all liability connected with this promotion or its
operation.
This promotion is not sponsored, endorsed, administered or associated in any way with
Facebook or Instagram, or Stein Travel (other than in respect of the booking of the prize).
ANNEX I
Detailed information on the use of your personal data
1. CONTROLLER
Who is responsible for processing your data?
Identity: The Good Food Company Limited
Postal address: Unit 11 Balbriggan Business Park, Balbriggan Co. Dublin K32 VE42
DPO contact: privacy@apache.ie
2. PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
For what purpose do we process your personal data?
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED processes the information provided by the winners
for the purpose of managing participation in this promotional action and delivering the prizes.
In the event that a winner of this promotion is awarded, each winner expressly consents to the
publication of their personal data on THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED's profile on
Facebook and Instagram and to THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED contacting each
winner by sending a private Direct Message. In the event that APACHE PIZZA processes their
personal data for purposes other than those for which they were obtained (as defined above),
you will be provided, prior to such processing, with information about this new purpose.
The winner will be solely responsible for providing accurate, complete and updated data both
for him/her and for the accompanying persons.
How long will we keep your data?
The personal data provided will be kept for as long as you do not request their deletion and as
long as they are adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which
they are processed.
Will it be necessary to provide us with all your data?
Yes, it will be necessary for you to provide all the personal data identified as obligatory in these
Rules in point 3.2, in order to be able to award the prizes to the winners.
3. CONFIDENTIALITY
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED undertakes to respect its confidentiality and to use
them in accordance with the purposes for which they are processed, and to comply with its
obligation to safeguard them and to take all measures to prevent their alteration, loss, processing
or unauthorised access, in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection
Regulations as implemented in Ireland.
4. STANDARD OF USE AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE USER
The user declares and warrants to THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED that s/he is of
legal age required by these Rules and has the legal capacity to participate in this promotional
action.
In this regard, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED may take all measures it deems
appropriate to effectively verify the age of users, and may be required by THE GOOD FOOD
COMPANY LIMITED at any time, to prove their age by providing a photocopy of their ID card
or equivalent document. A refusal by the user to comply with this requirement, or failure to
respond within the time limit specified by THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED, shall
entitle THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED to suspend or cancel his or her participation
(of the user) in this promotion.
In the event that THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED were to launch a special prize
draw relating to products or services aimed at children, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY
LIMITED reserves the right to take the necessary legal steps to allow minors to participate in
such promotions, obtaining the consent of parents or guardians (responsible) where appropriate,
and taking special data checking and security measures where necessary.
The user undertakes to provide the necessary data in a true and accurate manner. The lack of
veracity or incomplete delivery of the data provided will be the sole responsibility of the user
and may mean non-participation in this promotion.
5. LEGITIMATION
What is the legitimacy for the processing of your data?
The legal basis for the processing of your data is based on the Internet user’s consent to
participate in this promotion.
Does the winner have the right to withdraw his/her consent?
Yes, the winner has the right to withdraw his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the
lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to withdrawal.
Will there be automated individual decisions and/or profiling, which produce legal effects
or affect the winner significantly in a similar way?
No, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will not carry out automated decisions and/or
profiling with the data provided by the winner.
6. DATA RECIPIENTS
Will your data be communicated to other companies?
THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED may communicate your data, for the purposes
described in the section "For what purpose do we process your personal data", to other
companies of the Group and/or Telepizza Chain within the catering sector, as well as to other
companies related to its activities and promotions (leisure, travel, food, telecommunications,
culture and services) that collaborate now or in the future in the activities or promotional
campaigns developed by THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED.
In particular, it is envisaged that the winner's details will be communicated to SteinTravel
for the purpose of managing the awarding of the prize.
In addition, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED will communicate your data to the
companies in charge of managing the various draws, which act as data processors and THE
GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED is the data controller. Consequently, these companies
will have access to the User's data for the aforementioned purpose, acting at all times on behalf
of THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED.
7. RECIPIENTS OF INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
To which recipients will your data be communicated?
There are no plans for international data transfer.
8. RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTIES
What are your rights when you provide us with your data?
Everyone has the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning
them is being processed at THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED.
Also, as provided in the General Data Protection Regulations, we inform you that you have the
following rights:
Access to your data
You have the right to access your data in order to know what personal data we are processing concerning you.
Request the rectification or deletion of your data
In certain circumstances, you have the right to rectify inaccurate personal data concerning you that are processed by us or even to request their deletion when, among other reasons, the data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected.
Request limitation of the processing of your data
Under certain circumstances, you will be entitled to request us to limit the processing of your data, in which case we inform you that we will only keep them for the exercise or defence of claims as provided for in the General Data Protection Regulations.
To the portability of your data
In certain circumstances, you will be entitled to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit them to another controller.
To oppose the processing of your data
In certain circumstances and for reasons related to your particular situation, you will have the right to object to the processing of your data in which case we will stop processing it unless there are compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defence of any claims.
Where should you go to exercise your rights?
To exercise the aforementioned rights, the interested party may contact Apache Pizza in
writing, indicating on the envelope "Data Protection";, and addressed to the DPO of THE
GOOD FOOD COMPANY LIMITED, Unit 11 Balbriggan Business Park, Balbriggan Co.
Dublin K32 VE42, Ireland. In either case, the application must be accompanied by a copy
of the identification document (DNI, NIE/NIF, passport), indicating the right to be
exercised.
When will we respond to your request?
We will respond to your request as soon as possible and, in any case, within a maximum
period of one month from receipt of the request. Taking into account the complexity and the
number of applications received, this period may be extended for a further two months if
necessary, in which case APACHE PIZZA will inform the interested party of such
extensions within one month of receipt of the application, indicating the reasons for the
delay.
Is the interested party entitled to make a claim?
Yes, the data of the user, especially when he or she has not obtained satisfaction in the
exercise of his or her rights, has the right to file a complaint with the national supervisory
authority, in this case the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner, Ireland.
Prior to submitting such a complaint, the interested party may contact the Data Protection
Officer (DPO) at the following e-mail address: privacy@apache.ie.
9. DATA SECURITY
In order to safeguard the security of your personal data, we inform you that we have
adopted all the necessary technical and organisational measures to guarantee the security of
the personal data provided from their its alteration, loss, improper use, disclosure, and
unauthorized processing or access, as required by the personal data protection regulations.
In this regard, THE GOOD FOOD COMPANY guarantees the custody of the data
processed, for which it shall adopt the relevant measures for such purposes, always in
accordance with the state of technology at any given time. Our security measures are
constantly updated in accordance with technological development and obligations of data
protection regulations.
In addition, if you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, you
can contact the above-mentioned entity, in its capacity as the person in charge, who is at
your disposal in case you need additional information to the processing of your personal
data, wish to make suggestions or file complaints.
×
Login
Login to your Apache Pizza Account
Login with Facebook or
Remember me
Change or forgot password
Register
Register now and be able to profit from our deals and keep updated about them!
Register
×
Register
Register now with an Apache Pizza Account
Login with Facebook or
Password strength
At least 8 characters
At least one lowercase letter
At least one capital letter
At least one punctuation mark (@$!%*?&)
ReceiveOffersByEmail
Yes, I have interest in Apache promotional offers and messages by SMS
I accept the terms and conditions
Terms of use Read more on our Terms of use. Learn how we collect, use and share your data in our Data Policy and how we use cookies and similar technology in our Cookie Policy.
We are using cookies
Important change for permission for the use of cookies for advertisement and social media. Read about what we are using when placing a cookie on our cookie statement page.
If you don't want to let your internet behaviour used for this, please change your cookie settings.
Edit settings Approve