http://www.mazonhockey.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Pick a currency
GBP
EUR
Close menu
Shop
Sticks
All Sticks
BlackMagic
Hybridz
Fusion Thousand
Fusion Hundred
Woodcore
Junior
Indoor
Bags
All Bags
Combo & Sticks Bags
Backpacks
Carry Bags
Drink & Ball Bags
Players Gear
Shinguards
Gloves
Face Masks
Mouth Guards
Grips & Tapes
Goalie Gear
Goalie Ranges
Goalie Sticks
Goalie Bags
Upper Body Protection
Lower Body Protection
Helmets
Smocks
Parts & Accessories
More
Apparel
Training
Coaching
Umpiring
Hockey Balls
Souvenirs
Outlet
Team Mazon
Apply For Sponsorship
#teammazon
Internationals
Retailers
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Pick a currency
GBP
EUR
Pick a currency
Region
Europe
Oceania
Argentina
Privacy policy
Secure Payment - PayPal
Payment is processed by PayPal. A link at checkout will securely take you to PayPal link, here you can pay via an existing account or pay by credit card. Meaning that the procedures in place are secure and safe according to PayPal. We keep no financial details on record.  If you need more information please follow the link provided - https://www.paypal.com
Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or to be gathered by Mazon Hockey is controlled primarily by Select Sports, the data controllers, at 18 Decor Drive, Hallam, Victoria 3803 Australia
Email: customerservices@mazonhockey.com
The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your shopping experience at Mazon Hockey. We use the information to handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us, display content such as customer reviews and recommend merchandise that might be of interest to you. We also use this information to improve our store and platform, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Mazon Hockey.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Mazon Hockey if your computer supports such capabilities. To unsubscribe from our mailing list simply click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every marketing email and you will be opted out of all email communications.
Information from Other Sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we DO NOT sell it to others. Mazon Hockey shares customer information only as described below:
Third Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links) and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for any other purposes.
Protection of Mazon hockey and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of Mazon Hockey, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice.
Cookie Collection
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide features such as personalised greetings and storage of items in your Shopping Basket between visits.
Cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Mazon Hockey’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any Mazon Hockey products and services that require you to Sign in.
"By using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency."
Security of Personal Information
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
Social Media
We are cautious when using photos from social media and follow strict government guidelines. But when photos are sent in or tagged on Instagram relating to Mazon Hockey we may use these images from time to time. If you do find a photo used which you want to be removed please contact us : info@mazonhockey.com
Images
Any images sent to us we might use on the website or for promotional use. Feel free to share photos with us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or via email : info@mazonhockey.com
"Close (esc)"