http://www.mountainsmith.com/privacy-policy
We are currently experiencing a shipping delay of 2+ days and apologize for any inconvenience.
Privacy Policy
MOUNTAINSMITH, LLC
RESPECTS YOUR PRIVACY. ACCORDINGLY, IT HAS ADOPTED THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE MOUNTAINSMITH.COM WEB SITE. THIS policy notifies you of:
the organization collecting the information,
how the information is used,
with whom the information may be shared,
what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information,
the kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, deletion, alteration, use or disclosure of information you provide to Mountainsmith.com, and
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information you provide to us. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us here.
SCOPE OF POLICY
This policy applies to Mountainsmith.com’s treatment of personally identifiable information that is collected through the Mountainsmith.com website. The policy does not apply to practices of companies whose websites may be linked to Mountainsmith.com. For access to the privacy policies of such linked websites, please refer to the information provided by such websites at their home pages. Also see the paragraph below under the heading "Hypertext Links".
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Mountainsmith, LLC collects personally identifiable information when you request information from Mountainsmith.com. On such occasions, Mountainsmith.com may ask for your name, email address, zip code and personal information concerning your interests, occupation, gender and other demographic information. Mountainsmith.com also receives and records information from server logs from your browser including cookie information relating to pages requested.
Mountainsmith, LLC does not seek to collect such information from persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any such information to us. If you are the parent or guardian of a person under the age of 18 who has provided such information to us, please inform us (through the Mountainsmith.com website or telephone number listed above) and we will remove such information from our database as described further below.
In addition, no person (of any age) is required to provide us with the personally identifiable information we request. If you do not wish to provide such information, you are free not to do so. Your provision of requested information to us through the Mountainsmith.com website or other means is presumed by us to be voluntary and with your consent to the uses described herein. If after submitting personally identifiable information to us, you wish to "opt-out," please contact us as noted above and we will remove your information from our database as set forth below in the section titled "Managing Your Information." Please know that such a decision will not stop advertising or content that is generated prior to the time when we can accomplish the removal of your information.
Mountainsmith, LLC uses the information you provide to us to customize advertising and content that we present to you, to contact you concerning specials and new products and to enhance our product offerings. Mountainsmith.com will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third party except when:
You have been given an opportunity to "opt out" of sharing the information and have declined to exercise that right within the time period provided;
Mountainsmith, LLC must share the information in order to provide a product or service that you have requested, in which case we will demand that any third party we use to fulfill your order agree that it does not have the right to use the personally identifiable information other than to fulfill your request; or
Mountainsmith, LLC is required to respond to subpoena, court orders or other legal process requiring such disclosure.
USE OF COOKIES
Mountainsmith.com uses cookies to enhance the interactive nature of your Internet experience and to provide a convenient feature to save you time. Cookies enable Mountainsmith.com to quickly retrieve specific information from previous visits and to recall features that you may have customized on your browser.
MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
You are entitled to request access to and correction of all your personal data collected by us via the Mountainsmith.com website, as well as to require us to delete your data if you no longer want us to process it. You can make such a request or a related inquiry by contacting us here. We will keep your data as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this privacy policy. You may choose not to receive unsolicited marketing material from Mountainsmith.com and you have the right to request deletion of your Mountainsmith.com account information, subject to Mountainsmith, LLC need to keep appropriate archives of its business operations.
SECURITY
Mountainsmith, LLC employs reasonable measures to maintain all personally identifiable information provided by you on computer servers in a controlled and secured environment in an effort to hinder unauthorized access, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of such information. Mountainsmith.com utilizes secure socket layer encryption technology and firewall network protection to protect personally identifiable information that is transmitted to Mountainsmith.com. Unfortunately, the nature of the Internet is such that information may be transmitted over networks without appropriate security measures and may be accessed, deleted, altered, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons.
Because of the international nature of the services and products provided by the Mountainsmith.com website and the nature of Mountainsmith, LLC’s business, personal data may, subject to applicable law, be transferred internationally throughout Mountainsmith, LLC world-wide for the purposes described above. This may mean that personal data are transferred to countries which do not have laws or regulations which protect personal data, such as the United States, where the server for Mountainsmith.com’s website is located. We use reasonable measures to limit the disclosure of the data you provide to us only to certain staff within Mountainsmith, LLC and its affiliates (i.e. staff whose job it is to process your inquiries and survey answers or otherwise to administer the Mountainsmith.com website, and those staff involved in the provision of Mountainsmith.com services and products which may be of interest to you) and to require that they process the data only for the purposes identified in this privacy policy.
To protect Mountainsmith, LLC’s customers from fraudulent transactions on Mountainsmith.com’s e-commerce website, all orders are subject to review and verification. As part of the verification process, an order may be temporarily placed on hold in order to verify credit card billing information, which may include contacting the credit card holder.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS POLICY
Mountainsmith, LLC may make modifications or amendments to this policy from time to time. In the event that such changes alter how Mountainsmith.com gathers, processes, uses or discloses your personally identifiable information, Mountainsmith, LLC will post such changes on our website.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Mountainsmith, LLC, its suppliers, licensors, or the original creators of all materials on the Mountainsmith.com website own all copyrightable subject matter on the Mountainsmith.com website and all trademarks, patents, proprietary information, technologies, products, processes or other proprietary rights of Mountainsmith, LLC and/or such other parties. No license to or right in any such copyrights, trademarks, patents, proprietary information, technologies, products, processes and other proprietary rights of Mountainsmith.com and/or other parties is granted to or conferred upon you. In addition, direct linking, deep linking, framing, page-jacking, meta tagging, and using a robot, spider, or automated device of any kind to monitor or copy the Mountainsmith.com website is strictly prohibited.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mountainsmith.com hereby authorizes you only to copy the content herein solely for your personal and private use in learning about, evaluating, or acquiring Mountainsmith.com products. Except where expressly noted, no other permission is granted to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify the content contained on this website. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Any other use of materials on this website, including reproduction for purposes other than those expressly permitted herein, modification, distribution, or republication, without prior written permission of Mountainsmith, LLC is strictly prohibited. Any copy made by you as permitted herein must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained in the materials. The use of such materials on any other website or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited.
HYPERTEXT LINKS
In the event this website contains hypertext links to websites that are not created or maintained by Mountainsmith.com, this privacy policy applies only to the Mountainsmith.com website and not to any of these third party websites. Mountainsmith.com is not responsible for the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of those third party websites. The inclusion of any link to such websites does not imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by Mountainsmith.com of the third party websites. Mountainsmith.com disclaims any liability for links (1) from another website to this website, and (2) to another website from this website. Mountainsmith.com cannot guarantee the standards of any website to which links are provided on Mountainsmith.com’s website, nor shall it be held responsible for the contents of those websites, or any subsequent links. For this reason, Mountainsmith.com does not represent or warrant that the contents of any third party website is accurate, compliant with state or federal law, or compliant with copyright or other intellectual property laws. Mountainsmith.com does not endorse the contents of these third party websites in any way. Also, Mountainsmith.com is not responsible for web casting or any other form of transmission received from any linked website. Any reliance on the contents of a third party website is done at your own risk, and you assume all responsibilities and consequences resulting from such reliance.
This privacy policy sets out how Mountainsmith uses and protects any information that you give Mountainsmith when you use this website. Mountainsmith is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Mountainsmith may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at webstore@mountainsmith.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 701 Pine Ridge Rd. Unit #3 Golden, Colorado 80403 USA.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
LIST OF COOKIES WE COLLECT
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
JUST WANT TO SAY HELLO?
SUPPORTED PAYMENT METHODS
SHOP
MY ACCOUNT
APPLY FOR A PRO ACCOUNT
SHOPPING CART
Privacy Policy
GET HELP
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
FAQs
DEALER LOCATOR
FORGED FOR LIFE BLOG
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
INSTRUCTIONS
GLOSSARY
AFFILIATE PROGRAM
CAREERS
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
©2020 MOUNTAINSMITH, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Top