https://www.crowcon.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Contact Us
Media
Careers
Find a partner
News
Events
Products
Portable Detectors
Gas-Pro
Gas-Pro IR
Gas-Pro PID
Gas-Pro TK
T4
Tetra 3
Gasman
Clip SGD
Detective+
Detective Wireless
LaserMethane Mini
Triple Plus+
Bump & Calibration Gas
I-Test & I-Test Manager
Fixed Detectors
XgardIQ
IRmax
Xgard Bright
Xgard
TXgard-IS+
Flamgard Plus
TXgard Plus
Open Path Gas Detectors
Flame Detectors
Xsafe
F-Gas Detector
Control Panels
Addressable Controllers
Gasmaster
Vortex
HMI
Gasflag
Gasmonitor
Vortex FP
Data Solutions
Crowcon Connect
Flue Gas Analysers
Sprint Pro
Latest Products
Sampling Systems for Gas Safety
MPS Flammable Gas Sensors
Industries
Insights
Blog
Case Studies
Talking Gas: A Series
White Papers
Videos
7 Deadly Sins
Help & Advice
Apprenticeships
Training
Customer Support
Warranty
Policy Documents
Contact Us
Office Locations
Technical Support
Product Advisory
Obsolete Products
Software Downloads
Material Safety Data Sheets
FAQs
Technical Notes
Service & Repairs
Blog
Compare products
Partner login
Home / Privacy & Cookie Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies, by using our website and agreeing to this policy you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. This policy is effective from 1st May 2018.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
a) Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation)
b) Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including name, job title, company name, contact details including email address, demographic information such as postcode and other information relevant to offers etc)
c) Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications, and/or newsletters
d) Any other information that you chose to send to us
2. Cookies
As required by the UK interpretation of EU law on Cookies, we have reviewed the cookies and give advice so that you can manage the use of cookies.
A cookie consists of information sent by the web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use “session” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
3. Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
a) Administer the website
b) Enable your use of the services available on the website
c) Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested
d) Send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications, relating to our business or the business of carefully selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post, by email or similar technology; this will only be where you have specifically agreed to this (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications)
e) Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
And
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the permission you grant to us.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
4. Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
a) To the extent that we are required to do so by law
b) In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings
c) In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk)
d) To the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
e) To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of the personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
5. International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate or trade in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries around the world (including the United States, Japan, India, Singapore, China and many other areas
around the world where we have an agent or distributor) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website such as case studies and testimonials will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
6. Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all personal information you provide on our secure (password and firewall protected servers).
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log into the website).
7. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
8. Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
9. Third party cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used in this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by Twitter but may also be used by other social media links. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from the domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
10. Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways.
When you fill in the contact form on the website, you will be required to confirm your consent that indicates you want to join our mailing lists, this will enable your details to be used for direct marketing purposes.
You may change your mind at any time about receiving marketing communications by writing to us at the address below or by emailing gdpr@crowcon.com
We do not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under GDPR, please email gdpr@crowcon.com or write to us using the address listed below.
11. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to gdpr@crowcon.com or by post to Crowcon Detection Instruments Ltd, 172 Brook Drive, Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxon, OX14 4SD.
Registered in the UK: Company No 00978878, VAT no GB194270159.
Find a Local Partner
Contacts in your region
Interested in this product?
Contact us today
Training videos available for this product
View now on the Videos tab
+44 (0)1235 557700
Find us
About us
News
Insights
Careers
Events
Modern Slavery Statement
Site Map
Privacy and Cookie Policy
© Crowcon Detection Instruments. All rights reserved.
We use harmless cookie files for social media buttons and visitor stats.CloseRead policy