http://www.nationalbeef.com/terms-of-use
External
Chevron Left
Chevron Right
Fork and Knife
Circle Checkmark
Circle Cross
Circle Exclamation
Circle Info
search
User
Register
Cross
Menu
PDF
Adobe PDF
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
spinner
Facebook
Linked In
triangle
triangle
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Terms of use agreement between user and National Beef ® Packing Company, LLC.
Privacy Policy
At National Beef Packing Company user privacy is an important concern. We are committed to your privacy and security, and to providing you the best possible user experience. Read our privacy policy. National Beef may update this information from time to time, so please check here frequently.
Terms of use
Please read this agreement (“agreement”) carefully before accessing or using the National Beef web site at www.nationalbeef.com (the “site”). By accessing or using the site, you agree to be bound by this agreement. National Beef and its business partners provide the information and services on this site to you, the user, conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions and notices contained herein. Your use of the site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices. This agreement applies to both customers and non-customers of national beef’s products and services.
The information and services offered on the site are provided with the understanding that neither national beef nor its business partners are engaged in rendering legal services or investment advice. Your use of the site is subject to the additional disclaimers and caveats that may appear throughout the site. The material on the site should not be regarded as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any commodities or any securities of National Beef, Inc. or its affiliates.
National Beef assumes no responsibility for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to any action or inaction that you take based on the information, services or other material on this site. While national beef strives to keep the information on this site accurate, complete and up-to-date, national beef and its business partners cannot guarantee, and will not be responsible for any damage or loss related to, the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the information.
Use limitation: prohibited uses
You may access, download and print one copy of the available materials on this site for your own use within your organization. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, frame in another web page, use on any other web site, transfer or sell any information, software, lists of users, branded price lists, commodity price lists, databases or other lists, products or services obtained from this site. The foregoing prohibition expressly includes, but is not limited to, the practices of “screen scraping” or “database scraping” to obtain price lists, lists of other users or other information. If and when requested by National Beef, you agree to provide true, accurate and complete user information. You agree to refrain from impersonating or falsely representing your affiliation with any person or entity. Except with the written permission of National Beef, you agree to refrain from accessing or attempting to access password protected, secure or non-public areas of this site. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access prohibited areas of this site may be subject to prosecution.
You may not, without the prior written permission of National Beef, use any computer code, data mining software, “robot”, “bot”, “spider”, “scraper” or other automatic device, or program, algorithm or methodology having similar processes or functionality, or any manual process, to monitor or copy any of the web pages, data or content found on or access through the site.
Proprietary rights and confidential information
All materials on this site (as well as the structure, sequence, organization and layout of the site) are owned and copyrighted, licensed by, and used with permission of National Beef, its affiliates or its business partners. No reproduction, distribution, or transmission of the copyrighted materials at this site is permitted without the prior written permission of National Beef. Moreover, the non-public data and applications on the site that are accessible only to registered users who log on with user names and passwords, are the confidential and trade secret information of National Beef Packing Company, LLC. You agree to not use or disclose such information other than in connection with your use of the site and in connection with your business dealings with National Beef.
Your account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account id and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account using your password. If your status as a user of the site is terminated, you agree that you will immediately cease using the site and destroy all copies of your account access information and password.
No unlawful or prohibited use.
As a condition of your use of this site, you warrant to National Beef that you will not use this site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms. If you violate any of these terms, your permission to use the site automatically terminates.
Disclaimer of warranties
You expressly understand and agree that:
(a) your use of this site and the goods and service offered at the site is at your sole risk. The site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. National Beef expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
(b) National Beef makes no warranty that (i) the site or services will meet your requirements, (ii) the site or services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or the services will be accurate or reliable, or (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material obtained by you through the site will meet your expectations.
(c) any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the site is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
(d) no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from National Beef or through or from the site or any service offered thereat shall create any warranty not expressly stated in this agreement.
Limitation of liability
You expressly understand and agree that National Beef and its affiliates shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if National Beef has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the site or services; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into on the site or through or from the service ; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service ; or (v) any other matter relating to the site or the services.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless National Beef and its affiliates from any liability, loss, claim and expense (including attorneys’ reasonable fees) related to your violation of this agreement.
Links to third party sites
This site may contain hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than National Beef or its affiliates. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. National Beef does not control such web sites, and is not responsible for their content. Inclusion of hyperlinks by National Beef to such web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such web sites or any association with their operators, and you access and use such sites, including information, material, products and services therein, solely at your own risk. Furthermore, because the National Beef privacy policy is applicable only when you are on our site, once linked to another web site, you should read that site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personal information.
Links to this site
You may only provide a hypertext link to this site on another web site pursuant to a written linking agreement, obtained from the National Beef.
Use of submissions
Except as provided in our privacy policy, and except as it pertains to information relating to purchase and sale transactions between you and National Beef, postings to and communications with the site are not private. You grant National Beef the unrestricted right to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, and display any such material you supply or communicate to the site (including your identity and information about you) for any purpose, including commercial uses, and to authorize others to do so. Any information you submit to National Beef in any medium shall become the property of National Beef and shall not be returned to you.
Changes to site National Beef, its affiliates and/or its business partners, may make improvements or changes in the information, services, products, and other materials on this site, or terminate this site, at any time without notice. National Beef may modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified agreement. Accordingly, you agree to review the agreement periodically, and your continued access or use of this site shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified agreement.
Miscellaneous
This agreement and the resolution of any dispute related to this agreement or this site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of missouri, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Failure by National Beef or its affiliates to insist upon strict enforcement of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of this site or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. Any legal action or proceeding between National Beef, and/or its affiliates and you related to this agreement shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in the state of missouri, county of platte. If any of these terms shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term.
National Beef®, Naturewell® , NatureSource® , Vintage Natural Beef®, Imperial Valley®, Certified Premium Beef®, Black Canyon®, Certified Hereford Beef®, Certified Angus Beef®, Royal Blue Leather®, Regal Blue Leather®, and Radiant Blue Leather® and other logos, product and service names are trademarks and service marks owned by or licensed to National Beef or its affiliates (the “marks”). Without the prior written permission of National Beef, or its appropriate affiliates, you agree not to display or use in any manner, the marks.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
© copyright 2019 National Beef Packing Company, LLC. All rights reserved.