http://www.commandpackaging.com/privacy-policy
Foodservice
Retail
Grocery
Sustainability
More
News
Resources
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Command Cares
Environmental Policy
Distributors
Retail
Foodservice
Login
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Command Packaging Inc. (Command) has created this privacy policy to explain the privacy practices for the commandpackaging.com, encore-recycling.com, smarterbags.com, truereusablebags.com, and restaurantbags.com websites, including their microsites (each, a ''Website'', and collectively, ''Websites''). Command reserves the right to change its privacy policies at any time by posting the revised privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Overview
Command values its customers and respects their privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve our level of support and service, and to communicate with you about any relevant industry information, and product and service updates. We do not share or sell your personal information to third parties. As described in this policy, we do, however, share your information with our affiliates and under certain circumstances, with third parties that act on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to send you pertinent industry news, and or offer a particular product or service. This policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it and when we share it with third parties. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact Command Packaging: cchangala@commandpackaging.com
Kinds of information Command Packaging will collect:
Command collects personal information, such as name, e-mail and postal addresses, phone and credit card numbers (only if making a purchase) from you when you register for a Command Packaging's services, newsletter, and product updates, as well as any voluntarily registered information. We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone and in our customer service center, and may also acquire information about you from our joint marketing partners, from unrelated third parties, and from our affiliates, including, without limitation, restaurantbags.com, encore-recycling.com, smarterbags.com and truereusablebags.com.
Command's servers automatically record information when you visit our website or use some of our products, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
Command Packaging's use of information:
When you place an order or make a purchase from Command and or one of our affiliates including restaurantbags.com, we use your personal information to process your order, send you e-mails to confirm your order or to contact you via phone, postal mail or e-mail if we have other questions regarding your order or purchase.
When you place an order, make a purchase or save your information online, we will use your e-mail and postal address to send you information about our products, services, contests, and promotions and to help us learn more about your product preferences. If you participate in a contest or promotion (online, over the phone or at one of our tradeshow events), we may use your personal information to send you e-mails, postal mail, or telephone (including text messages) regarding our products, services, contests and promotions. From time to time, we may use this information to contact you via e-mail, postal mail, or telephone to learn more about your product preferences. You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls.
In addition, we may use information about you and your product interests and purchases from us and our affiliates, including without limitation, restaurantbags.com, to help us improve our site design and your online and customer service experiences. We may contact you, subject to the choices you have made, via e-mail, postal mail, or telephone, to conduct market research and learn more about how we can improve our product offerings.
To serve you better, we may combine information you give us and information about your product interest and purchases with information from third parties, including demographic information and information that is publicly available. We may also combine this information with information from our affiliates, including without limitation, restaurantbags.com. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your experience with us, and to communicate with you in accordance with this policy.
Lawful Disclosure of Information:
Command reserves the right to disclose information about you as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, and as necessary to protect the property, interests and rights of Command Packaging, its affiliates, and others.
Accessing, Changing, or Deleting Your Personal Information:
You can review, change or delete certain personal information related to your use of our online sites (e.g., name and contact information).
To access your information online, simply click "Access Your Info" at the bottom of any page, sign in when prompted to do so, and you'll be able to edit your personal information.
You can also send us your request to update your personal information, by calling us at 1.800.996.BAGS(2247), writing us at 3840 East 26th Street, Vernon, CA, or you may click here to e-mail Command Packaging customer service. Please be sure to include your full name and the e-mail address. Please note that any requests to update your personal information may take up to ten days for your e-mail request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.
All Subscriptions to e-mail, postal mail, and phone calls are voluntary:
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us.
Industry news and or promotional information from us or our affiliated brands are never unsolicited.
If you do not want us to use your information to enhance your customer service, please let us know by calling us at 1.800.996.BAGS(2247), writing us at 3840 East 26th Street, Vernon, CA 90023 or by sending us an e-mail. Please be sure to include your full name and the e-mail address. Please be sure to include your full name and the e-mail address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from us.
All requests to remove personal information from our mailing lists are maintained in our ''unsubscribe - do not contact'' file to ensure that we fulfill your request. Please note that it may take up to 10 days to process your e-mail request, and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from Command Packaging.
Please also note that when you purchase from us, we may continue to confirm your order by e-mail or postal mail. In addition, we may also need to contact you via phone, e-mail or postal mail with other questions regarding your order.
Command and affiliates websites use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) to protect your privacy.
Protecting your personal information is important to us. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your online order information as it is transmitted over the Internet.
Some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers like the ones we use to process orders at our affiliates like restaurantbags.com. To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https."
Links to other websites and services:
The Command's websites may contain links to other sites.
Command does not control the privacy policies or practices of these websites.
You should review those policies before providing any personal information. Command is not responsible for the content or practices of any linked websites, and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Last Updated: July 30, 2014
Call Us Today: 800.996.BAGS (2247)3840 East 26th Street, Vernon, CA 90058
Follow Us:
Foodservice
Retail
Grocery
Encore Recycling®
News
Bag Ordinances
Resources
About Us
Customer Login
Request A Quote
Site Design and Development by SmartBug Media
© 2017 Command Packaging. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy