http://www.emmicroelectronic.com/legal-disclaimer
Contact Press Releases Support
Search
Products
Solutions Energy Interfaces Sensing Communication Time Smart Processing
Expertise Energy Energy harvesting Power management Energy storage Interfaces Displays Tactile technologies Computer peripherals Motion sensing Sound Sensing Sensor interfaces Sensors Communication RF RF Long Range Communication RFID Beacons Time Accuracy Durability & long-term reliability Smart Processing Wearables technologies Cryptography and security
Markets Automotive Consumer electronics Green technologies Healthcare & wellness Identification & access management Industrial Intelligent buildings Interfaces & user experience IoT Traceability & logistics Watchmaking & time Wearables White & Brown goods Know-How Fab
About Overview and Positioning Locations Careers Contact us Order Now Quality Policies Quality Inquiry Certificates RoHS, REACH & Green Policy Obsolescence Information Package & Delivery Forms Breadcrumb Home
Legal Disclaimer
1. CopyrightAll Website design, images, audio clips and information, the selection and arrangement thereof as well as all software contained on the emmicroelectronic.com Website are, to the extent possible, copyrighted and/or otherwise proprietary to EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd.. You are authorised to download or print out a hard copy of individual pages and/or sections of the emmicroelectronic.com Website, provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices. This authorisation is limited to use for information purposes only. Reproducing (in whole or in part), transmitting (by electronic means or otherwise), modifying, linking into or using for any public or commercial purpose the emmicroelectronic.com Website without prior written permission of EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. is strictly prohibited. All information and material presented by emmicroelectronic.com is intended to be used for educational or informational purposes only.2. TrademarksUnless otherwise indicated, all marks, including but not limited to the designations "EM Microelectronic-Marin", "EM Microelectronic", or simply "EM" and all EM Microelectronic-Marin logos, displayed on the emmicroelectronic.com Website are subject to the trademark rights of EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. and may not be used in connection with any product or services that are not offered by emmicroelectronic.com in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that discredits or disparages EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. No mention is made of rights with respect to other trademarks, service marks or trade-names, whether registered or not, which may attach to certain words or signs used herein. The absence of such mention, however, in no way implies that there is no protection of these marks, trade-names, words or signs.3. Liability: no Warranties or RepresentationsEM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. is providing this site and any of its contents, namely information, material, products and operations of this site are on an "as is" basis without any warranty or representation of any kind, either express or implied. To the fullest extent permitted by law, EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. disclaims all such representations and warranties, including warranties of merchability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, reliable, complete or current. EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, loss of data, income or profit, punitive damages and/or claims of third parties resulting from the use of, access to, or inability to use the information and/or the products contained respectively offered on emmicroelectronic.com or any damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this Website. While EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. on emmicroelectronic.com has tried to accurately display shapes and colours of the products, the actual colours you see mostly depend on your monitor and could be not accurate.4. Security and privacyEM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. does not collect personal information when you visit emmicroelectronic.com Website, unless you submit feedback or questions, enter a contest or expressly agree to it. When you submit feedback or questions via e-mail, or contact forms, or contact us for information about our Website, we will request your name and e-mail address. We need this information to respond to your inquiries and we may use it for marketing purposes. When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, adress and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify the winner. We may also use such information for marketing purposes. EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. commits not to share, rent or give any personal information to any third party, excluded to other companies belonging to The Swatch Group Ltd. (see www.swatchgroup.com), without your written permission. Any further information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent by form return to emmicroelectronic.com will not be treated as confidential, proprietary or trade secret information and, by submitting such information, you are granting EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such information of any purpose whatsoever. Unless otherwise required by law, EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. will not use your name in connection with any such information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments without your prior written consent.5. Linksemmicroelectronic.com may contain third-party information and links to other Internet sites. EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. takes no responsibility whatsoever for such third- party information and/or products offered. Moreover, EM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. has no knowledge of information contained respectively products offered on other Internet sites and takes no responsibility whatsoever for such information and/or for such products and for the privacy practices of third party Websites.6. AlterationsEM Microelectronic-Marin Ltd. reserves the right to alter the content of the emmicroelectronic.com Website in any way, at any time, for any reason, without prior notification, and shall not be liable in any way for possible consequences of such changes.