http://www.centigon.com/content/privacy
www.centigon.com
Privacy Policy
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Centigon France SAS, doing business as Centigon Security Group (“Centigon Security Group”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at contact@centigon.com.When you visit our website www.centigon.com, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as www.centigon.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.  TABLE OF CONTENTS  1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE? 4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?   5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?   6. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
7. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?   8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?  10. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?  11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?12. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES 13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?   Personal information you disclose to us In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information.  We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when  expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites
or otherwise contacting us. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions. All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.  Information automatically collected In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites.We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected from other sources In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.   We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).  2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?  In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.  We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.  We use the information we collect or receive:        To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.         Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?  In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.   We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose. Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests. Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract. Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:   Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.  Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. 4. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?  In Short:  We only share information with the following third parties.    We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that you may be easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us.  Web and Mobile AnalyticsGoogle AnalyticsCRMSAP5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.  We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy. 6. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?  In Short: Yes, we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.  This website, mobile application, or Facebook application uses Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service here. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this link.  By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service.
7. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY? In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.  Our servers are located in Switzerland. If you are accessing our Sites from outside Switzerland, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?" above), in Colombia, China, Venezuela, Mexico, and other countries. If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework:  In particular Centigon France SAS complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States and has certified its compliance with it. As such, Centigon France SAS is committed to subjecting all personal information received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. Centigon France SAS is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Centigon France SAS is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. FTC. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION? In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.  We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the treatment of your demand, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). If you decide to not doing business or going forward with Centigon, your datas will be deleted. Otherwise, they will be added to our CRM Platform in order to contact you regarding our partnership or contrat.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE? In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment. 10. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 13 years of age.We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 13 years of age. By using the Sites, you represent that you are at least 13 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Sites. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at hzunz@centigon.com. 11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS? In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm      Cookies and similar technologies:  Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Sites visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.  12. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES  Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy. 13. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. 14. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at hzunz@centigon.com or by post to:Centigon France SAS  42 Rue d'Armor Maroué Lamballe, 22400   France
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, the "data controller" of your personal information is Centigon France SAS. Centigon France SAS has appointed Hugo Zunz to be its representative in the EEA. You can contact them directly regarding the processing of your information by Centigon France SAS, by email at hzunz@centigon.com, or by post to:42 Rue d'Armor Maroué  Lamballe, 22400 France
Centigon Security Group
Your life is precious,
Entrust it to our specialists!
Learn more
Worldwide Delivery
Centigon, as close as required
Learn more