http://www.humboldtmfg.com/privacy.php
Have a question? Use Ask Humboldt >
or call Sales at 1.800.544.7220
Humboldt Mfg. Privacy Policy
Effective: February 15, 2019
Thank you for visiting and using the Humboldt website. This Privacy Policy describes the kind of information we may collect from you through your use of our website; and, how we may use that information. References to “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Humboldt Mfg. Co.
Humboldt is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the personal data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website located at www.humboldtmfg.com, as well as any of our online services.
Collection and Use of Information
By visiting and using our website and services, or by providing us with any personal data through our website or services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Humboldt only collects personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) that is voluntarily provided through our website or e-mail correspondence. However, we do collect general anonymous information (such as the type of browser used, files requested, and the domain name and country that requests information) to improve our website and better meet customer needs. There are several forms on the Humboldt website, which require you, the user, to provide us with personal information. These forms would include creating an account, requesting manuals and data sheets, as well as support questions, among others. This information is used to facilitate your use of our website, as well as providing you with the information you request. On these forms you will also be asked if you wish to receive occasional product updates and announcements via email. If you would like to receive this type of information, you will need to physically check the box indicating your choice to do so. This provides us with a record of your request. At any time you can stop these emails from being sent to you by clicking on the “opt out here” link at the very bottom of any email received from Humboldt’s infomail service.
Children
We do not intentionally gather personal data from visitors who are under the age of 18. If we discover that a child under 18 has submitted personal data to Humboldt Mfg. Co., we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any personal data from a child under 18, please contact us at hmc@humboldtmfg.com.
Users Outside of the United States
Your personal data may be processed in the country in which it was collected, as well as other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding the processing of personal data may be less protective than the laws in your country. By providing your data, you consent to such processing and transfer.
Account Creation
We collect the information you provide to us when you create or update your account, which includes your name and email address. This information may be used to enhance your experience of the website, facilitate purchases or to contact you regarding your account and orders, which is described in this Privacy Policy.
Login and Browsing
In addition to any information you provide us, we may also collect anonymous information about your use of our website. Such information may include, but is not limited to: IP address; ISP; location; cookie data; content viewed including access dates and length of time viewed; referral pages, and certain software, hardware and device information. We may use this information to customize your experience, including offering you products or services.
Cookies and How We Use Them
Humboldt’s website may use “cookies” to enhance the functions of our website and your user experience. Some of these cookies are necessary for the website to work properly; others facilitate a better user experience by remembering personal settings, which reduces the need for you to fill out the same information every time you’d like to access information from the Humboldt website. These cookies do not affect the operation of your computer and only facilitate interaction with the Humboldt website
If you do not want cookies to be used, the Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to restrict cookies or disable them altogether. However, restricting or disabling cookies will prevent you from using some of the features of our website.
Pixel Tags
In addition, we may use “pixel tags” (also referred to as clear gifs, web beacons, or web bugs). Pixel tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are used to track online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, pixel tags are embedded invisibly in web pages and e-mail messages. We may use pixel tags to collect information about your interactions with our email messages, such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message, the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails.
Do Not Track
We do not currently respond to “do not track” signals from web browsers
Analytics Services
We may use third-party analytics services, to help analyze how visitors use our website. These services use the information generated by cookies or other technologies about visitors use of our website is transmitted to the analytics services. The analytics services use this information to compile reports on user activity. The analytics services may also transfer analytics Information to third parties, where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process analytics Information on their behalf. Each analytics service’s ability to use and share analytics information is restricted by such service’s terms of use and privacy policy. By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by analytics services in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Credit Card Information
Humboldt’s website does not collect or store any credit card information, nor does it have access to this information. To facilitate the purchase of items from our website, Humboldt utilizes the services of Authorize.net. This service is used to authorize and process your credit card information used for purchases. This function is performed completely on Authorize.net’s secure servers rather than on the Humboldt website. This is accomplished by establishing a secure connection directly to Authorize.net from the Humboldt website for all credit card data. Please review the privacy policy of Authorize. net here: https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
Saved Credit Cards
Save credit card data is sent to Authorize.net for storage. Authorize.net provides a unique identifier code that we store on your account. The identifier code allows us to make additional charges on your behalf when you choose a saved credit card at checkout. The stored identifier is unique to our store and is only usable from our account. As such, an attacker would not gain anything or be able to use your card if this identifier was stolen from our server. Please see Authorize.net's privacy and security policies for more information on how your information is stored on their servers.
PCI Compliance
PCI compliance is a data security standard established by the Payment Card Industry. Authorize.net maintains full PCI compliance on their servers, which ensures the security of your credit card information. Click this link to view
While Humboldt’s website does not collect or store any credit card information, we maintain PCI compliance through Liquid Web’s PCI Compliant service. Liquid Web PCI Certification is a fully-managed scanning service that verifies compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. PCI Compliance is a single security standard, which is required to accept credit card transactions from the five major credit card companies. PCI Compliance certifies that Humboldt’s website takes all necessary steps to protect sensitive customer data and provides a set of standards for infrastructure and server setup. For full details on Liquid Web PCI Compliant, Click Here: https://www.liquidweb.com/solutions/ pci-compliance/
Our Use of Information
The information collected by your submissions and/or our use of cookies during your visit to our website is used to personalize and improve your experience with our website. We may combine or aggregate your personally identifiable information with that of other users, and we may use, analyze such aggregated data to improve our products and offerings. This aggregate information does not identify you personally.
In general, personal data you have submitted to us will be used either to respond to requests that you make to us or to aid us in serving you better. We may use your personal data in various ways, including, but not limited to:
facilitating the creation and securing of your account on our website;
identifying you as a user in our system;
providing you with the products and services you request;
measuring and analyzing audience traffic and improving the quality of your experience when you interact with our website and services;
sending you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address used when your account was created;
sending you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security, support or maintenance advisories;
sending newsletters, product announcements, offers and other promotional materials for marketing purposes;
helping recognize you as a previous visitor and using your preferences and settings to deliver you appropriate interest-based content;
determining whether our users read email messages and click on links within those messages;
preventing potentially prohibited or illegal activities, while complying with applicable law and enforcement of our terms and conditions; and for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Humboldt Mfg. Co. will never rent, sell, share, trade or in any way divulge its customer list to any outside firm or individual other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may share some or all of your personal data with our with our local dealers to better serve your needs, in which case we will require our dealers to honor this Privacy Policy.
If you believe you are being contacted by any firm or individual other than Humboldt using information you have provided to us, please contact us immediately. Humboldt Mfg. Co. may be required by law enforcement or other federal authorities to provide information on individual users to the appropriate governmental branches. In matters involving a danger to public safety, Humboldt may voluntarily provide information to appropriate governmental authorities
Marketing Communications
We also offer you the ability to receive commercial communications relating to our products and services through our infomail program. In this case we may use your account information to provide you with such communications. To receive emails through the infomail program, you will have to check the box at the bottom of our forms for account creation, support and literature requests that indicates you would like to receive occasional product announcements and updates from Humboldt. At any time you can stop these emails from being sent to you by clicking on the “opt out here” link at the very bottom of any email received from Humboldt’s infomail service. Opting out of the infomail service will not impact emails or other communications we send you regarding your account or orders.
Third-Party Links
Our website may contain courtesy links to third-party websites, such as YouTube and industry organization’s websites that collect and use information in accordance with their own privacy policies. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of these third-party websites and suggest you review their privacy policies if you choose to visit these sites.
Your Account InformationModifying Your Information
You can modify your account information at any time by logging into your account by clicking on “My Account” and providing you user name and password. Then, click on account settings and modify any information for your account.
Copyright Notice and Terms of Use
Permission to use documents, such as product information, catalogs, data sheets and product guides from this website, is granted, provided that Humboldt’s copyright notice appears in all copies.
All information on this website is provided on an as-is basis. Humboldt makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy and correctness of the information. In no event shall Humboldt, its affiliates or dealers, be liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from the use of this information.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the modified Privacy Policy here on our website. Any modifications to the Policy will be effective upon such posting (unless a later date is specified in the posting, in which case that date shall be deemed the effective date of the modifications). It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. Your continued use of your account and our website after such modifications constitutes your acknowledgment of, and agreement to be bound by, the amended Privacy Policy. Please review the Privacy Policy prior to submitting personal information on or through the website.
Contact
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Website AdminHumboldt Mfg. Co.875 Tollgate RoadElgin, IL 60123
We have updated our
privacy policy.
Click to view
Added to Shopping Cart
Cart Subtotal (1 ):
View Cart
Checkout
Discover Additional Items