http://www.ebetalent.com/privacy-policy/
Bands
Fiji
Maui
London Bridge
Amsterdam
Sydney
Paris
L.A. Starz
Dreamtime
Love 77
Imagine
Barcelona
Milan 77
Monte Carlo
Rio
Vegas Experience
Verona
Pop Philly
Big Generator
Bar & Bat Mitzvah Bands
DJs
Wedding & Special Event DJs
Bar/Bat Mitzvah & Party MCs
Resident DJs
DJ/Live Musician Hybrids
Services
Lighting & Production
Videography
Photo Booths
Ensembles
Enhancements
Showcases
EBE Music Nights
EBE Sound Stage Showcase
Wedding DJ Showcase
Bi-Weekly Virtual Band Showcases
Bar/Bat Mitzvah MC Showcase
Planning
Wedding Planning
Corporate Event Planning
Social Event Planning
Bar/Bat Mitzvah Planning
Contact
888-323-2263
Privacy Policy
This site employs third-party tracking software. For more information, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
EBE Talent
1020 N. Delaware Ave.
Philadelphia, PA 19125
888-323-2263
Copyright All Rights Reserved ©2020
View Privacy Policy
ENTERTAINMENTEvent Showcases
Exclusive Bands
Wedding & Special Event DJs
Bar/Bat Mitzvah & Party MCs
Resident DJs
Event ServicesLighting & Production
Videography
Photo Booths
Ensembles
Enhancements
Planning
COMPANYAbout EBE
Contact Us
Directions to EBE
Prospective Talent
Client Login
Blog
WEBSITE DESIGNED BY
Contact Us
Name*
First
Last
Event Type*WeddingBat/Bar MitzvahCorporate EventSweet 16Birthday PartyHoliday PartyGala/FundraiserAnniversary PartyEngagement PartyPromQuinceaneraOtherEmail*
Phone*CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Our Holiday Sizzler Is On!
Book a Band & Get Free Services.
Click for Details
Visit our Rules Page For Details
×