https://www.lowtax.net/terms.php
Back To Top
Terms and Conditions
This policy applies to the following Lowtax Network websites: lowtax.net; tax-news.com; expatbriefing.com; lawandtax-news.com; offshore-e-com.com; treatypro.com; and offshoretrustsguide.com.
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. By accessing, browsing or using the information in this Website, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you should not use this Website. The material provided on or accessed by way of this Website is protected by law, including without limitation, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and United States copyright laws and international treaties. This Website is controlled and operated by Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited from its offices in the United Kingdom. A User who accesses this Website from locations outside of the United Kingdom does so on his/her own initiative and is separately responsible for compliance with any applicable local law on internet usage and Website access.
Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date content in this Website. However, information on this Website including illustrations, specifications and dimensions may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited makes no warranty or representation as to its accuracy and assumes no liability for and reserves the right to correct such inaccuracies or errors at any time without notice. Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited may also make changes, updates and improvements to this Website or these access terms and conditions, at any time without notice. Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited may also make improvements and/or changes to the products and/or to the programs described in the content at any time without notice.
The trademarks, service marks, and logos used or displayed on this Website (the "Trademarks") are registered and unregistered trademarks of Wolters Kluwer, its affiliates, related companies, licensors, and/or joint venture partners. The use or misuse of these trademarks, or any other content of this Website, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of intellectual property laws which shall be aggressively enforced. Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited prohibits use of any Wolters Kluwer trademark as a "hot" link to this Website without prior written permission granted.
This Website may contain links to third-party Websites. Such linked Websites are not under the control of Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited, and Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited assumes no responsibility for the contents of any such linked Website, any link contained in a linked Website, any changes or updates to such linked Websites, or any material transmitted or downloaded from any linked Website. Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited is providing these links to third-party Websites solely as a convenience to you.
The entire content (images and text) of this Website is copyrighted and may not be distributed, downloaded, modified, reused, reposted or otherwise used, except as provided herein, without the express written permission of Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited. You may download content only for your personal, non-commercial use.
This Website is structured so that you can visit without identifying yourself or revealing personal information. You can visit our site and find out about our products and services, read our corporate reports, check on career opportunities, or get news updates and other value-added services. In some circumstance, Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited may request personal information such as your name, your company name and contact information. Your response to these inquiries is voluntary. If you choose to provide us with information via this Website or electronic mail, be assured that it will only be used to improve our services and support your relationship with Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited. Outside vendors do not have access to our systems and information unless they comply with our rules and adhere strictly to our security standards. We conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy and security and take precautions to protect personal identifiable information obtained from our Website visitors against unauthorized access and use. By sending Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited any information or material, you grant Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, modify and/or transmit the information or material, and you also agree that Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited is free to use any ideas, concepts, know how or techniques contained in the information or material for any purpose. However, Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted information or material to Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited unless: a) we ask your permission to use your name; b) we first notify you that the information or material you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or c) we are required to do so by law.
As a convenience to our visitors, Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited's website may contain links to a number of sites not authored and/or owned by Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting these sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
As a convenience to our visitors, Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited's website may contain links to a number of sites not authored and/or owned by Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting these sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
Under no circumstance (including negligence and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) will Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited, nor any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website, be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages (including without limitation, business interruption, delays, loss of data or profit) arising out of the use or the inability to use the materials maintained on or accessed by way of this website or any errors or omissions in its content, even if Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If use of such materials results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of user equipment or data, user assumes any costs associated there with. Therefore, you agree that all access and use of this website and its content is at your own risk.
Any claim relating to this Website or the use of this Website and the materials contained or accessed by way thereof are governed exclusively by the laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, without regard to conflict of law principles. User agrees and hereby submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, with respect to any such claim.
Forum Rules
Registration to the forum is free, and we
request that you abide by the rules and policies detailed here. Although the
administrators and moderators of the forum will attempt to keep all
objectionable messages off this site, it is not possible for us to review all
messages. All messages express the views of the author, and the owner of Lowtax
will not be held responsible for the content of any message. By agreeing to
these rules, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene,
vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violative of any
laws. Lowtax reserves the right to remove, edit, move or close any content item
for any reason.
Additional Disclaimer Concerning User
Contributions
Much of the content available on lowtax.net
is intended to provide useful information for its users. While Lowtax makes
every effort to present accurate and reliable information, Lowtax does not
endorse, approve, or certify such information, nor does it guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of such information.
Information in the website may or may not be current as of the date of your
access, and Lowtax has no duty to update and maintain the information, reports,
or statements on the information. Additionally, the information may be changed
periodically without prior notice. All content in the website is provided
"as is." Use of such information is voluntary, and reliance on it
should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy,
completeness, efficacy, and timeliness. Additionally, please note that Lowtax is a
community-based service using a user-orientated approach of developing content
that the community constantly improves. Lowtax allows anyone at any
time to write and submit content to this website. None of the licensors,
contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with Lowtax in
any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate
information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from
lowtax.net.
Further Information
If you have any queries regarding these Terms
and Conditions please contact administrator@wolterskluwerbsi.com.
This document was last updated on 17th August 2018.
Additional Terms Concerning RSS Feeds
These terms and conditions are supplemental to Expat Briefing's standard website terms of use (the 'Website Terms').
Where reference is made to the expression 'Terms of Use' on this webpage, this means our Website Terms as supplemented by the Usage Guidelines contained on this webpage for the use of Expat Briefing RSS Feeds. You should read both of these documents together to understand how you may use the Expat Briefing RSS Feed service (the 'Service') and what conditions govern the use of the Service. We reserve the right to remove this Service at any time. Expat Briefing does not endorse any specific web browser or news reader.
Any reference to 'website' in our Website Terms shall be interpreted as a reference to our website and any and all Expat Briefing RSS Feeds.
By downloading and/or using Expat Briefing RSS Feeds you are agreeing to our Terms of Use and any changes that may be made from time to time to the Terms of Use. We may make changes to our Terms of Use at any time. We will not notify you of these changes and you should check this website for any changes to our terms. Your continued use of this Service after any change to our Terms of Use signifies your acceptance of such change(s).
If you intend to use any Expat Briefing RSS Feeds on your website and/or as part of another RSS feed you must ensure that a clear link is provided to this webpage and that visitors to your website or subscribers to any relevant RSS feed incorporating the Expat Briefing RSS Feed are made aware that the Expat Briefing RSS Feeds are subject to these Terms of Use. You should in all cases ensure that the proper attribution is given to content contained in the Expat Briefing RSS Feeds by:
clearly stating the content 'is from Expat Briefing; and ensuring that all copyright notices are retained in their original form;
This Service and any licence provided in respect of the content in any Expat Briefing RSS Feed may be suspended, withdrawn, restricted or terminated at any time. We may also require in writing that you delete all Expat Briefing RSS Feeds that you have obtained from use of this Service. You will no longer be required to observe these Terms of Use in respect of any Expat Briefing RSS Feed you have downloaded and/or otherwise used where you delete such feed(s) from any storage medium (including network storage) (without prejudice to any accrued rights of Expat Briefing or you at the date of such deletion). Termination will not affect any rights and/or obligations that are intended by their nature to survive termination.
You must not suggest, whether directly or indirectly, that Expat Briefing endorses or approves anything that appears on any website and/or forms part of any RSS feed incorporating a Expat Briefing RSS Feed, including (without limitation) any of your content, third party content, any product or any legal person/entity or individual.
You may only use Expat Briefing RSS Feeds on the basis that you do not charge (whether directly or indirectly) any user of your website or subscriber to any feed for which you are responsible that incorporates a Expat Briefing RSS Feed, any charge for using/accessing Expat Briefing RSS Feeds. You are not permitted to re-sell and/or otherwise commercialise any Expat Briefing RSS Feed or any part thereof.
Provided you observe, at all times, these Terms of Use, upon you subscribing to a Expat Briefing RSS Feed, Expat Briefing grants you a revocable (at any time), nonexclusive, personal, worldwide, non-transferable, royalty free licence to use and display on your website and/or otherwise incorporate into an RSS feed generated by you to any content provided by Expat Briefing as a result of you subscribing to the relevant Expat Briefing RSS Feed. You may not transfer, assign and/or sub-licence this licence. All rights not expressly granted are reserved to Expat Briefing, its affiliates and its licensors (as the case may be).
All rights, title and interests subsisting in and to any content provided by Expat Briefing as a result of your subscription to a Expat Briefing RSS Feed are and shall remain the property of Expat Briefing, its affiliates and/or its third party licensors (as applicable). Expat Briefing, its affiliates and/or its third party licensors shall retain all intellectual and industrial property rights (where applicable) in such content, wherever arising. This licence is not a trade mark licence and you do not have any rights to use Expat Briefing's trade marks on your website.
By using this Service, you warrant and undertake that:
any site upon which you display (or cause to be displayed) any Expat Briefing RSS Feed or any feed that you generate (or cause to be generated) that incorporates any Expat Briefing RSS Feed (or part thereof) adopts and shall continue to adopt content rules consistent with the image and reputation of Expat Briefing and, in particular, does not and shall not contain any material that infringes a third party's intellectual property rights or that a reasonable person would consider as offensive, defamatory, libelous, obscene, of an adult nature (including, without limitation, of a pornographic nature) or damaging to the reputation or image of Expat Briefing and/or capable of bringing Expat Briefing into disrepute; and your use of any content obtained from a Expat Briefing RSS Feed is and shall continue to be in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
More Content
Contributed Articles
Contributed Press Releases
Archive
Tax Cartoons
The World of Offshore and its Future
World Tax Rates Table
Tax Glossary
Newsletters
Useful Links
Advertising and Content Solutions
Event Listings
Listings for the leading worldwide conferences and events in accounting, investment, banking and finance, transfer pricing, corporate taxation and more...
See Event Listings »
Selected
Partner Content
Global Incorporation Guide
Tax-News.com
Daily Alert Service
World Budget News and Information
Latest Blogs, Articles & Features
Taxing The Zeroes And Ones
Value Added News...
Compliance On The Cards...
While US Spins Its Wheels, European Wheels Keep Turning...
Hong Kong International Focus
All Change Please... Or Plus Ca Change?