http://www.whiterivermg.com/terms.html
White River Marine Group
Our Story
Terms
Privacy
Contact Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
WHITE RIVER MARINE GROUP (WRMG) RECOMMENDS THAT EACH VISITOR CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS OF USE PRIOR TO ACCESSING THIS SITE. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE. WRMG MAY UNILATERALLY CHANGE THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME.
SITE CONTENT. All content on this site is owned by WRMG and WRMG owns all copyrights with respect to the site materials. All trademarks, tradenames, servicemarks and logos are owned or are licensed to WRMG and may not be utilized in any manner, without the advance written consent of WRMG. Any unauthorized use of the content and materials located on this site will violate the WRMG intellectual property rights with respect thereto and is strictly prohibited.
RIGHTS. As a visitor of this site, you agree that any viewing, printing or downloading of the content and materials located on this site is limited to your personal use in connection with prospective purchases of our products and no other. Except for the limited rights granted to you as a visitor of the site, all other rights with respect to the site are expressly reserved to WRMG.
NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY. Best efforts are used to ensure accuracy in information presented here. WRMG DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THIS SITE, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE SITE WILL BE OPERATED ERROR-FREE OR IS FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AS A VISITOR TO THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEMS OR DATA LOSS AND TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS WRMG IN THE EVENT SUCH OCCURS AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
PRIVACY POLICY. Access the WRMG privacy policy by clicking on this link.
NON WRMG CONTENT. WRMG assumes no responsibility for any unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene or profane materials posted on this site or on affiliate linked sites by site users.
JURISDICTION. These Terms of Use shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri and by accessing this site visitors consent to jurisdiction and venue of any federal or state court in Missouri with respect to any action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms of Use or your use of this site.
User-Submitted Content License Agreement
White River Marine Group (WRMG) contacts social media users to seek their permission to feature their content on our various sites, social media channels and other promotional materials. You have reached this page because WRMG requested your permission to use your social media content in this way.
If you choose to allow WRMG to use your social media content ("User-Submitted Content") by replying to WRMG's comment and/or direct message with the designated hashtag, you agree to this License Agreement.
WRMG may use User-Submitted Content on our websites (including trackerboats.com, rangerboats.com, nitro.com, tritonboats.com, makonboats.com, suntrackerboats.com, regencyboats.com, tahoeboats.com, trackeroffroad.com, bassproboatingcenters.com and whiterivermg.com), social media channels, promotional materials, brochures and other properties-examples of content used include photos, text, graphics, audio, video, location information, comments and other materials from social media sites—in connection with its business, including WRMG's marketing, promotional, advertising and other consumer-related activities.
USER-SUBMITTED CONTENT LICENSE.
You hereby grant to WRMG and its related companies, agents, licensees, sublicensees, contractors, successors, legal representatives, assigns and third-party service providers, and their respective retail partners, marketing or public relations agencies, and other affiliates (the "Licensed Parties") a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable right to use your User-Submitted Content in any manner to be determined in the Licensed Parties' sole discretion, including but not limited to on webpages and social media pages operated by the Licensed Parties, in promotional e-mails and advertisements, in brochures and in any and all other marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, and in any media now or hereafter known. The Licensed Parties may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit and/or create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your User-Submitted Content in any manner in their sole discretion, with no obligation to you. We will provide you credit for your content, though.
You grant the Licensed Parties the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, descriptions of you, location or other identifying information, including but not limited to your voice, in connection with any use of your User-Submitted Content.
You hereby agree and represent and warrant that (i) you are solely responsible for your User-Submitted Content, (ii) you own all rights in and to your User-Submitted Content and/or have obtained appropriate rights and permissions from any and all other persons and/or entities who own, are portrayed or appear in, manage or otherwise claim any rights with respect to such User-Submitted Content, (iii) you are not a minor, (iv) the Licensed Parties' use of your User-Submitted Content as described herein will not violate the rights, including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity, moral, proprietary or other rights, of any third party, or any law, rule or regulation, and (v) the User-Submitted Content is not libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, indecent, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise unlawful.
You hereby release, discharge and agree to hold the Licensed Parties, and any person acting on their behalf, harmless from any liability related in any way to the Licensed Parties' use of your User-Submitted Content.
You, for yourself and your heirs, representatives and assigns, permanently, irrevocably and forever waive any and all claims, now or in the future of any kind and nature whatsoever against the Licensed Parties arising out of or relating to their use of your User-Submitted Content. You will indemnify and hold harmless the Licensed Parties and anyone acting on their behalf from and against all third-party claims, liabilities, losses and damages, including but not limited to court costs and attorneys' fees, arising out of, connected with or as a result of your breach of this License Agreement.
This License Agreement represents the entire Agreement between the Parties and supersedes any and all prior understanding, agreements or representations by or among the Parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Delaware notwithstanding its conflicts of laws principles. All disputes arising under or relating to this Agreement shall be within the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located in Delaware, and each of us hereby consents to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue.
The Licensed Parties reserve the right to remove any User-Submitted Content from any WRMG-related website or social media channel..
Experience Life
Off the Beaten Path
Our Story
Terms
Privacy
Contact Us
©2020 White River Marine Group. All Rights Reserved