https://www.impellam.com/cookie-policy
Skip to content
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience. By continuing to use this site we’ll assume you consent to this, however you can change your browser cookie settings at any time. Click here to see our Cookie Policy.
Close
Impellam Group
Group Cookie Policy
Our use of Cookies
Here you will find information on what cookies may be set when you visit any Impellam Group website (“Our Site”) and how to reject or delete those cookies.  By using cookies, We are able to provide you with a better experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use it.
By continuing to use this Site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies in the manner described in this policy.  If you do not agree to our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
1. Definitions
“cookie” means a small file consisting of letters and numbers that Our Site downloads to your computer or device to recognise you as a user when you return to the website using the same computer and web browser, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (a ‘persistent cookie’);
“web beacon” means a small, transparent image file (usually only 1-pixel x 1-pixel in size) used for tracking user behaviour and activity around Our Site;
“We/Us/Our” means Impellam Group plc, a company registered in England under 6511961, whose registered address is 800 The Boulevard, Capability Green, Luton, Beds, LU1 3BA and includes all its subsidiary companies as defined by s.1159 of the Companies Act 2006.
2. Find Out How We Use Cookies
2.1 We may use cookies on Our Site for a number of reasons, all of which are designed to improve your experience of using it.  Cookies allow you to navigate around Our Site better and enable Us to tailor and improve Our Site by saving your preferences and understanding your use of it.
2.2 We use the following types of cookie:
(a) Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around Our Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.  Without these cookies the services you have asked for may not be provided.
(b) Performance Cookies
It is important for Us to understand how you use Our Site, for example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what features you use.  Performance cookies enable us to gather this information, helping Us to improve Our Site and your experience of it.  These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited.
(c) Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember your choices to improve your experience.  Functionality cookies enable Us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences.
(d) Strictly Necessary, Performance and Functionality Cookies
These three types of cookies are necessary to maintain the effectiveness of Our Site, use of use and to provide you with the best experience.  As such we have not provided you an opportunity for these to be disabled independently and by using Our Site you are agreeing that We can place these types of cookies on your computer.
(e) Targeting Cookies
It is also important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Site, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have clicked on).  As with analytics cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests.  Some information gathered by targeting cookies may also be shared with third parties.
(f) Third Party Cookies
Third party cookies are not placed by Us and We have no control over them.  Third party cookies may be used by advertising services to serve up tailored advertising to you on Our Site, or by third parties providing analytics services to Us (these cookies will work in the same way as analytics cookies described above).
(g) Persistent Cookies
Any of the above types of cookie may be a persistent cookie.  Persistent cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
(h) Session Cookies
Any of the above types of cookie may be a session cookie.  Session cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from the point at which you visit Our Site until you close your browser.  Session cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
2.3 We also use web beacons on Our Site to track your navigation around it.  As with analytics cookies described above, web beacons help Us to understand how you use Our Site and enable us to improve it in the future.
2.4 Our cookies have variable expiry periods. This is detailed against each cookie in section 3 below.
2.5 We have used the categories based on the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) UK Cookie Guide (April 2012).
3. What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
You can find more information about the individual cookies We use and the purposes for which We use them in the Cookie table listed in Section 5.
4. How You Can Control Cookies
4.1 Internet browsers normally accept cookies by default.  You can change these settings if you wish, however please be aware that this is not generally a per-site setting and will prevent all websites from using cookies, not just Ours.  Please also be aware that by disabling cookies in your browser, you may impair the functionality of Our Site.
4.2 The links below provide instructions on how to control cookies in all mainstream browsers:
4.2.1.1 Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
4.2.1.2 Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/278835
4.2.1.3 Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/products/microsoft-edge (Please note that there are no specific instructions at this time, but Microsoft support will be able to assist)
4.2.1.4 Safari (OSX): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?viewlocale=en_GB&locale=en_GB
4.2.1.5 Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
4.2.1.6 Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
4.2.1.7 Android: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform=Android&hl=en (Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers)
Alternatively, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers.  You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer, as well as more general information about cookies.  Please note that, as these websites are not owned or operated by Impellam Group, we are not responsible for any of the content on them.
5. Cookies set by third parties
We also use and work with a number of third party suppliers and partners who set cookies on this Site in order to deliver certain services and features.  For example, we sometimes embed videos from seller’s websites, which set cookies on your device when you visit a page on this Site containing embedded content. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. If you would like more information about the cookies used by these organisations, as well as information on how to opt-out, please review the table below.
6. Changes
We may make alter this Cookie Policy at any time.  If We do so, details of the changes will be highlighted at the top of this page.   You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time.
In the event of any conflict between the current version of this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
7. Further Information
7.1 If you would like to know more about how We use cookies, please contact Us at GDPR@Impellam.com
7.2 For more information about cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org (this is an external link and We are not responsible for its content).
7.3 For more information about privacy, data protection and our terms and conditions, please visit the following:
(a) Privacy Policy
(b) Terms