http://www.novemberboards.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Trade Services Today Pty Ltd ("Trade Services Today")
operates novemberboards.com and may operate other websites. It
is Trade Services Today's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Trade Services Today collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Trade Services Today's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Trade Services Today's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Trade Services Today may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Trade Services Today also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on novemberboards.com
blogs/sites. Trade Services Today only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Trade Services Today's websites choose to interact
with Trade Services Today in ways that require Trade Services Today to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Trade Services Today gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at novemberboards.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Trade Services Today are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Trade Services Today collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Trade Services Today. Trade Services Today does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Trade Services Today may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Trade Services Today may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Trade Services Today does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Trade Services Today discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Trade Services Today's behalf or to provide services available
at Trade Services Today's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Trade Services Today's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Trade Services Today will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Trade Services Today discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Trade Services Today believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Trade Services Today, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Trade Services Today website and have supplied your email address, Trade Services Today
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Trade Services Today and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Trade Services Today takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Trade Services Today uses cookies to
help Trade Services Today identify and track visitors, their usage of Trade Services Today
website, and their website access preferences. Trade Services Today visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Trade Services Today's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Trade Services Today's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Trade Services Today, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Trade Services Today goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Trade Services Today may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Trade Services Today and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Trade Services Today may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Trade Services Today's sole
discretion. Trade Services Today encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a novemberboards.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Services Your Domestic Electrician Can Do For You
Simple Cleaning Solutions To Unclog A Drain
What Causes Your Drain In Your Home To Clog?
Ways And Means In Dealing Leaky Faucet At Home
How To Unclog A Bathroom Sink That Drains Slowly
Categories
Tradie News
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Oct
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031