https://www.openingmoments.com/privacy-statement
Home
Vision, Promise, and Core Values
Our Production Team
Rates and Copyright Conditions
Privacy Statement
Creative Services
Customizable Motivational Videos
Corporate Video Production
Event Production
Free Guide to Creating an Exceptional Event
Blog
Motivational Videos Blog
Event Production Tips
Testimonials
FAQs
Contact
Privacy Statement
Because Opening Moments values your privacy we have created the following privacy statement and disclaimer information.
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read or download information:
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or wisc.edu if you are connecting from the University of Wisconsin's domain); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
If you identify yourself by sending an email:
Your privacy is very important to us.
You also may decide to send us identifying information, for example, in an email message asking a question.
We use this information in various ways to further market ourselves to you.
We want to be very clear: we will not obtain identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
We will not rent, loan or sell your information to anybody.
As the Internet matures, so will our policies pertaining to privacy information. We will certainly post policy changes on this page as soon as the commitment has been made to alter any standing policy.
Please know that the security and privacy of your personal information are very important to us. We hope we have eased your concerns.
If you still have questions about Opening Moments Media Corporation's privacy practices, contact us at info@openingmoments.com
Sitemap
About
Testimonials
FAQs
Contact
Make A Payment
Subscribe
Follow Opening Moments Media
I'm happy to assist you with any questions!
Ask David Haneke
Twitter: @openingmoments
Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/davidwhaneke
©2020 Opening Moments Media Corporation
[fa icon="chevron-up"]