https://www.tkda.com/privacy-policy/
All
Divisions
Overview
Architecture
Aviation
Facilities Engineering
Municipal
Rail
Surface Transportation
Our Work
Overview
Aviation
Bridge
Corporate
Education
Energy
Environmental
Food & Beverage
Government Facilities
Highway
Manufacturing & Industrial
Mass Transit
Mining
Municipal
Rail
Sports & Recreation
Traffic
Trails & Parks
Water / Wastewater
Services
Overview
Architecture
Engineering
Planning
Our Company
Overview
Our People
Our Story
Our Giving
Careers
Overview
Be An Owner
Why TKDA
Students & Graduates
Professionals
Benefits
Have Fun
Current Openings
News
Contact Us
Purchase Plan Sets
FTP Site Login
COVID-19 Health Questionnaire
Privacy Policy
Copyright Statement
The content provided by TKDA.com unless otherwise noted, is copyrighted © 2010 Toltz, King, Duvall, Anderson, and Associates, Inc. (TKDA).
Legal Notice
All materials used on this site, including all images, are copyrighted and are protected by copyright laws. They may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without TKDA’s prior written permission.
The materials on this Web site are provided by TKDA for informational purposes only. Pages may be printed out for your personal use only.
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to TKDA. We hope the following policy will help you understand how TKDA collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide on our website.
Information Collection
If you browse TKDA’s website, you do so anonymously. We don’t collect personal information or your e-mail address. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which parts of our website you visit and how long you spend there. But we do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable. The only other information automatically provided to us is the type of computer and operating system you are using. Your browser supplies us with this information.
At times we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, such as your e-mail address and postal address, for purposes such as corresponding with us, registering at a site, making a purchase, or participating in an online survey.
Information Use
If you provide us with your e-mail or postal address, TKDA will not sell or provide the information you furnish to a third party for any reason.
Data Security
TKDA is fully committed to data security. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us online. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us. In this regard, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data while you are on the Internet. At a minimum, we encourage you to change your passwords often, using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure that you are using a secure browser as you surf the Internet.
TKDA’s privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. This page will always reflect our most up-to-date policy.
Last Updated: January 1, 2010