http://www.barbaraglanz.com/privacy-policy/
About Barbara
About Barbara
Extended Bio
Client List 1
Client List 2
Client List 3
Honors & Awards
Photos
What is a CSP?
News
Barbara's News
Newsletters
Hiring Barbara
Hiring Barbara
Most Requested Topics
Benefits
Guarantees
Promotional Materials
Calendar
Programs
Virtual Progams - NEW!
All Programs
Employee Engagement
Customer Service
Appreciation & Recognition
Kindness
Change
Coaching
Personal Coaching
Executive Coaching
Video FAQs
Video
Demo Reel 2020
Short Demo Reel 2020
VIRTUAL KEYNOTES
Keynote Preview
Barbara on Good Life Tampa Bay
Live Presentation on Appreciation
Live Presentation on Kindness
Ken Blanchard and Barbara
National SHRM Conference
Hall of Fame Acceptance
Johnny the Bagger Story
Johnny the Bagger Film
Video Q&A
Products
Products
Johnny the Bagger
Quote Calendar
Books
Videos & DVD
Audio
Posters
Fun Accessories
Bundles
Resources
Articles
Idea of the Month
Blog
Contact
Who we are
Our website address is: https://barbaraglanz.com. This is the public web Site for Barbara Glanz Communications, Inc.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
If you fill out a contact form, the information may be retained indefinitely.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
Nobody.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
“Barbara Glanz is a gem – a rare find among speakers! Not only does she share HOW to inspire others to do their best, she MODELS the behavior with her own contagious enthusiasm and powerful personal illustrations. Her care and concern for people is apparent both on and off the stage. She connects with her audience so that everyone sees her not as a professional speaker but as a friend and mentor. Our owners and managers loved her and were enthusiastic about having her return on another occasion (something we rarely do).“
Jeff Fendley
Director of Training
Merry Maids
The happiness of life is made up of minute fractions - the little soon forgotten charities of a kiss or smile, a kind look, a heartfelt compliment, and the countless infinitesimals of pleasurable and genial feeling. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge -
Home |
About |
Hiring Barbara |
Programs |
Video FAQ |
Videos |
Products |
Articles & Ideas |
Blog |
Contact
Barbara Glanz Communications, Inc. | 6140 Midnight Pass Rd., #802 | Sarasota, FL 34242
p 941-312-9169 | f 941-349-8209 |
bglanz@barbaraglanz.com
©2015 Barbra Glanz Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy