http://www.holepop.com/privacy-policy
Skip to the primary navigation.Skip to the content.
Holepop.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
Do we collect and use personal information?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. This is collected when you fill out order and contact forms.
We may use the information we collect from you to improve our customer service, speeding up transactions, and allowing us to follow up after correspondence. We may also use this information to send periodic emails.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small data files placed on your device by a website when you visit. Holepop may use cookies set by us or other companies for tracking purposes or to make our site easier to use. Cookies are currently the best way to effectively identify a unique anonymous visitor and understand how they navigate our Sites. Like many websites, we do not currently respond to “do not track” browser headers. But with most internet browsers, you can take steps to limit tracking by erasing cookies from your device and by setting your browser to block all cookies or warn you before a cookie is stored. Cookies offer enhanced functionality to the user, but whether you allow a cookie to be placed on your device is up to you.
Holepop.com uses cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
These services enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites or other services. You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by clicking the following links:
Google: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at:
https://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
Users are able to change their personal information by emailing us.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site notification within 7 business days. We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If you would like to opt out from getting emails, you may email us at info@holepop.com and request to unsubscribe.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Holepop EDM Supplies and Electrodes LLC
7272 Saturn Dr. Suite R
Huntington Beach, CA 92647, USA
info@holepop.com
Last Edited on 2016-04-12
Who We Are
Holepop EDM Supplies and Electrodes is a provider of high precision, customizable components used in electrical
discharge machining small hole drilling. We manufacture and distribute brass, copper, and tungsten carbide
electrodes, ceramic and silicon nitride guides, dielectric fluid, and chucks, helping you find comprehensive
solutions for your EDM application.
Information
Holepop EDM Supplies and Electrodes
7272 Saturn Dr., Suite R
Huntington Beach CA, 92647
+1 (714) 222-9899
info@holepop.com
Sitemap
Electrodes
Applications
Anatomy
Custom Solutions
Elliptical Electrodes
Brass
Single Hole
Multi Channel
Rod
Wire
Zinc Coated Brass EDM Wire
Copper
Oxygen Free Copper
Single Hole
Multi Channel
Rod
Tungsten Carbide
Single Hole
Rod
Offset Inner Channel
Copper Tungsten
Plate
Single Hole
Multi Channel
Silver Tungsten Rod
Molybdenum Rod
Consumables
Dielectric Fluid
Electrodes
Guides
Chucks
Electrode Guides
Custom Solutions
Ceramic
Silicon Nitride
Agie Charmilles 054-0014 Guide Sets
Current EDM RT/CT Series
EDM Chucks
Keyed
Keyless
ER Collet Chucks
EDM Chuck Grommets
Our Company
Order
Quality
Blog
Research
Resources
EDM ElectrodesEDM ElectrodesSmall Hole Drilling ApplicationsAnatomy of an EDM ElectrodeCustom EDM Drills for Specialized ApplicationsDiscounts and OverstockElliptical EDM ElectrodesEDM Electrodes Specification SheetBrass EDM Electrodes & DrillsSingle Hole EDM TubesMulti Channel EDM TubesEDM Electrode RodsEDM WireZinc Coated Brass EDM WireCopper EDM Electrodes & DrillsOxygen free Copper EDM Electrodes & DrillsSingle Hole EDM TubesMulti Channel EDM TubesEDM Electrode RodsCopper Tungsten EDM Electrodes and DrillsCopper Tungsten Foil ElectrodesCopper Tungsten Single Hole EDM TubesCopper Tungsten EDM RodsTungsten Carbide EDM Electrodes & DrillsTungsten Carbide EDM Single Hole TubesTungsten Carbide EDM RodsOffset Inner Channel Tungsten Carbide ElectrodesSilver-Tungsten EDM RodsMolybdenum EDM RodsLaser EngravingEDM Electrode GuidesCustom EDM GuidesCurrent EDM RT Series Electrode GuidesEDM Silicon Nitride GuidesAgie-Charmilles/AgieDrill 054-0014 Ruby Guide SetsEDM Ceramic GuidesDielectric FluidChucksChuck AdaptersKeyless EDM Drill ChucksKeyed EDM Drill ChucksER Collet ChucksEDM Chuck GrommetsAbout Our CompanyBlogHolepop and ResearchQuality ControlResourcesContact Us