http://www.riotinto.com/footer/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Home
Footer
Terms & Conditions
Footer
share
Terms & Conditions
USE BY YOU OF THE RIO TINTO WEBSITE, AND ANY INFORMATION THAT APPEARS ON THE RIO TINTO WEBSITE, CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Conditions of use of the Rio Tinto website
All information on the Rio Tinto website is provided for information only.
Rio Tinto has made reasonable efforts to ensure that information provided on the Rio Tinto website is accurate at the time of inclusion. However, there may be inadvertent and occasional errors for which Rio Tinto apologises.
Rio Tinto makes no representations or warranties of any kind about the information provided on the Rio Tinto website or via hypertext links or any other item used either directly or indirectly from the Rio Tinto website and reserves the right to make changes and corrections at any time, without notice.
By accessing the Rio Tinto website, you agree that Rio Tinto will not be liable for any inaccuracies or omissions or any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages or losses, or any other damages or losses of whatsoever kind, resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from or through the Rio Tinto website and any decisions based on such information are the sole responsibility of the visitor.
No information contained on the Rio Tinto website constitutes or shall be deemed to constitute an invitation or inducement to invest or otherwise deal in the shares or any other securities of Rio Tinto plc, Rio Tinto Limited, any other member of the Rio Tinto Group, any other person, or to engage in any investment activity, and must not be relied upon in connection with any investment decision.
The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law.
Directors' statement in relation to financial information published on the Rio Tinto website
The maintenance and integrity of the Rio Tinto website is the responsibility of the directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the financial statements (including the half-year results) since they were initially presented on the Rio Tinto website.
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
Currency
All $ values refer to US dollars unless stated otherwise.
Ownership
Where Rio Tinto is not the sole owner of a company, the percentage interest is shown. For convenience, the expression “Rio Tinto” is used to describe both Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited and companies within the Rio Tinto Group, even though these companies are separate, independently managed entities.
Third party links
The Rio Tinto website contains hypertext links to information or other content hosted on other websites, which are maintained by third parties. Rio Tinto is not responsible for any information or other content that is being provided by third parties on other websites.
Copyright in content
Rio Tinto is the owner or licensee of all rights (including copyright) in the content (including text, image(s), logo(s), branding, design(s), and video(s)) that appears on the Rio Tinto website.
The content is made available on the Rio Tinto website in good faith and on the basis that:
Any reproduction of the content will include the following acknowledgement adjacent to the content used - "Copyright © 2019 Rio Tinto"
The content may not be altered in any way
The content will not be used for or in connection with any purpose that is detrimental to Rio Tinto, its officers or employees or any other third party
The content may not be used for any third-party commercial purposes
The content may not be sold, transferred, licensed or sub-licensed
Confirm
Manage Cookie Preferences
Before continuing to use our site, we would like you to consider opting in to the use of cookies in line with our Data Privacy Policy. You may also choose which cookies you are happy for us to use or not agree to any cookies. Please follow the Cookies Preferences link to indicate your preference.
Manage Cookie Preferences
We Value Your Privacy
How we process personal data provided or obtained through this website.
With the exception of the use of cookies, Rio Tinto generally does not seek to collect personal data through this website.
However if you choose to provide personal data to Rio Tinto through this website (for example, by sending us an email), we will process that personal data to answer your query and if relevant, to manage our business relationship with you or your company. We won't process that personal data for other purposes except where required to meet our legal obligations or otherwise as authorised by law and notified to you.
If you choose to subscribe to our media releases or other communications, you can unsubscribe at any time (by following the instructions in the email or by contacting us).
Information About Our Use of Cookies
With your consent, our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
As some data privacy laws regulate IP addresses and other information collected through the use of cookies as personal data, Rio Tinto’s processing of such personal data needs to comply with its Data Privacy Standard (see Part 1 of our Privacy Policy), and also applicable data privacy laws.
Online Privacy Statement
How we process personal data provided or obtained through this website
With the exception of the use of cookies (explained below), Rio Tinto generally does not seek to collect personal data through this website.
However if you choose to provide personal data to Rio Tinto through this website (for example, by sending us an email), we will process that personal data to answer your query and if relevant, to manage our business relationship with you or your company. We won't process that personal data for other purposes except where required to meet our legal obligations or otherwise as authorised by law and notified to you.
Part 1 of this Privacy Policy contains the Rio Tinto Data Privacy Standard, which provides an overview of Rio Tinto’s approach to personal data processing. There is additional information in the appendices to the Data Privacy Standard, including information about disclosures, trans-border data transfers, the exercise of data subject rights and how to make complaints or obtain further information relating to Rio Tinto’s processing of your personal data.
If you choose to subscribe to our media releases or other communications, you can unsubscribe at any time (by following the instructions in the email or by contacting us at digital.comms@riotinto.com).
Cookie Privacy Statement
Information about our use of cookies
With your consent, our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
As some data privacy laws regulate IP addresses and other information collected through the use of cookies as personal data, Rio Tinto’s processing of such personal data needs to comply with its Data Privacy Standard (see Part 1 of this Privacy Policy), and also applicable data privacy laws.
We use the following cookies:
Functional Cookies
These Cookies are used to provide a better user experience on the site, such as by measuring interactions with particular content or remembering your settings such as language or video playback preferences.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies allow us to analyse site usage in order to evaluate and improve its performance. They help us know how often you come to our site and when, how long you stay and any performance issues you experience whilst you are on our site.
Advertising Cookies
These Cookies are used by advertising companies to inform and serve personalised ads to your devices based on your interests. These Cookies also facilitate sharing information with social networks or recording your interactions with particular ads.
Save Changes