http://www.victronenergy.com/privacy-policy
Home
Products
Charge & Convert
Battery
Solar
Others
Autotransformers
Chargers
Inverters
Inverter/chargers
Isolation transformers
Batteries
Battery isolators and combiners
Battery Management Systems
Battery monitors
Battery Protect
DC-DC converters
Inverter/charger/MPPT
Solar charge controllers
Solar panels
Solar home systems
Accessories
Cables
DC Distribution systems & Fuses
Panels and system monitoring
Transfer switches
See all products
Markets
Energy access and PAYGo
View
Automotive
Industrial
Marine
Mobility
Off-grid and Backup
Energy Storage
Telecom
Energy Access
Downloads
Field test: PV Modules
Field test: PV Modules
Where to buy
Information
Exhibitions
Training
Jobs
Price list
Press
Support
Blog
Contact
Login
VRM
E-Order and E-RMA
Victron Professional
EN
English
Select your language
Chinese
Czech
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Espanol
Finnish
Francais
Greek
Hungarian
Italiano
Nederlands
Norsk
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Slovene
Swedish
Turkish
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains what kind of data we collect of visitors of the Victron Energy website and why we collect this data.
Functional cookies
The website can place cookies on your computer to support features of the website, such as CSRF cookies (for preventing abuse while submitting forms) and session cookies (to allow you to log in). The purpose of these cookies are to identify you, they are unique for everybody. We do not use these cookies to track people in any way. At all times you can delete these cookies from your computer.
Data
On certain parts of our website we either gather data or show gathered data. Below you'll find a list of these parts and the data we gather.
Downloads
On our downloads page, when requesting a download of a certain file, we sometimes request an email address from you before we'll let you download this file. This email address is stored in our own CMS and provides us with insight into which customer downloads certain files.
Blog
On our blog you can subscribe to be notified of new blog posts. This email address is stored in our CMS.
You can unsubscribe from notifications by clicking the unsubscribe link in your email. You can also send an email to feedback@victronenergy.com and we'll remove your data from our CMS.
Third party sharing
We share data with a few third parties. This is for sending newsletters or to understand how the website is being used. Below you'll find a list of these third parties.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect aggregated statistics about visitors in order to understand how the site is used. This allows us to answers questions such as:
What browsers are frequently used (so we know which browsers to test with when we make new pages)
What screen resolutions are frequently used (so we can determine if we should add mobile layouts)
How long it takes to load a page
This information is anonymized and aggregated as soon as Google Analytics processes it. We cannot distinguish or track individual users.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users' needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar's storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar's use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Hotjar is based in Malta. Their privacy policy can be found here.
Mailchimp
On our website you can sign up for newsletters. We use Mailchimp for sending you these newsletters. Your name, email address and language preference will be sent to Mailchimp.
You can unsubscribe from these newsletters by clicking the unsubscribe link in your email. You can also send an email to feedback@victronenergy.com and we'll remove your data from Mailchimp.
Mailchimp is based in the USA. Their privacy policy can be found here.
CDNetworks
We use CDNetworks to provide you with faster loading times of our website. CDNetworks has servers all around the world. CDNetworks caches all the files on the website (e.g. html, images and CSS) and serves them from the server closest to your location. This means all public data is also stored on CDNetworks servers.
CDNetworks is based in the United Kingdom. Their privacy policy can be found here and their GDPR Addendum can be found here.
Disqus
We use Disqus to provide you with the ability to comment on certain blog posts.
Disqus is based in the USA. Their privacy policy can be found here. You can opt out from Disqus data sharing using this link.