https://www.xebecindia.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Services
B2B Marketing
Digital Marketing
Consulting
Work
Contact
Blog
News and Happenings
Xebec Communications » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU UNCONDITIONALLY ACCEPT AND AGREE WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT PROCEED FURTHER TO USE THIS WEBSITE.
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Xebecindia when you use the Xebecindia Website. By accepting our Privacy Policy, you agree to let the Company collect, use and disclose information about you in accordance with the purposes listed below.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we may provide you with additional notice or require a renewed consent (e.g., by adding a statement to our website’s homepage). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the website to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
The terms “we”, “our” and “us” refers to Company and its affiliates, and the term “you”, “your” or the “users” refers to you, the users of the Website. Please note that those capitalized terms not defined herein, shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Terms of Use applicable to the Website.
2. INFORMATION WHICH IS COLLECTED AND STORED
We may collect and store the following information in relation to the Services:
When you registered for an account, we collect your Personal Information. Personal Information includes but is not limited to, your name, gender, login credentials, password, contact number, credit card or other billing information, email address, home postal address or other details relating to fitness checks including age, weight, height, waist and diet etc. Further, during your access and use of the Website, we may learn and collect additional information from and about you which may become part of the Personal Information.
As part of the Services, User authorize us to import User’s details and Personal Information dispersed over Third Party Websites. “Third Party Websites/Platforms” are social networking platforms, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, google account and other similar platforms.
Data: When you use or access the Website, we may also collect and store additional information which may or may not personally identify you or be identifiable with other information collected. Such information includes, without limitation, your internet protocol address, browser types, domain name, type of operating system and other statistical data involving your use of the Website and/or our Services. This information is collected passively using various technologies or may be provided by you through communications with us.
3. APPLICABLE LAW
This Privacy Policy is governed by the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011, which is designed to protect Personal Information; other relevant laws applicable in India, and the Company policies.
4. DISCLOSURES
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf; With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf; In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of the Company or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and With your consent or at your direction.
If you log into the Website using a third-party service, such as Facebook or Apple Game Center, we may share information provided by those services with other players for certain in-Website features, such as leaderboards.
Further, the Website may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take in the Website with other media, and vice versa. You must be at least 13 years of age to use any social sharing features integrated in the Website. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
5. DATA RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or till the time we are required to provide you the Services. We may retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information, upon reasonable request. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. In addition, we do not delete from our servers’ files that you have in common with other users.
6. SECURITY
The Company takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
The Company will store your information for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the Website.
You are responsible for all actions of your user account and password. Therefore, we do not recommend that you disclose your password to any third party. If you choose to share your user account and password or any Personal Information with third parties, you are solely responsible for the same. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your Personal Information and may be subject to legally binding actions.
7. INTERACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY
We are interested in your views, and we value the Feedback (defined below) we receive from you, we therefore have set up blogs and chat rooms for providing better Services and to receive your feedbacks. However, do not control or are responsible such Feedback or the Personal Information which you make available through these chat rooms or the Website. We encourage you to be careful about what Personal Information you disclose in this way.
Subject to any applicable law, any communication sent by you via the Website or through the blogs chat rooms or otherwise on the Website to us (including without limitation contents, images, audio, feedback etc. collectively “Feedback”) is on a non-confidential basis, and we are under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing or otherwise using it in any way or for any purpose. We can use the Feedback, including without limitation any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including without limitation developing, manufacturing and/or marketing Services. You agree you will not assert any ownership right of any kind in the Feedback (including without limitation copyright, patent, trademark, unfair competition, moral rights, or implied contract) and you hereby irrevocably waive the right to receive any financial or other consideration in connection with the Feedback, including without limitation acknowledgment of you as the source of the Feedback. Your submission of any Feedback shall constitute an assignment to us of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Feedback. For this reason, we ask that you do not send us any Feedback that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information, Personal Information or any original creative materials. You shall be responsible for the content and information contained in any Feedback sent by you to the Website or otherwise to us, including without limitation for its truthfulness and accuracy.
In the event you participate in any interactive features of the Website, participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstakes, activity or event, apply for a job, request customer support, communicate with us via third party social media sites or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the data you submit for such participation, which may also include Personal Information. We would use such data, as per the terms of this Privacy Policy.
8. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless from and against any claims arising out of or relating to: (i) Personal Information and contents that you submit or share on the Website and for the Services (ii) your violation of any rights of any other person in connection with the Website.
9. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS
All rights not expressly granted in this Privacy Policy are reserved by the Company and its licensors, as the case may be. Nothing contained in this Privacy Policy shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppels or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property right of Company or any other person or to user.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Company will not be liable for any damages, direct or indirect, incidental or consequential, and all liabilities (including for negligence, loss or damage such as loss of revenue, unavailability of system or loss of data and loss of your Personal Information) and for use of or inability to use Services of any kind that is offered or to provide indemnity or any other remedy to you or any third party.
11. DISPUTES
Governing Laws: This Agreement shall be construed and governed by the laws of India without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
Dispute Resolution: Any dispute arising, shall be submitted to the arbitration to be conducted in Pune, India in English language, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 (as amended from time to time), by a sole arbitrator, who shall be appointed by the Company and the award made in pursuance thereof shall be binding on the parties hereto. The dispute resolution and arbitration process mentioned in this Section will not prohibit Company from approaching the courts for appropriate interim reliefs. The courts in Pune, India shall have an exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this policy.
12. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Amendments to this policy will be posted to this Website and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this Website following the posting of any amendment, modification, or change shall constitute your acceptance of the amendment. We request you to check this Privacy Policy on a periodic basis to ascertain if any additional considerations are involved with regard to your Personal Information.
13. CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns or grievances regarding this Privacy Policy, you can contact us as per this policy, or wish to make a complaint, please contact us at anilbhat@xebecindia.com
Privacy Policy was last modified:
May 21st, 2020 by admin