http://www.safeguard-technology.com/privacy-policy/
Safeguard Technology will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Safeguard Technology web site. Safeguard Technology is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. Such information is securely stored within the Safeguard Technology private network. Some information may also be shared with Safeguard Technology business partners and other organizations and individuals with which Safeguard Technology has established a strategic alliance or other contractual relationship. The primary purpose behind the sharing of information is to better the services being provided to you by Safeguard Technology and by the organizations and individuals for which Safeguard Technology has established contractual relationships. Information will also be used to improve Safeguard Technology sales, marketing, and business development efforts.
How we handle information about your visit to our site
If you read or download information, we automatically collect and store:
the requested web page
the domain from which you access the Internet (e.g. wowway.com)
the date and time you access our site
status of the request (e.g. success or failure)
the type and version of your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, etc.)
the operating system (Windows, Mac, Unix, etc.) of the machine running the web browser
Links & Disclaimer
Our web site has links to many other organizations with their permission. Upon leaving the Safeguard Technology web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. Safeguard Technology is not responsible for the availability of the systems being linked to and these links are provided to you as a service for you to better understand the different business relationships that Safeguard Technology has established.
STAY INFORMED!
Join The Safeguard Email List For First Access To New Products & Insights
Receive more information on preventing slips-and-falls
Close
Let us help you solve your problem
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Request a Sample