http://www.daytraderswin.com/terms-of-use/
Home
Services
Trades-3 Years
Trades 2020 (Jul – Dec)
Trades 2020 (Jan – June)
Trades 2019 (Jul-Dec)
Trades 2019 (Jan-June)
Trades 2018 (Jul-Dec)
Trades 2018 (Jan-June)
Trades 2017 (July-Dec)
Day Trader?
Day Trading?
Videos
Master Stock Coach
949-218-4114
Home
Services
Trading Stocks
Trades 2020 (7-12)
Trades 2020 (1-6)
Trades 2019 (7-12)
Trades 2019 (1-6)
Trades 2018 (7-12)
Videos
Trades 2020 (Jul – Dec)
Use of this day trade website, and the day trader information and day trading materials distributed in conjunction with the Day Traders Win Trading WEALTH learning program, is made available to you only through your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and such other notices that may be posted on this website from time to time (collectively referred to herein as the “Terms of Use”).
Your use of this daytrading website or of any content presented herein indicates your acknowledgment of and agreement to our Terms of Use.
If you are not willing to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access or use this website or any of its content.
Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any term or condition contained herein without notice or liability to you or any other person.
Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effectively immediately following the posting of such changes on this website.
The most recent version of these Terms of Use may always be found at www.DayTradersWin.com/terms-of-use.
You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this website following changes to these Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes.
These Terms of Use were last modified on November 25, 2010
Disclaimer
This website is for informational purposes only and is not intended to provide specific commercial, financial, tax, or legal advice.
It is provided to you solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for purposes of resale, distribution, public display or performance, or any other uses by you in any form or manner whatsoever.
Unless otherwise indicated on this website, you may display, download, archive, and print a single copy of any information on this website, or otherwise distributed from Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach for such personal, non-commercial use.
The performance of this website and all information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website are provided to you on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind whatsoever, including any express or implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy or non-infringement of the rights of third parties.
Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunctionof any telephone network or lines, computer on-line systems, servers, Internet access providers, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof including any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer as a result of using this website.
Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of this website or any information contained thereon without liability or notice to you.
As a visitor to our website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this website shall be entirely at your own risk.
In no event shall Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this website, even if Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Privacy Policy and CAN-SPAM Matters
You have read and agree to all of the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, which is located at: DayTradersWin.com/privacy.
You acknowledge and agree that, by providing us with your name and email address on the entry page of this website, you have subscribed to receive e-mail.
This e-mail is offered as a free service by Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach, without cost or obligation. Should you wish to unsubscribe at any time from this free email, you may do so by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email, or by notifying us via e-mail at info@DayTradersWin.com.
On occasion, subscribers have had trouble removing themselves from this free email.
If you encounter any similar difficulties, please contact us at Service@DayTradersWin.com for personal attention.
By entering this website, you agree that you have opted-in to receive our email by providing your first name and email address on our website, and mobile telephone number and agree that you will make no threats or take any action against Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach in the event you are unhappy with the content contained in our emails or that you subscribed or are not able to remove yourself from the mailing list, and you agree that the small inconvenience of receiving emails will cause you no personal, emotional, or financial harm whatsoever.
Confidentiality and Transmissions over the Internet
The transmission of data or information (including communications by e-mail) over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks is not secure, and is subject to possible loss, interception or alteration while in transit.
Accordingly, we do not assume any liability for any damage you may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any transmissions over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks, such as transmissions involving the exchange of e-mail with us (including those which may contain your personal or credit card information).
While we shall take commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of the information you provide us and treat such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, in no event will the information you provide to us be deemed to be confidential, create any fiduciary obligations to you on our part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event that such information is inadvertently released by us or accessed by third parties without our consent.
User Conduct and Obligations
You agree to follow all applicable laws and regulations when using this websites. Furthermore, you agree that you shall not:
1. Upload, post or otherwise transmit through or to this website any content that:
is unlawful, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, lewd, offensive, defamatory or otherwise objectionable;
might infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, rights of publicity, or other proprietary rights of others;
contains any viruses, Trojan horses, time bombs, or any other harmful programs or elements;
2. Disrupt, place unreasonable burdens or excessive loads on, interfere with or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of our website, its computer systems, servers or networks;
3. Provide false information about yourself to us, impersonate any other person, or otherwise attempt to mislead others about your identity or the origin of any content, message or other communication;
4. Transmit junk mail, chain letters, or other unsolicited bulk e-mail or duplicative messages;
5. Attempt to collect information about visitors to our website or otherwise attempt to extract data or data fields, including without limitation any credit card information or e-mail addresses;
6. Sell access to or the use of this website, including any content contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website, except as specifically permitted in writing by Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach; and
7. Redistribute, without our specific written consent, any content found on this website in any manner whatsoever including by means of printed publication, fax broadcast, web pages, e-mail, web newsgroups or forums, or any other electronic or paper-based service or method.
8. Share your login details or user account information with any third party except after receiving our direct written permission. (With the exception of a single employee or person who you have designated to act on your behalf.)
By uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting through or to our website any content (including but not limited to testimonials or endorsements), you grant to us, our affiliates, successors and assigns, a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to use or distribute such content in any manner otherwise than as stated in our Privacy Policy. This includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the right to reproduce, edit or create derivative works from such content.
Indemnification by User
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliates, business partners, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from any loss, liability, claim, demand, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees) asserted by any third party relating in any way to your use of this website or breach of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations.
Third Party Websites, Content and Products and Services
You acknowledge and agree that your business dealings with any third parties, including any merchants or advertisers, found on, or accessed through our website and any of their services, including payment for and delivery of any goods and services, are solely as between you and such third parties. If Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach provides access to third party providers of goods and/or services, you acknowledge and agree that we may receive referral fees and/or other compensation from such third parties. You acknowledge that we assume no responsibility whatsoever for any charges, losses or liabilities you may incur when making purchases or completing transactions with such third parties, and we shall not be responsible or liable in any way for any loss or damage of any kind which you may incur as a result of, or in connection with, any dealings or transactions with such third parties. Furthermore, Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach assumes no responsibility for any content which you may find on sites that link either to or from us, including (without limitation) the accuracy of the information found on these sites, the compliance (or lack thereof) with any legal requirements applicable to these sites and for any viruses or other harmful programs that may be contained on these sites, nor is Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach responsible should any site contain content or links to other sites that you may find offensive.
By accessing third party services through our website, you hereby authorize such third party service provides to provide Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach with personal information regarding your use of and your activities with respect to the purchase and use of third party services and/or goods.
Links or pointers to other websites and references to products and services offered by third parties are provided to you for convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement or approval by us of (i) the organizations that operate such websites, (ii) the content, privacy policies or other terms of use on such websites or (iii) such third party products and services. As we have no control or responsibility over websites or content maintained by other organizations, or for products and services offered by third parties, we do not assume any liability for your use of any of the foregoing, which use you acknowledge and agree shall be at your own risk.
Proprietary and Intellectual Property Rights
“Day Traders Win” as well as the stylized versions of these terms and the logo(s) associated with them, and the other identifying trade and/or service marks of Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach, and its affiliates are and shall remain the exclusive property of Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach, and any unauthorized use of these marks is unlawful. Other trademarks that may be displayed on this website are the property of their respective owners. All content on this website is the copyrighted property of Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach and is protected by international copyright law.
Our policy is to comply with all applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any content that we may post on this website. If you believe that your work has been reproduced on this website in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a notice (which may be submitted electronically) containing all of the following information:
1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner for the purposes of the complaint.
2. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
3. Identification of the material on our website that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity
4. The address, telephone number or e-mail address of the complaining party.
5. A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
6. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice of copyright infringement is accurate, and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed.
All notices of copyright infringement should be sent to: Day Traders Win.
c/o John McLaughlin, Day Trading – Consultant / Coach
Suite 176,
Laguna Niguel, California 92677
E-mail: Service@DayTradersWin.com
Please note that we are only able to correspond in English.
Refund Policy –
All Consulting and Coaching Services are Final – absolutely No Refunds, for Any Reasons or Circumstances whatsoever.
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase of any Products, EXCLUSIVE of consulting and coaching Services which have NO REFUND policy whatsoever, we will be happy to accept a return for up to 30 days from the purchase date for a full refund. (Electronic products will be refunded up to 30 days after date of purchase.)
Products must be in the condition you received them and include the original packing slip. We highly recommend you return the product using a tracking number.
All transactions are conducted in United States Dollars (USD) and no adjustment for changes in foreign exchange rates will be made.
Professional Consultation and Coaching : All consulting and coaching services must be paid for in advance. If you choose to cancel, at any time, as stated above, there are no refunds, whatsoever.
Coaching Products: For any of our live coaching packages (media recordings) you can have a refund up to 7 days after purchase, for the full amount. After 7 days, if you continue to attend any coaching sessions you will no longer be eligible for a refund since you have agreed to and accepted the services that have already been supplied. This does not affect your 30 day full satisfaction guarantee for any digital home study courses.
By signing up as an affiliate with Day Traders Win and or Day Traders Coach, you agree to the following Terms of Service.
This agreement is by and between Day Traders Win and/or their assigns and all subscribers. Unless the context requires otherwise, Day Traders Win and/or their assigns shall be referred to as “us, we, or our” and you shall be referred to as “you, your or subscriber.”
You understand that Day Traders Win and/or their assigns does not guarantee or predict any type of profit, outcome, or response from said services. Subscriber agrees to hold harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, expenses, suits, damages, costs, demands or liabilities, joint or several, of whatever kind or nature which and/or their assigns may become subject arising out of or relating in any way to the use of the services provided under this agreement, including, without limitation, in each case attorneys” fees, costs and expenses actually incurred in defending against or enforcing any such losses, claims, expenses, suits, damages or liabilities.
A. Services to be provided. We agree to pay you certain commissions as described on our website for referral sales made by customers. Affiliates are not permitted to make purchases under their own affiliate links. Any commissions owed shall be considered null and void in the event of this happening by either accidental or deliberate actions.
B. Termination. We may terminate your account:
(a) If you violate our Terms of Service Policy; (b) promote in a manner that is unethical or inappropriate; or (c) for any reason, in our sole discretion. Affiliates are not permitted to use any form of negative advertising that might tarnish the reputation or brand of Day Traders Win or Day Traders Coach, or John McLaughlin, Stock Coach.
C. No Warranties. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES TO YOU OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, ITS SUBCONTRACTORS AND AFFILIATES PROVIDE YOU. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OF THIS SERVICE FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. We shall not be liable for any damages suffered by you, whether indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, or consequential, including, by not limited to, loss of data or service interruptions, regardless of cause or fault. We are not responsible for your lost profits or for your loss of data or information.
D. TERMS. You agree: (1) to use our system in a manner that is ethical and in conformity with community standards; (2) to respect the privacy of other users (you shall not intentionally seek data or passwords belonging to other users, nor will you modify files or represent yourself as another user unless explicitly authorized to do so by that user); (3) to respect the legal protection provided by copyright law, trade secret law, or other laws protecting intellectual property; 4) to accept commercial emails from us.
If we learn of a violation or likely violation of our TERMS OF SERVICE, we will attempt to notify you. If you do not take immediate remedial action which is satisfactory to us, or in the event of a serious violation of the TERMS OF SERVICE, we reserve the right to terminate your account immediately. Every effort will be made to inform you prior to account termination, and to re-establish your account upon receiving such representations from you as we deem appropriate in the circumstances.
YOUR SERVICE WILL BE TERMINATED IMMEDIATELY AND WITHOUT WARNING SHOULD YOU USE OUR SYSTEM AS PART OF ANY BULK EMAIL CAMPAIGN. You may also be subject to fines and legal actions as a result of your bulk email promotion.
E. Assignment. This agreement is personal to you. You may not assign your rights under this agreement without our prior written consent. If you do assign your rights, as would be the case were someone other than you to use your account, you shall remain liable to us for any fees due under this agreement. We may assign this agreement at any time.
F. Change of Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to change the terms and conditions of this agreement as needed. Use of our servers by you after said changes constitutes acceptance of those new terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the new terms and conditions, we may terminate this agreement in accordance with Section B.
G. Notification of Account Changes. You agree to provide us with such other information relating to your use of this service as we deem necessary or desirable. You agree to notify us if your address, email address, telephone number, billing information changes.
H. Notices. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given on the date of delivery: if delivered personally to the party to whom notice is to be given; if sent by electronic mail with a cc: to sender; if sent by fax; or on the third day after mailing by first class mail.
I. General Provisions. The subject headings of the articles and sections are for convenience only, and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions. If any portion of this agreement is found invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be severed and the remainder of this agreement shall remain in force. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us pertaining to its subject matter and supersedes all of our prior agreements, representations, and understandings. Subject to Section I, no supplement, modification, or amendment of this agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both parties. No waiver of any of the provisions of this agreement shall be deemed, or shall constitute, a waiver of any other provision, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. No waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver. This agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts. Each shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. If an organization is the subscriber, the individual signing up for our services represents that he or she is duly authorized to enter into this agreement on behalf of that organization. In the event of a dispute, the parties agree to submit the matter to the Community Dispute Resolution Service or any recognized Arbitration Board located within our state and county, before instituting litigation.
General
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held invalid or unenforceable in any respect by any court with jurisdiction over the parties, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision of these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of laws provisions thereto. The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of, and venue and situs in, California.
Contact
If you have any questions, concerns, want to request a product refund, no service refunds are allowed under any circumstance, or ask about our website or these Terms of Use, please feel free to contact us via email : support@DayTradersWin.com
What Clients Say...
Testimonials
I have implemented many of the ideas, day trading strategies, simple day trading rules you recommended to develop my trading skills and my financial performance has sky rocketed. You are the best.
Bobby Ferduson
John’s “in the now” online day trading perspective, ideas, calls, his intuitive skills, tips, and recommendations on how to remain a daytrade winner, to be highly competitive in today’s stock markets are invaluable, to say the least. Moreover, John delivers his day trading system and message with confidence, integrity and a style that is sure to command the attention and respect of any day trader in search of his dream of success.
Ben Madison
John knows Day Trading! Few traders can match John for creative thinking and having the right day trading system to get the job done. Although I have known John personally, this recommendation is purely based on his skills and ability he delivers as a day trader genius.
Christopher Anthony
John is one of the most engaging, insightful, knowledgeable and inspiring persons that I have ever met.
He is an exceptional and very intuitive day trader who has a wealth of knowledge in day trading and winning.
Selma Tanssy
Until this year, I’d always thought that my efforts were on track… that was until I reached out to John for some trading advice. John showed me just how much the markets and trading, short or long term, have changed and why I needed to change.
Christopher Anthony
John gave me valuable day trading insight on how to be a winning day trader, on building my own day trading business and some great day trading tips on how to be in the present moment bbefore, during, and after each trade, where before I mostly fretted about losing and begging the gods to win.
Darlene Elenor
John traded with me in a chat room scalping stocks intraday. His calls are spot on and he has a knack for finding the stocks that are moving right now. His bus motto, “if it ain’t movn why get on?” can help any novice trader learn to win the day trading game every day, in all market conditions.
Rahul Singhal
Not only is John a great day trader and coach for my winning – he is also a very compassionate and caring coach who cares about my needs helping me resolve my trading problems, now – either privately in the trading room, by phone, as available, and other near-instant means. That’s very valuable – nothing better than addressing issues as they occur, so it’s possible not to repeat.
Ever since I met John, he has been a money-making breath of fresh air for me, in a sea of day trading troubles.… Read more
Alvina Amabel
John’s coaching plugged me directly into what I needed to know and learn about the marketplace and my trading to shift from a do nothing day trader to a champion wealth builder.
Billy Jack
John’s support is candid, simple, yet captivating. I can’t wait to daytrade the next day with John, and celebrate the wins.
Laurensia Jovita
Don’t expect to get rich quick. Do expect to learn fast, stay in tune with the markets and stock day trading opportunities, and be on the big money side of most of his stock trading calls he makes in the day trading room.
Ben Madison
Please Like my Page, thanks
Back to Top