https://www.magazine.co.uk/cookie-policy
Register to get the latest offers
Sign up to receive the latest offers
Thank YouYour details have been submitted for our newsletter
Categories
Christmas Gifts
Sale Offers
Instant Access Offers
Best Selling Magazines
Magazines for Women
Magazines for Men
Magazines for Kids
Digital Only Subscriptions
Gift Subscription Ideas
Magazines with Free Gifts
Single Issues
Gift Cards
Gift Finder
Subscription Boxes
Christmas FAQs
Hobbies & LeisureSportsFashion & BeautyMotoring & TransportEntertainmentLifestyleHome & GardeningFood & DrinkNews & Current AffairsComputers & TechnologyScience & NatureArts & CultureKidsBusiness & FinanceIndustry & TradeEducation
×
No items in cart to display
Total
£0.00
Continue shopping
CheckOut Now
Why not try one of our other top sellers...
CLASSIC AND SPORTS CAR
3 issues for £3.00Save 82%
Add to Basket
DELICIOUS.
3 issues for £6.00Save 60%
Add to Basket
HELLO
12 issues for £12.00Save 57%
Add to Basket
GOOD HOMES
3 issues for £3.00Save 76%
Add to Basket
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Register
Log In
Magazine Subscriptions
/
Cookie Policy
Christmas Gifts
Sale Offers
Instant Access Offers
Best Selling Magazines
Magazines for Women
Magazines for Men
Magazines for Kids
Digital Only Subscriptions
Gift Subscription Ideas
Magazines with Free Gifts
Single Issues
Gift Cards
Gift Finder
Subscription Boxes
Christmas FAQs
Hobbies & LeisureSportsFashion & BeautyMotoring & TransportEntertainmentLifestyleHome & GardeningFood & DrinkNews & Current AffairsComputers & TechnologyScience & NatureArts & CultureKidsBusiness & FinanceIndustry & TradeEducation
You get...
Safe & secure ordering
Huge savings
FREE delivery
Create your own ecard
Cookie Policy
At Jellyfish Connect, we believe in being clear and open about how we collect and use data related to you. In the spirit of transparency, this policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies. This cookie policy applies to any Jellyfish Connect product or service that links to this policy or incorporates it by reference.
Does Jellyfish Connect sites use cookies?Yes. As described in our Privacy Policy, we use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses this website has the best possible experience. Cookies also help us keep your account safe. By continuing to visit or use our services, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this policy.
What is a cookie?A cookie is a small file placed onto your device that enables Jellyfish Connect to supply features and functionality for this website. For example, cookies enable us to identify your device, secure your access to Jellyfish Connect sites generally, and even help us know if someone attempts to access your account from a different device. Cookies also enable you to easily share content on Jellyfish Connect sites and help us serve relevant ads to you on-site and around the web.
When does Jellyfish Connect place cookies?We use cookies on our sites (such as magazine.co.uk, Pocketmags.com, uopen.com and subscription sites run by Jellyfish Connect) and mobile applications. Any browser visiting these sites will receive cookies from us.
What types of cookies does Jellyfish Connect use?We use two types: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user, so it’s easier to return to our sites or interact with our services without signing in again. After you sign in, a persistent cookie stays in your browser and will be read by our sites when you return to one of our sites or a partner site that uses our services. Session cookies only last for as long as the session (usually the current visit to a website or a browser session).
What are cookies used for?Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit our sites, remember your preferences, and give you a personalized experience that’s in line with your browser or app settings. Cookies also make your interactions with Jellyfish Connect sites faster and more secure. Additionally, cookies allow us to bring you advertising both on and off the Jellyfish Connect sites.
Categories of Use:
Authentication  - If you’re signed in to any Jellyfish Connect site, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.
Security - We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our User Agreement.
Preferences, features and services - Cookies can tell us which language you prefer and what your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on our sites more easily.
Advertising - We may use cookies to show you relevant advertising both on and off our sites. We may also use a cookie to learn whether someone who saw an ad later visited and took an action (e.g. downloaded a magazine or made a purchase) on our sites. Similarly, our partners may use a cookie to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interact with ads.
Performance, Analytics and Research - Cookies help us learn how well our sites perform in different locations. We also use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including when you access our products from other websites, applications, or devices such as your work computer or your mobile device.
What is Do Not Track (DNT)?DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies, and regulators to develop a DNT technology standard. While some progress has been made, it has been slow. No standard has been adopted to this date. As such, Jellyfish Connect sites do not generally respond to “do not track” signals.
How are cookies used for advertising purposes?Cookies and other ad technology such as beacons, pixels, and tags help us serve relevant ads to you more effectively. They also help us provide aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for advertisers, understand and improve our service, and know when content has been shown to you. Note: Because your web browser may request advertisements and beacons directly from third party ad network servers, these networks can view, edit, or set third party cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Ads served by Jellyfish Connect sites may also set third party cookies.
If you are logged in on pocketmags.com, uopen.com, or another Service that references this Cookie Policy and one of our cookies on your device identifies you, your usage (such as your browsing behaviour) and log data (such as your IP address), will be associated by us with your account as noted in our Privacy Policy. We also use aggregate data from third parties and data from your profile and Jellyfish Connect sites activity.
If you are a member to one of our sites but logged out of your account on a browser, Jellyfish Connect may still continue to log your interaction with our services on that browser for up to 30 days in order to generate usage analytics for our services, which analytics we may share in aggregate form with our advertising customers.
Unless you clear these cookies from your browser, we may use this information to:
provide more relevant, interest-based advertising
provide aggregate reports of ads activity to advertisers and websites hosting the ads
help website and product owners understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps
detect and defend against fraud and other risks to protect users and partners
improve our products
For further information regarding our use of cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes, please see our Privacy Policy.
Banner advertising on other websitesYou may occasionally see adverts related to our products on other websites. These may relate to products you have viewed on our site and other related products / categories. This technology uses cookies, is anonymous and does not contain any personal details. Data about your browsing activity is collected and analysed anonymously. If this analysis suggests a particular interest a cookie is placed on your computer. This cookie (rather than your browsing data) then influences the advertising you receive around the web from various websites.
Further details about 'behavioural advertising' can be found here: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/about-behavioural-advertising. Though this is designed to ensure personally relevant adverts are displayed around the web, should you wish to opt out of this type of advertising permanently this can be done here: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices.
What third-party cookies does Jellyfish Connect use?Our cookie table lists some of the third-party cookies on our sites. Please note that the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time.
Controlling cookiesMost browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized settings like login information.
What to do if you don’t want cookies to be set or want them to be removed?If you do not want to receive cookies, you can change your browser settings on your computer or other device you’re using to access our services. If you use any Jellyfish Connect site without changing your browser settings, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies on the website. Most browsers also provide functionality that lets you review and erase cookies, including Jellyfish Connect cookies. Please note that the Jellyfish Connect sites will not work properly without cookies.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org, or www.aboutcookies.org.
Other helpful resourcesTo learn more about advertisers’ use of cookies the following links may be helpful:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
Internet Advertising Bureau (US)
Internet Advertising Bureau (EU)
Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
BUY
HOW TO USE
Best Sellers
The Week
6 issues for £0.00
View |
Add to Basket
The Critic
3 issues for £3.00
View |
Add to Basket
The Peoples Friend
25 issues for £45.00
View |
Add to Basket
delicious.
3 issues for £6.00
View |
Add to Basket
National Geographic Traveller
3 issues for £3.00
View |
Add to Basket
View all Best Sellers
Sign up to receive the latest offers
Thank YouYour details have been submitted for our newsletter
Useful links
News & Blog
Best selling magazines
Magazines for women
Magazines for men
Sale offers
Gift ideas
Subscription boxes
Digital magazines
What is a magazine subscription
Help
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Delivery
Gift orders
Bulk orders & Corporate sales
Contact us
Sitemap
Our Other Sites
Jellyfish
Pocketmags
uOpen
Corporate
About us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Press enquiries
Jellyfish
Sell with us
Publisher FAQs
Apply to sell
Affiliates
© 2020 magazine.co.uk