http://www.etanks.com/home/privacy/
Home
Apply For Credit
Resources
Rep Locator
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
Products/Services
News & Info
History
FAQ
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Products
Custom
Help
Call Today! (877) 734-3759
CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY
Peabody Engineering's Customer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Peabody Engineering anytime you interact with Peabody Engineering, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase Peabody Engineering products and services, or when you call our sales or support staff. Please read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Peabody Engineering, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
What information we collect and how we may use it
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us give you better products. For example: We may ask for your personal information when you're discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate, downloading a file, registering for an event or service, participating in an online survey or purchasing a product.
When you interact with Peabody Engineering, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the Peabody Engineering products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
We also collect information for market research purposes — such as your occupation and where you use our products — to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide more valuable service.
We collect information regarding customer activities on our websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites, products, and Internet services are of most interest to them.
We may use personal information to provide products that you have requested as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve Peabody Engineering's products.
Your Peabody Engineering ID and related information
The Peabody Engineering website, as well as Peabody Engineering services, allows you to create a "Peabody Engineering ID" based on your personal information. This convenient service saves you time and allows for easier use of our web services. Here's how it works: You create a personal profile — providing your name, phone number, email address, and in some cases your mailing address or a credit card number — and choose a password and password hint (such as the month and day of your birth) for security. The system saves your information and assigns you a personal Peabody Engineering ID — in many cases simply your email address, because it's unique and easy to remember. The next time you order from the Peabody Engineering website or register a new product, all you need to do is enter your Peabody Engineering ID and password; the system looks up the information it needs to assist you. In addition, if you update the information associated with your Peabody Engineering ID it will be available for all your transactions with Peabody Engineering.
Publicly displayed information is public
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on a Peabody Engineering website you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Peabody Engineering is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. For example, if you choose to make information, which was previously non-public, available by enabling certain user features, Peabody Engineering will collect that information from your interaction and the information will become publicly available.
When we disclose your information
Peabody Engineering takes your privacy very seriously. Peabody Engineering does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.
Within the Peabody Engineering Group
To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with legal entities within the Peabody Engineering group globally who will take steps to safeguard it in accordance with Peabody Engineering's privacy policy.
With our service providers, vendors, and strategic partners
There are also times when it may be advantageous for Peabody Engineering to make certain personal information about you available to companies that Peabody Engineering has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Peabody Engineering to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, extend credit, fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with Peabody Engineering's policies, except if we inform you otherwise at the time of collection. Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, provide us feedback to improve our products and services, or access certain services, offers, and content on the Peabody Engineering website.
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
How we protect your personal information
Peabody Engineering takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
The Peabody Engineering uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. To make purchases from the Peabody Engineering's online store, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Mozilla, Netscape Navigator 3.0 or later, or Internet Explorer. Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it's transmitted over the Internet.
You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure web browser like Mozilla.
Integrity of your personal information
Peabody Engineering has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date for the purposes for which it is used. Naturally, you always have the right to access and correct the personal information you have provided.
Cookies and other technologies
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, Peabody Engineering's website uses "cookies" and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Peabody Engineering will not use the information collected to market directly to that person.
In some of our email messages we use a "click-through URL" linked to content on the Peabody Engineering website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.
In addition we use pixel tags — tiny graphic images — to tell us what parts of our website customers have visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our site.
Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read. And they tell us whether emails have been opened to ensure that we're sending only messages that are of interest to our customers. We store all of this information in a secure database located in our dedicated server.
Our companywide commitment to your privacy
As we said, Peabody Engineering takes protecting your privacy very seriously. To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate these guidelines to Peabody Engineering employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
International users
Peabody Engineering abides by the safe harbor framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected from the European Union. The following link provides more information about the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program.
Peabody Engineering's website has links to the sites of other companies. Peabody Engineering is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns about Peabody Engineering's Customer Privacy Policy or data processing, please use the email address below to contact us.
Peabody Engineering may update its privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy.
Peabody Engineering & Supply Inc. 13435 Estelle Street, Corona, California, USA, 92879
Last updated November 27, 2007
© 2008 Peabody Engineering Inc. All rights reserved.
Plastic Tanks & Accessories
Potable Water Tanks
Tank Value Paks
Chemical Tanks
Gemini Round | Gemini Square
Below Ground Tanks
Custom Rotational Molding
Valves Ball | Check | Butterfly
Fiberglass Handrails & Ladders
Fiberglass Structural Shapes
Fiberglass Grating
Pumps
Level Monitoring & Agitation
Safety & Spill Containment
Plastic & Fiberglass Fabrication
RF Friendly Antenna Screening
Home
|
About Us
|
Products
|
Custom
|
Resources
|
Apply for Credit
|
Sitemap
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
© 2020 Peabody Engineering & Supply, Inc., 13435 Estelle Street, Corona CA 92879 (951) 734-7711
All rights reserved.