http://www.operis.com/privacy-policy/
Services & Products
Advisory
Tax & Accounting
Model Audit
Model Development
Software
Training
Experience
By Sector
By Geography
News
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Advisory
Tax & Accounting
Model Audit
Model Development
Software
Training
Experience
News
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Leading Advisors in Project Finance
Privacy Policy
Operis's Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy 1.2                                                                             May 2019
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
We take the protection of your personal data seriously and our systems are compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018.
This policy (together with our Conditions of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Use of this website by you constitutes acceptance by you of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). If you do not wish to accept this Privacy Policy, please leave this website immediately.
PURPOSE
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is:
To assure you that we recognise and fully respect the privacy and personal data of the visitors to this website; and
To explain what personal information we collect from this website and how we ensure its best protection.
This Privacy Policy governs this website at www.operis.com (referred to in this Privacy Policy as the “Website”). Other sites to which the Website may be linked are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
1. Collection, Use and Retention of Personal Information
When you register on our website to receive information about our products and services, or when you contact us for support and related services, the information you provide to us, such as your name and contact details – including, but not limited to, your company, job title, email address, and work phone number – is collected by Operis Group plc (the “data controller”). Current legislation describes this information as Personal Information, the control and processing of which is covered by the Data Protection Act 1998 and the forthcoming GDPR.
The Personal Information we collect is used to provide you with the products and services which we have contracted to provide to you or to your organisation, and for internal analytics to assist us in improving our products and services.
You are not required to provide Personal Information to us, but, without it, you may have difficulties in accessing our website or services.
When you consent to the terms of our Privacy Notice, you also agree that we may provide you from time to time with information about new and existing Operis products and services. You are free at any time to notify us if you decide that you no longer wish us to use your Personal Information for these purposes. Please contact us at data.controller@operis.com
We will only hold Personal Information for as long as there is a business purpose to do so, in line with Operis’s GDPR policy.
Should you believe that the Personal Information about you which we hold is not correct, please contact us at data.controller@operis.com
2. Security of Personal Information
All of Operis’s databases, including those holding Personal Information, are protected by technical devices, physical systems and GDPR compliant processes.
3. Third Parties
We do not routinely pass Personal Information to any third parties for any reason. However, we may disclose information we have collected about you to third parties where required to do so by law or in order to enforce or apply our conditions of use.
4. Your Consent
By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information in the manner set out above.
5. Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
6. Notification of Changes
We keep our privacy notice under regular review subject to the forthcoming implementation of the GDPR. This privacy notice was last updated on 29 May 2019.
7. How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can contact our data controller at data.controller@operis.com  or write to:
The Data Controller
Operis Group plc
110 Cannon Street
London EC4N 6EU
United Kingdom
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more herex