http://www.avkfasteners.com/privacy_policy.php
AVK Industrial Products
World market leader of design, development and manufacturing of blind installed fasteners
Home
AVK Products
Tooling Information
Applications
AVK Sales Reps
Supplier Support
Contact AVK
Products
Commercial Products
A-L Series Insert
A-K Series Insert
A-H Series Hex Insert
A-R Series™ Threaded Insert
A-S Series Stud Insert
A-T Series Insert
A-W Series Insert
A-O Series Insert
R-N Series Rivetnut
E-L & E-H Metric Inserts
C-S Series Insert
C-L Compression Limiter
Aerospace Products
MS/NAS Bolts
Installation Tools
Installation Tools
Pneumatic Hand Held
One-Set™ Tool (OST™) Pneumatic System
Pneumatic-Hydraulic “Spin Pull to Pressure” Tools
Portable Battery Operated
Portable CVI™ Cloud Verification Installation Tool
Manual Hand Operated
Automated Tools
Authorized Tool Repair Stations
Applications
Sales Reps.
Supplier Support
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
AVK Industrial Products is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the AVK Industrial Products website and governs data collection and usage.
By using the AVK Industrial Products website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
AVK Industrial Products may collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
AVK Industrial Products also may collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by AVK Industrial Products.
This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
This information is used by AVK Industrial Products for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the AVK Industrial Products website.
Use of your Personal Information
AVK Industrial Products may collect and use your personal information to operate the AVK Industrial Products website and deliver the services you have requested.
AVK Industrial Products may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from AVK Industrial Products and its affiliates.
AVK Industrial Products may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
AVK Industrial Products does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. AVK Industrial Products may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, AVK Industrial Products may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to AVK Industrial Products, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
AVK Industrial Products does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
AVK Industrial Products keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within AVK Industrial Products, in order to determine what AVK Industrial Products services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within AVK Industrial Products to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
AVK Industrial Products websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AVK Industrial Products or the site;
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of AVK Industrial Products; and,
(c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AVK Industrial Products, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
AVK Industrial Products secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
AVK Industrial Products secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
AVK Industrial Products will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.
AVK Industrial Products encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how AVK Industrial Products is protecting your information.
Contact Information
AVK Industrial Products welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that AVK Industrial Products has not adhered to this Statement, please contact AVK Industrial Products at Jamie.Lawrence@pccairframe.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
AVK Portal Access:
Technical Sales Questions
Social Media:
Links:
Sister Companies:
© 2020 AVK Industrial Products - Precision Castparts Corp. • All Rights Reserved •
Privacy Policy
•