http://www.assortis.com/en/terms.asp
Make the difference. Be the best.
ENFRESRUAR
Login
Country hubs
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
The purpose of this Privacy Policy & Terms of Use is to define the Privacy Policy for the data that is collected and shared on the assortis website (as found at the URL https://www.assortis.com and to define the procedures regarding the access and use of any service (hereinafter "the Services") offered by assortis, whether free or on payment of a fee, offered to any Internet user (hereinafter "Customer").
By accessing the Services, the Customer expressly accepts that these policy and terms apply to its relationship with assortis.
Personal Data
a) Personal data that is collected
Personal data is collected when Experts and Customers subscribe to the Services online, and through direct contacts for Individuals working in organisations when asking them for their interest to be presented in their organisation profile. This is the personal data that is collected:
For Experts: name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, skype ID, Facebook ID, preferences for short or long term missions, availability, full curriculum vitae, contact history.
For Individuals working in organisations: name, function, telephone numbers and email address, contact history.
For Experts and for Individuals working in organisations, when financial transactions occur: financial details, VAT.
For every Customer: username, password, IP-address, browser type, internet service provider, device identifier, time zone settings, browser plug-in types and versions, visits of the assortis website and contact history.
b)	Purpose of use of the Personal data
The data about Experts is made available to the organisations that are assortis Customers, including to Customers based outside the European Economic Area (EEA), except for the financial details and contact history which are only used by assortis staff. Experts subscribe to assortis to have their curriculum vitae being found by assortis Customers so that they can be contracted on missions.
The data about Individuals working in organisations is made available to the organisations and Experts that are assortis Customers, under the Profile of their organisation, except for the financial details and contact history which are only used by assortis staff. Individuals provide their data so that organisations and Experts that are assortis Customers can contact them for cooperation opportunities.
Any financial data is only used for the purpose of honouring the subscriptions of the assortis Customers or respecting Belgian legal obligations.
The data about every Customer is only used by assortis staff to secure a proper functioning and improvements of the Services rendered as well as sending news about existing Services or new Services.
assortis does not provide any Personal data to third parties except if such disclosure is necessary in order to protect legitimate interests of assortis, its Customers, or if it is required or permitted by law.
If and when online payments are used, the payment will be processed by a third-party payment processor specialized in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
c)	Duration the Personal Data is kept
assortis does not keep Personal data for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed.
d)	Confidentiality of the Personal data
assortis handles all Personal data in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the legal obligations applicable to the processing of Personal data.
assortis has adopted adequate measures to protect all the Personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, un-authorised disclosure of, or access to, Personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
assortis optimizes the security of the Personal data by i.a. using encryption, firewalls, password protections and limiting the access to the Personal data. However, the transmission of information via the internet can never be completely secure and the provision of Personal data remains at ones own risk at all times.
If you have the impression that your Personal data is not adequately protected or if there are indications of abuse, please write at gdpr@assortis.com.
e)	User rights with regard to Personal data
Experts, Individuals working in organisations and Customers have the right to:
access their Personal data and to be informed about its use
correct their Personal data
have their Personal data deleted
restrict the use of their Personal data
ask for the portability of their Personal data.
To exercise any of the above-mentioned rights, an email to gdpr@assortis.com should be sent.
Cookies
assortis is constantly seeking to improve the experience of its Customers. That is why, for certain sections of the website, cookies are used. The website, as well as certain notifications such as marketing emails, may contain web beacons.
Accessing the services
The rights to access and use the Services are non-exclusive and non-transferable.
In order to protect the databases from piracy and hacking, assortis has set a limit of clicks to access the different Services on a daily basis. These limits are high enough for a normal daily use of the Services.
By issuing a password and a login, assortis authorises the Customer to connect to its Services.
The connection right is exclusively linked to the Customer and may not be used by any other party. Should the Customer be a corporate entity, only its agents and employees are entitled to connect, each with an individual login.
The Customer is entirely responsible for the use of the relevant personal identification codes.
Price & payment terms
The prices charged for the Services are the ones offered by the assortis Sales Managers.
The Customer hereby undertakes to pay for the Services by credit card or by bank transfer, no later than 15 days from invoice date. The sum charged shall be the one established for the selected Services. If payment becomes overdue, the Services will be temporarily suspended until payment is received.
Customers based in Belgium are liable to pay 21% Belgian VAT (Value Added Tax) on top of the subscription price. Customers based outside Belgium but within the European Union will be exempted from VAT provided they can present a valid VAT number. Customers within the European Union who do not dispose of a valid VAT number will be liable to pay 21% Belgian VAT on the quoted subscription price. Customers who are based outside the European Union will be exempted to pay 21% Belgian VAT.
All payments to be made shall be made in cleared funds, without any deduction or set-off and free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of any taxes, levies, imports, duties, charges, fees and withholdings of any nature now or hereafter imposed by any governmental, fiscal or other authority save as required by law. If a Customer is compelled to make any such deduction, it will pay to assortis such additional amounts as are necessary to ensure receipt by assortis of the full amount which assortis would have received but for the deduction.
Subscription duration - Renewal
The assortis subscription period is one year (unless agreed differently with the Sales Manager), effective as from the payment date, tacitly renewable for each subsequent year if no termination notice is given by the Customer at least 3 months before the subscription's anniversary.
Liability
The Customer hereby acknowledges that it is solely liable for the usage it makes of the Services. assortis may therefore not be held legally responsible, either from an express or tacit obligation, towards the Customer for any indirect or direct damages resulting from the use of the Services.
The registered Customer hereby undertakes to regularly update its information.
The Customer expressly acknowledges:
That it is solely responsible for the accuracy of the information sent to assortis.
That assortis is free to offer its Services to any other Customer that it so chooses.
That assortis is duly authorised to send to the Customer any information that assortis deems to be of interest.
Internet Use Rules
By accepting these Terms and Policy, the Customer states that it is aware of how Internet services operate and accepts the rules in force regarding using Internet.
assortis hereby undertakes to do its utmost to ensure that its Services are operational 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, within the limits set out herein. The Customer acknowledges that the stability of the Internet network cannot always be guaranteed.
The Customer hereby expressly exonerates assortis from any liability in the case of the Services not being operational following an overload or defective operating of the Internet network, deliverers, web hosting services and access providers of assortis.
assortis reserves the right to temporarily interrupt or restrict the use of the Services in the case of failure, overload, defective operating or maintenance, repair work or to improve the site. It is up to the Customer to take any necessary measure in order to protect its own data and/or software from being infected by any virus downloaded by means of the assortis web site and/or information.
Limitation of liability
The Customer hereby acknowledges that assortis does not guarantee and is not liable for the contents of curriculum vitae of Experts and profiles in the organisation database.
The Customer is solely liable for the use it makes of the information provided by assortis.
assortis is not liable for any transaction entered into between its Customers and/or between its Customers and a third party. Under no circumstances shall assortis be a party to such transactions.
assortis does not guarantee any minimum level of orders, income or results.
Cancellation
assortis is entitled to refuse or to suspend the access to the Services to any Customer for any reason damaging the reputation, reliability and professionalism of assortis. Under no circumstances shall any sum already paid to assortis be returned.
Contents of the assortis site
The Customer acknowledges that the lay-out as well as any item appearing on the assortis website, in particular, but not limited to, the texts, data, projects, databases, graphics, images, designs, logos (hereinafter the "Contents"), are protected by copyright. Any reproduction, adaptation, translation, or public communication of the Contents, or any part thereof, is subject to the prior and written approval of assortis.
The Customer is authorised to use the Contents solely within the framework of the Services provided by assortis. The Customer is forbidden from entering into competition with the activities of assortis. The Customer is not authorised, whether for commercial or purely complimentary means, to copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute or translate all or part of the Contents without the prior and written permission of assortis. The Customer is forbidden to use the Personal data available on the website for marketing purposes.
assortis may insert hypertext link in its pages. However, assortis is not responsible for the contents that appear on the sites of these third parties.
General Points
These Terms may be amended. assortis notifies the Customers of any modification by posting a message on the website home page.
assortis is entitled to amend the characteristics of the Services offered.
Contact
assortis is a trademark of IBF International Consulting SA, having its registered offices in Belgium, B-1050 Brussels, Avenue Louise 209A, and registered with the Belgian Crossroad Bank for Enterprises under the number 0417.827.795.
Any correspondence should be addressed by post to assortis, Avenue Louise 209A, B-1050 Brussels, Belgium, or by email to info@assortis.com.
Applicable law
The Privacy Policy & Terms of Use of the assortis website, together with the different relations between assortis and its Customers are governed by the Belgian law, independently of any other jurisdiction. The failure of assortis to exercise the rights granted herein does not mean that it waives its rights to enforce these rights. Should any dispute arise from this contractual relationship, the parties hereby undertake to seek a friendly settlement before going to court. Should the parties not reach a friendly settlement, they hereby accept to submit their action to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Brussels.
Photo by Paul Baker (full screen)
assortis
Avenue Louise 209A
1050 Brussels, Belgium
Tel: +32 2 237 09 38
+32 2 237 09 40 (support current members)
info@assortis.com
About assortis
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Contact us