https://www.e-complish.com/about-e-complish/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
E-Complish > About E-Complish > Privacy Policy
E-Complish, Inc. has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: E-Complish.com. This privacy statement explains all the online information practices of E-Complish and the E-Complish website (www.e-complish.com). Other corporate affiliates of E-Complish maintain their own long-standing privacy and security policies.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. The E-Complish Web site also logs IP addresses for systems administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives e-Complish an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
This site contains links to other sites. E-Complish is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses a contact form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary to address problems with an order, answer inquiries, or inform you of policy changes. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. See the choice/opt-out section below.
We are committed to data security. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our site does not use cookies. We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site.
Choice/Opt-out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
Phone: 888.847.7744
Cookie Policy
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ us of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for E-Complish.
E-Complish will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
About UsAbout e-complish
Executive Team
History Timeline
Company Newsroom
Uptime and Capacity
IVR Facility
Web Application Facility
Server Architecture
Systems Status
Certification
FAQs – Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Blog
Digital Payments Yield Big Benefits for Healthcare Providers
There’s no disputing it: Increasingly, merchants have been adopting an ever-wider menu of electronic billing and payment…
December 10, 2020
Should You Monitor Employee Productivity—and How?
If you’ve increased your efforts to monitor employee productivity, you’re far from alone. According to the Harvard…
December 7, 2020
Why Merchants Should Offer Instant Funding to Consumers
The concept of push payments—wherein real-time (or nearly real-time) payments are “pushed” directly from one consumer’s bank…
December 1, 2020
Twitter
Tweets by @ecomplish
News
E-Complish Recertified For PCI, HIPAA Compliance, ...
NEW YORK, December 10, 2020 – E-Complish, a provider of custom payment processing solutions, has once again been certified as co...
2020-12-10 14:30:31
E-Complish Introduces Instant Debit Card Funding S...
Push2Card allows immediate funds transmission to any U.S. debit card account
NEW YORK, August 4, 2020 (Newswire.com) - E-C...
2020-08-04 13:39:15
E-Complish Achieves PCI, HIPAA Compliance Recertif...
Payment processing company meets stringent data security standards
NEW YORK, December 9, 2019 (Newswire.com) - E-Complish, a...
2019-12-09 13:10:30
888-850-5318
Newsletter
Join our newsletter to get exclusive offers straight to your email.
Thanks for signing up!
Email Address
Sign Up
Address
228 Park Ave S.
Ste. 89324
New York, NY 10003
© Copyright 2020 E-Complish. All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Systems Status