http://www.gulfcraftinc.com/privacy-policy
Navigate
Explore
The Company
History
Yachts
Majesty Yachts
Nomad Yachts
Oryx Sport Cruisers
Silvercraft
Service & Support
International Warranty Network
Shipyard Services
Owner Care Program
Gulf Craft World
Events
Media Lounge
Dealers Lounge
Navigate
Contact Us
Global Dealerships
Dealers Recruitment
Contact Details
QUALITY POLICY
Gulf Craft is fully dedicated to understanding and meeting the expectations of our clientele through continual improvement. We have developed a strong quality system which conforms to the requirements of ISO 9001 as well as other requirements related to the marine industry.
Gulf Craft strives to exceed our customers' expectations with our innovative products, our modern manufacturing systems and streamlined service functions. We value our customers and endeavor to provide them with consistent quality in every aspect of their experience with us.
Our aim is to regularly reduce waste and minimize defects by looking for opportunities to apply continual improvement methodology. Continual improvement and training are vital to ensure that our customers receive products and services that satisfy their expectations.
Gulf Craft believes in engaging every employee to enhance our corporate quality culture.
PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION COLLECTED
When subscribing to our newsletter through www.gulfcraftinc.com, we need to collect certain details in relation to your subscription, including (but not limited to) the following: your name, nationality and contact information (email, phone, fax). We also collect your name and email information from submission of your queries via our Inquiry forms.
USE AND CARE FOR INFORMATION
www.gulfcraftinc.com values your privacy. Disclosure of information is limited only to parties connected to fulfilling the service you have ordered. www.gulfcraftinc.com does not sell, rent, or otherwise trade any personal information from our clients to any party for marketing purposes. www.gulfcraftinc.com also reserves the right to disclose personal information only if required to do so by law, or by court order, or by law enforcement or governmental authorities, or in good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or properties of www.gulfcraftinc.com, our guests / users, or the public.
DATA SECURITY
We, at www.gulfcraftinc.com give the utmost importance to keeping your data secure at all times.
COOKIES
www.gulfcraftinc.com may use technologies such as ”cookies” in order to record session information, collect visit and access details to our web pages that enable us to continue to improve our services and provide better and useful features to our site users/guests. Cookies are pieces of information that are normally used by many websites for record-keeping purposes that can help sites remember, for example, your preferences. A cookie, in and of itself does not personally identify any user/guest.
CHANGES TO POLICY
Kindly note that this privacy policy may be updated every now and again.
Nomad Yachts Special
Get the latest E-brochures & more
Talk to Us
We'd love to hear from you
Become a Dealer
Get in touch to know more