https://www.medicalmutual.com/nursing-home-policy
Nursing Home Insurance Comprehensive protection that's just right
KevinSenior Underwriter
Covering the gap at the intersection of healthcare and everyday living.
Nursing
homes provide services well beyond healthcare. Consequently, gray areas can
exist between professional liability and general liability. Medical Mutual's
integrated general liability coverage helps close any potential gaps created by
those gray areas, thereby avoiding the inevitable finger-pointing that could
otherwise result from having separate carriers for the two areas of risk.
Medical Mutual writes the general
liability portion of your coverage on an occurrence basis. As such, Medical
Mutual is responsible for covering those general liability claims made against
your institution for incidents that occur while the policy is in force,
regardless of when the claim is filed.
Medical Mutual's general liability
insurance for nursing homes covers:
Bodily injury
Property damage
Personal injury
Medical payments for premises claims up to $5,000
Fire legal liability
Patient's personal property $1,000 limit/$100 deductible
Add that to Medical Mutual's market-leading medical professional liability insurance options and you have access to all the coverage and limit choices you need to provide comprehensive protection that's just right for your facility and organization.
Claims-Made Coverage
As with hospitals and physician
practices, Medical Mutual writes its professional medical liability insurance
coverage for nursing homes on a claims-made basis, which means your nursing
home will have protection for claims which arise out of covered professional
services you provide following your initial effective date (or retroactive
date) of coverage. So, any claims filed against the institution today are
covered by current policy limits, even though your limits may have been lower
at the time of the incident in question.
The typical Medical Mutual
claims-made professional liability policy for nursing homes includes coverage
for:
Provision for failure to provide health care services
Furnishing of food, beverages, medications or appliances
Post-mortem care
Lawful activities of a formal accreditation, credentialing and quality Assurance committee
Reasonable costs associated with defense of a claim up to $250 per day
Coverage for medical directors
Excess Insurance
Should you desire coverage over and above the limits of Medical Mutual’s standard professional liability insurance policy, we offer an extra layer of coverage in the form of umbrella excess insurance. So you get the higher limit(s) you desire to protect against catastrophic cases and judgments.
Cyber Coverage
Medical Mutual's medical professional liability policies for Nursing Homes
includes $100,000 of base coverage* to offset the costs associated with responding to patient data breaches per the mandates of the Federal HIPAA and HITECH Acts. These include costs related to:
Multimedia Liability
Security & Privacy
Privacy Regulatory Defense & Penalties
Privacy Breach Response
Network Asset Protection
Cyber Extortion
Cyber Terrorism
The coverage also includes access to a team of nationally-recognized specialists in IT forensic analysis, network security and, if necessary, data restoration, to assess and manage the technical aspects of the response. In addition, the coverage includes experts in HIPPA/HITECH-related patient notification, public relations, credit monitoring and other response services to help you meet your Federally-mandated obligations.
Higher limits are available. Ask your agent or Medical Mutual Underwriter for details.
* Excludes Volunteer, Umbrella Excess and Managed Healthcare Liability Policies.
Non-Assessable Policy
You cannot be assessed back-charges if prior years’ rates are proven to have been inadequate.
Insurance
Insurance Overview
Hospitals & Health Systems
Physician and Group Practices
Allied Healthcare Services
Nursing Homes
Applications
Payment Options
Coverage Verifications
Insurance Agents
Why Medical Mutual
About Us
Claims
Insurance
Risk Management
HOW CAN WE HELP?
207.775.2791
Toll free
1.800.942.2791
Terms
Privacy Policy
Contact:
Phone: 207.775.2791
Toll Free: 1.800.942.2791
Email: info@medicalmutual.com