https://www.williamevans.com/security-privacy
HOME
Gun Room
World of William Evans
Pip Howeson - Bespoke Tailoring in London
History & Heritage
History of our Guns
Our Services
Shooting Clothing
Men's Shooting Clothing
Ladies Shooting Clothing
Grouse and Pheasant Game Shooting Collection
Clay Shooting Clothing & Accessories
Country Clothing
Men's Country Clothing
Ladies Country Clothing
Shooting Accessories
Gun Cleaning Parts and Kits
Ear Defenders
Gun Slips & Gun Cases
Cartridge Bags
Shooting Gloves, Hats and Socks
Gaiters
Recoil Pads
Hand Guards
Shooting Glasses
Rifle Slings
Snap Caps
Chokes and Choke Gauges
Licence Wallets
Optics and Mounts
Pellets, BBs & Targets
Boot Bags and Welly Care
Knives
Gun Dog Accessories and Decoys
Umbrellas
Shooting Books
Toe Rests
Comb Raisers
William Evans Sporting
Bipods
Cartridge Belts
Torches
Priests
Heat Pads and Hand Warmers
Gifts
Christmas Gift Ideas
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Her
Gifts Under £30
Hip Flasks and Bar Sets
Scarves, Ties & Hankies
William Evans Store Gift Vouchers
Best of British Made at William Evans
Tweed
Homeware
Crockery & Dishware
Kitchenalia
Decorative Accessories
Tableware & Glassware
Photograph Frames
Brands
Sale
HOME
Gun Room
World of William Evans
Our Services
Shooting Clothing
Country Clothing
Shooting Accessories
Gifts
Best of British Made at William Evans
Tweed
Homeware
Brands
Sale
Home Cookies & Privacy
Cookies & Privacy
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your PC, phone or other web enabled device when you visit the William Evans website. They are not harmful and do not contain any confidential information such as your date of birth, home address or credit card details.
Cookies allow a website to personalise your shopping experience and let the website know when the user has returned, for example, storing your recently browsed items.
By using the William Evans website at www.williamevans.com, you consent to the use of these cookies for the explicit purpose of improving your shopping experience. Cookies are used on our site for the following reasons:
To allow you to securely sign in to your account, so that you can use "My Account" features such as order information, gun storage payments and viewing order tracking details.
To store the contents of your Shopping Bag whilst you browse our website.To show you your recently viewed items.To generate statistical data on how our visitors use our website.
To record which areas of the website are visited by our customers, to ensure that we create a user-friendly experience and so that we can endeavor to offer all of the products our customers are looking for.To store your cookie consent state for the current domain. If you visit out website again, your cookie preferences will still be in place.
To store the contents of your Shopping Bag even after you have left the William Evans website, in case your connection fails or you have to cease browsing unexpectedly but wish to continue shopping later on.If you are registered with us, we may use your Shopping Bag details to send you an email asking if you wish to continue your transaction.To help prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.To send data to our analytics platform about your device and behavior. This helps us understand areas we could improve on our website, to make your next visit even better.
Are cookies safe?
Yes, absolutely. All information stored in cookies is safe and anonymous. Cookies do not contain any information that could personally identify you.
How to manage your cookie preferences
You have the option to accept or decline the use of cookies by William Evans or any other website at any time. This can be done by changing your browser settings.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies but you can set alerts for each time an operator tries to send you cookies, or disable them entirely.
Details on how to manage these settings in leading browsers can be found below:
ChromeSafariInternet Explorer 7 and 8Internet Explorer 9FirefoxYou are still be able to use our site without cookies enabled, but you may lose a certain level of functionality.
Safety & Security of your Information
Our site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to ensure your information is protected to the highest level. This encrypts the information you input, ensuring that it is virtually impossible for unauthorised parties to access information that you provide to us as part of the ordering process.
Privacy PolicyBy browsing the William Evans Ltd. website, you consent to our use of cookies (unless you have chosen to disable them via your browser, which has been explained above).Our Privacy Policy explains how William Evans Ltd. collect, store and use your personal data when you browse and shop at WilliamEvans.com. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the website, you confirm that you have read and agree to this Privacy Policy.We fully respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. We only collect, store and process your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive).What information we collect and how we use itWe use your information in a number of different ways, with ensuring your experience with William Evans goes seamlessly being our main objective. Below we have highlighted what we do with your information, and why we do it.Your Name and Contact DetailsThis refers to your name, postal address, telephone number and email address.
How we use your name and contact details Why?
To
deliver you order We
must obtain this information if you make a purchase with us. Even if you collect
in store, we must have a billing address associated with your bank card for
your own security.
To
send updates on the shipment and delivery of your order We
will notify you by email once your order is shipped. Our couriers may contact
you by phone or email about your parcel; this is sometimes necessary to give
the best possible service.
Fraud
prevention and detection This
is to protect both you and William Evans Ltd.
Notifications
regarding exchanges or refunds So
that you can be sure your return is received, we may notify you via email. If
a product is refunded, an email will be sent to you confirming this.
Email
marketing We
may email you to keep you up to date with the latest products and services.
This can only be done with your permission – either signing up to our newsletter
in store or via the website.
Your Payment InformationPlease note that we do not store the security/CVV code you enter at checkout.
How we use your payment details Why?
To take
payment, and process refunds We
cannot take payment by any other method via the website, so we need this
information to complete your order for you.
Fraud
prevention and detection This
is to protect both you and William Evans Ltd.
Your Gender Information
How we use your gender information Why?
To
target you with the right products in our email marketing
We do
not always collect gender data when you subscribe to our newsletter, and
entering this is optional. However, we can then use this data to ensure you
mostly receive details about products that may be better suited to you.
Your Purchase History and Saved ItemsThis refers to what you have bought from us in the past, and any items you may have left in your basket.
How we use your purchase history Why?
Provide
customer service, and obtain proof of purchase in the case of a return
This
is essential to ensure that we can help you in the event of an issue with an
order, a return, or if you would like to repeat your order.
Ensure
that we are selling products our customers are looking for Using
our previous sales data is incredibly helpful to us when planning our product
range, so that we can sell what our customers are looking for.
Remind
you of items left in your basket We don’t
want you missing out, so if you’re logged in and leave your basket in a
hurry, we may send you an email just to see if you would still like those
items.
Contact History with William Evans Ltd.Any communication you have had with us in the past, whether it is via email, social media, or over the phone.
How we use your contact history Why?
Provide
customer service and support
We
have a superb customer service team here at William Evans, but unfortunately
they can’t always remember every one of our customers, so we will keep a
record of any contact we have with you to make it easy to pick up again in
the future if necessary.
Keeping your informationWe will hold on to your information as long as you have an account with us, or as long as is needed to provide you with the best possible service.If you close your account with us, we may still hold on to your information for any one of the following reasons: to meet legal or regulatory requirements, prevent fraud, resolve any queries or disputes, or enforce our terms and conditions.Sharing your informationWe will not sell any of your personal data to any third party. This especially means your name, address, telephone number, email address or credit/debit card information.However, we may on occasion share your data with professional service providers such as website hosts and payment service providers who help us run our business.Upon request, we may share information with credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies and law enforcement, so that we can help tackle fraud.Any information and analytics about our customers that could be shared with third parties will always be anonymised and they will not be able to identify you.Marketing MessagesIf you sign up to our newsletter via checkout or our Newsletter Subscription page, you agree to us sending you marketing messages via email. We will not contact you by post or phone.You can unsubscribe from our newsletters at any time, by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email you receive from William Evans. If you cannot find an email from us, you may also unsubscribe by contacting our customer service team at info@williamevans.com.Once you have unsubscribed, you will no longer receive marketing messages from us.How to Contact UsIf you have any queries or concerns about our Privacy Policy, then we will be happy to discuss this with you.You can contact our customer service team via the following channels:Phone: +44 (0)1483 910000Email: info@williamevans.comPost: William Evans Ltd.Wimbledon HouseBisley CampQueens RoadBrookwoodSurreyGU24 0NYOur office hours are Mon – Fri: 9am – 5pmYour RightsPlease see below the rights you have regarding your personal information:
The right to be informed as to how we use your personal information, as detailed above in this Privacy Policy.The right to access any information we hold about you.The right to amend any incorrect information within your account, or request that we do this on your behalf.The right to no longer receive marketing messages, which we have detailed how to do so above.The right to request that we delete your data, but please be aware this could impact your service from us in the future.The right to complain to your data protection regulator if you believe your information is being used unlawfully.If you want to exercise your rights for any reason, please contact us.
×
Where would you like to go, Facebook London or Bisley?
London »
William Evans Shotgun and Rifle Makers established in 1883 and located in the heart of London. We produce exquisite Best Guns as well as stocking a large range of second hand guns. Coupled with this, we sell an extensive range of essential shooting accessories, clothing and gifts.
Bisley »
William Evans Bisley Shotgun and Rifle Makers. Located on Bisley Shooting Ground, William Evans Sporting Bisley stocks a range of professional sporting equipment and clothing for a wide range of disciplines.
×
You have items in your basket!
0 items have been added to your basket from a previous visit.
The following have been amended due to stock changes:
What would you like to do?
Continue
Clear Basket