http://www.cfaw.com/legal.html
CFA | Corporate Finance Associates
in
twitter
facebook
rss
google
Investment Bankers to the Middle Market Since 1956
.
Services
Overview
Selling a Business
Buying a Business
Capital Markets
Business Exit Strategy
Business Valuation
ESOP Transactions
Our Team
Asia Pacific
Europe
North America
Corporate Office
International Reach
The Firm
Overview
What We Do
Our Thinking
The CFA Advantage
Leadership
History
Join Our Organization
Contact Us
Industries
Transactions
Overview
Selected Transactions
Case Studies
Resources
Overview
Publications
Press Releases
Video Interviews
M&A Articles
CFA Brochures
Case Studies
Fact Sheet
Blog
Contact
Previous Page
Legal Notice
CFA refers to one or more of the member firms of CFAW (Corporate Finance Associates Worldwide, Inc.) a Delaware, USA private company. CFAW is the principal governance entity of the global CFA organization and does not provide any services to clients. Services are provided by CFAW member firms. Each of CFAW and its member firms is a separate legal entity and has no liability for another such entity뭩 acts or omissions. Certain content on this site may have been prepared by one or more CFAW member firms. Parties entering into contracts for the provision of such services must independently ascertain the specific identity of the service provider(s) obligated under such contracts.
Read Carefully:
The Corporate Finance Associates Worldwide, Inc. ("CFA") makes information available on this web site, subject to the following terms and conditions. By accessing this site, you agree to these terms and conditions. CFA reserves the right to change these terms and conditions, and the products, services, prices, and programs mentioned in this site at any time, at its sole discretion, without notice. CFA reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for any violation of these terms and conditions. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
| Copyright | Use of Information |
| Linking to CFA's Web Site | Third-party Web Sites |
| Third-party Products and Services |
The information on this web site is protected by copyright. Except as specifically permitted, no portion of this web site may be distributed or reproduced by any means, or in any form, without CFA's prior written permission.
Copyright Notice:
 2016 Corporate Finance Associates Worldwide, Inc., 24461 Ridge Route, Suite A200젨 Laguna Hills, CA USA 92653. All rights reserved.
Use of Web Site Information:
Except as otherwise indicated on this site, you may view, print, copy, and distribute documents on this site subject to the following terms and conditions:
The document may be used solely for informational, personal, non-commercial purposes;
Any copy of the document or portion thereof must include all copyright and proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original;
The document may not be modified in any way; and
CFA reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice from CFA.
Documents specified above do not include the layout or design of this web site. Elements of this site are protected by trade dress or other laws and may not be imitated or reproduced in whole or in part.
Documents specified above do not include logos, graphics, sounds or images on this web site, which may be reproduced or distributed only when expressly permitted byCFA.
Linking to the CFA Web Site:
CFA permits anyone to link to CFA's web site subject to the linker's compliance with the following terms and conditions. A site that links to CFA's web site:
May link to, but not replicate, content contained in CFA's site;
Must not create a border environment or browser around content contained in CFA's site;
Must not misrepresent CFA's relationship with the linker;
Must not imply that CFA is endorsing or sponsoring the linker or the linker's services or products;
Must not use CFA's logos or trade dress without prior written permission from CFA;
Must not contain content that could be construed as obscene, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, or inappropriate for all ages;
Must not contain materials that would violate any laws;
Must agree that the link may be removed at any time upon CFA's request pursuant to CFA's reserved rights to rescind its consent to allow the link;
Must not present misleading or false information about CFA's services or products.
Third-party Web Sites:
CFA's site provides links to third-party web sites, which are not under the control of CFA. CFA makes no representations about third-party web sites. When you access a non-CFA web site, you do so at your own risk. CFA is not responsible for the reliability of any data, opinions, advice, or statements made on third-party sites. CFA provides these links merely as a convenience. The inclusion of such links does not imply that CFA endorses, recommends, or accepts any responsibility for the content of such sites.
Third-party Products and Services:
The CFA web site contains mention of third-party products and services for informational purposes. CFA makes no recommendations or endorsements about third-party products and services. References to third-party services and products are provided by CFA "as is", without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
close
Which CFA publication would you like to receive?
Middle Market Pulse | Monthly
Capital Ideas | Quarterly
Securities offered through Corporate Finance Securities, Inc. Member FINRA/SIPC
We protect your privacy.
Stay up to date with news from CFA. Publications include the Middle Market Pulse published monthly and Capital Ideas published quarterly. We protect your privacy
First Name is required and must be a string.
Last Name is required and must be a string.
Valid email required.
Zip code is required.
Which CFA publication would you like to receive?
Middle Market Pulse | Monthly
Capital Ideas | Quarterly
Securities offered through Corporate Finance Securities, Inc. Member FINRA/SIPC
Corporate Office

23461 South Pointe Drive, Suite 180

Laguna Hills

California 92653

USA

+1.949.305.6710
 2020 Corporate Finance Associates Worldwide Inc. All rights reserved.
 privacy
 legal
 sitemap