http://www.firetherm.com/website-terms-of-use/
Website Terms of Use
Terms of Use
tremco illbruck Group GmbH (the “COMPANY”) maintains this website with the URL www.firetherm.com as well as related web pages, content and other material (collectively the “page”) to provide you information about the COMPANY, its business operations and its operations To provide products. Your access to and use of the Site is subject to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and any applicable laws published in the Privacy Policy URL. By accessing the Site, you accept these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy without restriction or reservation. We encourage you to periodically review the most up-to-date version of the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, as it may change from time to time and may change the terms of your use of the Site. All changes will take effect immediately upon publication and apply to any subsequent access to and use of the Site. If you continue to use the site after making changes, these changes are considered accepted. All new features that enhance or enhance the Site are also subject to these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
1. General
You are allowed to browse the Site, access the Company’s regular e-newsletter and technical libraries, view the product catalog (s), ask questions, participate in contests, promotions, surveys or other services, and view them all other information on the site. This and all other materials provided by the Company on the Site are hereinafter referred to as “Licensed Content”. You may view and print portions of the Licensed Content for your own internal use. Resale, redistribution, or use of the Licensed Content other than as provided in these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy is not permitted. Any other use of the Licensed Content without the prior written consent of the COMPANY is expressly prohibited.
2. Product Information
The COMPANY makes commercially reasonable efforts to provide accurate information. However, the industries and jurisdictions in which COMPANY operates and the laws and regulations applicable to those industries and jurisdictions are subject to constant change. Against this background, it is possible that information contained on the page is not up-to-date or correct. Since many factors go through a decision process about the purchase of a particular product, and because special circumstances and needs of all may differ, the provision of the Licensed Content is for informational purposes only. The Company cannot guarantee and does not warrant that the product choice you make is correct, tailored to your particular needs or requirements or that the references, regulations or other information provided are complete, correct or up to date for your specific needs (see our reservation regarding warranties in paragraph 10 below). The COMPAY may reject or cancel product made on the basis of incorrect prices or incorrect advertising conditions. Any sales made through the site are subject to the general conditions of sale and or terms and conditions of the COMPANY.
3. User behavior Obscene or abusive language, harassment, threats or misuse of any kind or in any form on this site, including transmission by e-mail, mail or any other means, are expressly prohibited. The appearance under the identity of another person or the misrepresentation of your relationship with the COMPANY or anyone else is prohibited. You may not upload, post or otherwise publish material on the Site that is defamatory, vulgar, obscene, threatening, abusive, invasive, hateful, racially or ethnically inaccessible to the privacy or public rights of any other person Founding or encouraging an offense, violating any law or any other person’s rights, or otherwise leading to liability. You agree not to falsify headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of the submitted, publish any proprietary or confidential information, or otherwise patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, or other proprietary rights of others (the “rights”) to cause damage. You are not allowed to upload commercial material to the Site, use the Site to promote, advertise or promote others. Any attempt to interfere with or disrupt the Site, its servers, networks, software, equipment, or a linked database, whether through malicious code, files or other means, or attempts at disassembling, reverse engineering, or decompiling Software, bypassing security features, such as passwords, or taking actions that affect the privacy or security of this site, users, or other visitors, is expressly prohibited. You are responsible for your communication and activities on the site. The COMPANY shall in no event be liable for any communication, use of the Site by You or others or any Licensed Content, including, without limitation, errors or omissions in the Licensed Content, or for any damages resulting from the use of any Licensed Content result in the page.
4. Exemption
You agree to the officers, directors, suppliers, service providers, co-owners and other partners, agents and employees of the COMPANY for all claims, damages, fees and expenses of any kind, including reasonable fees for lawyers and other specialists to indemnify, hold harmless any liability arising out of or in connection with (i) all that is conveyed by you through the Site, (ii) your use of the Site by you, (iii) your connection to Page 4 (iv) if you have infringed these Terms of Use, or (v) you have infringed any other rights. In the event that you provide false, erroneous, fraudulent or outdated tax information or other information, you agree to indemnify COMPANY for all liabilities, damages, losses or expenses (including reasonable fees for lawyers and other specialists) and recover any loss or damage that may be incurred, including but not limited to, lost profits, taxes, fines or sanctions, interest, fees, costs and expenses of any kind arising out of or in connection with any third party on the basis of information provided by you or the use of the site by you alleged or asserted / brought claims, claims, actions or proceedings against the COMPANY revealed.
5. Adjustments to the page
COMPNAY reserves the right to change the Licensed Content, the services offered or terminated through the Site from time to time or to extend the scope of the Site. In addition, COMPANY reserves the right, at any time and from time to time, to adjust these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Site and / or to suspend or terminate the Site (or any part thereof), with or without notice. You are responsible for periodically reviewing these Terms and the Privacy Policy. You agree that the COMPANY shall not be liable to you or third parties for any such act.
6. Termination
COMPANY may, at its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access or use for any purpose, but especially if COMPANY believes you have violated or contradicted the wording or meaning of these Terms of Use. Furthermore, the COMPANY may at any time, in its sole discretion, cease the provision of the Site or any part thereof, with or without notice, or remove or reject User Submissions with or without cause at its sole discretion. You agree that any interruption or termination may occur without notice. You acknowledge and agree that the COMPANY may immediately suspend further access to the Site. The COMPANY shall not be liable to you or any third party for any interruption or termination of your access to or use of the Site. Without limiting the above, the COMPANY has the right to work with any law enforcement agency or court order that requests us to disclose the identity or other information of any person posting material on or through our site. You will waive all claims against the company and its affiliates, licensors and service providers from measures resulting during or as a results of its investigations that have been taken, and for measures to either by the company or law enforcement authorities as a consequence of investigations have been taken and hold this here directly.
7. Links.
This page may contain links to other websites or sources. If you use links to these pages, you are leaving this page. The COMPANY has no control over those pages, their content and sources or the business practices or policies of the operators of those pages. The COMPANY’s privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies or individuals who operate the linked sites. Therefore, we ask for caution and review of the privacy policies of each site you visit to learn more about their information gathering practices. The COMPANY expressly rejects any responsibility or liability for the availability or accuracy of such external sites or sources and their content. COMPANY does not endorse or endorse any advertisements, products, or other materials available on or through these sites or resources, or is responsible or liable for them. The inclusion of links on the site does not imply endorsement of the linked site. The use of links by you is at your own risk. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that COMPANY does not warrant, directly or indirectly, for any reasonable or alleged damages arising out of or in connection with the use of or reliance on any products, services or materials found on or through such links, pages or sources are available, responsible or liable.
8. Property rights of the COMPANY
Anything you see or read on the Site, including the compilation, collection, arrangement and structure of the Licensed Content, is protected by national and international copyright laws and may not be used for any purpose other than as provided for in these Terms of Use without the express written permission of COMPANY. The Site and all necessary software used in connection with the Site (the “Software”), the compilation, collection, arrangement and structure of the Licensed Content, all images, photographs, graphics, illustrations, texts and other information and materials All or any part or all of the information and data collected through the Site (all of which are contained in or as “Licensed Content”) are the property of the COMPANY or its suppliers, or any part thereof, regardless of its source, trademarks or other intellectual property Partners and contain property and confidential information that is protected by all applicable property and other rights. All trademarks, logos, trade names, trade dress, product and service marks, alone or in combination with each other (collectively, the “marks”), whether registered or not, are the property of the COMPANY, its subsidiaries and affiliates, or other third party owners, of the COMPANY granted the right and licenses to use their trademarks (“Third Party Trademarks”). You may not use or display the third party trademarks or brands in any form without the prior written consent of the COMPANY or its respective owner. This includes use in or as meta-tags or any other hidden texts. Other product or service names, logos, graphics, headers, button icons and scripts are trademarks or representations of COMPANY and may not be used in any form in connection with other products or services not provided by COMAPNY, but not in particular any form that is likely to cause confusion in the market or in any way that vilifies or discredits COMPANY.
9. Indications and Procedure for Reporting a Copyright Infringement
Notices of alleged copyright infringement should be sent to the COMPANY. The COMPANY respects the intellectual property of others and asks its users and visitors to do the same. COMPANY will process and investigate alleged violations and take appropriate action under applicable intellectual property laws. Upon receipt of any notice in accordance with applicable law, COMPANY will cause the removal of any material found to be infringing or part of an infringing act, as well as any references or links to any material or acts found to be infringing or to block access to them. If you believe that your work has been copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, we request that you provide the following information:
a. a physical or electronic signature of Person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a sole copyright whose infringement is alleged;
b. a description of the copyrighted work whose infringement is alleged;
c. a description of where the material that infringes your information is located on the page;
d. Your address, telephone number and e-mail address and any other information needed to enable the COMPANY to contact you;
e. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the contested use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
f. An confirmation from you that the above information is correct to the best of your knowledge and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a particular right that is alleged to have been infringed.
Allegations of alleged copyright infringement are to be addressed to:
By mail: tremco illbruck Group GmbH Von-der-Wettern-Str. 27 51149 Köln Deutschland By fax: +49 2203 57550 60 By e-mail: info@tremco-illbruck.com (Please include “Notice of Infringement” in the subject line.)
IMPORTANT NOTE: THE FOREGOING INFORMATION INCLUDES INFORMATION FROM THE COMPANY ON THE POSSIBILITY OF INFRINGING YOUR COPYRIGHT. ALL OTHER REQUESTS, SUCH AS, FOR EXAMPLE, PRODUCT-RELATED QUESTIONS AND INQUIRIES OR DATA PROTECTION QUESTIONS WILL NOT BE ANSWERED THROUGH THIS METHOD.
10. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
COMPANY makes no representations or warranties about the correctness or completeness of the Site or the Licensed Content. The COMPANY is not directed to children under the age of 13 and the use of the site is not intended for them. COMPANY will not contact any children under the age of 13 for promotional or marketing purposes without the permission of a parent and will not solicit personal information more than reasonably needed to participate in any such action. However, there is no filtering by the Company of advertisements or other material that children may see through the pages or linked pages, portions of which may be inappropriate for children. You understand and expressly agree that:
(a)	You use the site at your own risk. The page is provided without warranty of any kind and availability. The company expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of resale, fitness for a particular purpose, and warranties arising out of the current trade or performance, freedom of damages, non-infringement, and non-inhalation in connection with the use of the site or share hereunder.
(b)	The COMPANY makes no warranty that (I) that the site will meet your requirements (ii) that access to the site is uninterrupted, timely, secure, accurate, or error-free, (iii) the products are available, correctly shown or (Iv) the results obtained from the use of the site are correct and reliable (V) that the quality of all products, page, information or other materials purchased or obtained, through the site is your quality expectations fulfilled, OR (vi) that products are properly delivered in the right quantity.
(c)	The downloading or otherwise receiving material is by your use of the site, at your own discretion, at your own risk. You are solely responsible for any damage
(e)Advice or information you get from the COMPANY obtained from the site, whether oral or written, shall create a warranty not expressly stated in these terms of use or otherwise according to your acquisition of products or services provided by the COMPANY.
You expressly understand and agree that the COMPANY will not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or exemplary, including, without limitation, damages for loss of profit, goodwill, use , data or other immaterial loss (even if COMPANY has been aware of the possibility of such damages), below or in connection with the use or inability to use, the accuracy of the information, products and materials displayed or subject to the site are available, or liable to any other matter relating to your access to the site or your use thereof. these limitations will apply even if limited liability fails of its essential purpose. to the extent that jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for substitutes of incidental or consequential damages, some of the above limitations may not apply to you. the foregoing has no influence of any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
11. Release / opt-out options
Notices to you may be sent by e-mail or regular mail. The Site may address to you notices of changes to these Terms of Use or other matters including the general display of communications or links to communications on the Site. An advertisement or other correspondence to the COMPANY should be sent by registered letter return receipt to:
tremco illbruck Group GmbH
Von-der-Wettern-Str. 27
51149 Köln
Deutschland
If you wish to receive an update of your information or if you no longer wish to receive correspondence from the COMPANY, please contact the COMPANY info@tremco-illbruck.com
12. General information
These Terms of Use and all other agreements, whether referred to in this Agreement or not, constitute the entire agreement between you and COMPANY in relation to your activities on the Site and their use by you and governs them. You hereby replace all previous agreements between you and the COMPANY. These Terms of Use, your use of the Site by you and any other agreement, and the relationship between you and the COMPANY are governed by the laws of Germany without regard to applicable law. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods of 1980 does not apply. You and COMPANY agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the competent state or federal courts in Cologne or the UK. Failure by the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Should a provision of the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy be found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Nonetheless, the parties agree that the court should seek to implement the intention of the parties pursued by this provision and that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use remain unaffected. You agree that any claim or claim arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site, the Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy shall be enforced by you, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, within one (1) year of the date of such claim (s) or forever barred. The headings of the terms in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
13 violations
Please report any violation of the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy to info@tremco-illbruck.com
14. Special provisions for users in the United States
COMPANY maintains on our site the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). The privacy of children is important to us. No person under the age of 13 may provide personal information to or on our site. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If you are not yet 13 years old, we ask that you do not use or provide any information on this page or in or through the features on this page or to provide us with any information about yourself, including your name, address, telephone number, Your e-mail address or a screen name or user name that you use. If we become aware that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information. The provision of personal data relating to a child, including the name and age of a child, is at the parents discretion. A parent may at any time request the review of their personal information or that of their child that has been submitted to us. A parent may contact at any time by e-mail at info@tremco-illbruck.com. Request the deletion of this data. If a visitor to this site is under the age of 18, they should read this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for guidance with their parents.
Your California Privacy Rights Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code allows site users who are California citizens to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please send an e-mail to info@tremco-illbruck.com or write to us: tremco illbruck Group GmbH Of-the-bettors-Str. 27, 51149 Cologne, Germany.
This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies (also known as pixels or beacons) to aid your experience (such as viewing videos), as well as “performance cookies” to analyze your use of this website and to assist with marketing efforts. If you click the "Accept All Cookies" button or continue navigating the website, you agree to have those first and third-party cookies set on your device. If you do not wish to accept cookies from this website, you can choose to not allow cookies from this website by updating your browser preferences. For more information on how we use Cookies, please read our Privacy Policy. Accept All CookiesPrivacy Policy