https://www.kingedward.co.uk/legal-privacy
Home
Legal & Privacy
Legal & Privacy
At King Edward Catering Equipment, we're committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure together with the rights you have in relation to the information we hold.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you're happy with any changes. By using our website, you're agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to oven@kingedward.co.uk or by writing to Porthouse Industrial Estate, Bromyard, Herefordshire, HR7 4NS. Alternatively, you can telephone (+44) 01885 489200.
Who are we?
King Edward Catering Equipment is the trading name used by Monarch Products (Marketing) Ltd which is a registered company incorporated and registered in England under company number 1929387. The registered address is Porthouse Industrial Estate, Bromyard, Herefordshire, HR7 4NS
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about products and services, to make a purchase, to enter a competition or if you register to receive one of our regular newsletters. We will also collect information if you phone us to place an order or if you email us.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when, together with your purchase history.
If you purchase a product from us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
process orders that you have submitted;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;
dealing with entries into a promotion or competition;
provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you, which may be based on your activity on our website(s) or third parties' websites;
make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them, which may be based on your activity on our website(s) or third parties' websites
manage and operate your account with us;
administer our site and for internal business administration and operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
notify you of changes to our services;
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process orders and send you mailings). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we require them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. We will not release your information to third parties beyond the King Edward Catering Equipment network for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Third Party Product Providers we work in association with: We work closely with various third party product providers to bring you a range of quality and reliable products and services. When you enquire about or purchase one or more of these products, the relevant third party product provider will use your details to provide you with information and carry out their obligations arising from any contracts you have entered into with them. In some cases, they will be acting as a data controller of your information and therefore we advise you to read their Privacy Policy. These third party product providers will share your information with us which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
When you are using our secure online payment pages, your payment is processed by a third party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, or if we're under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us then you can inform us at the point where we collect your information.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: oven@kingedward.co.uk or telephone on (+44) 01885 489200.
Your Rights
Your information will be held for at least six years for legal, regulatory and accounting purposes and thereafter for as long as reasonably necessary.
You have the right to withdraw consent for us to process your information at any time.
You have the right to withdraw consent for us to pass your information to third parties that we have outlined in this policy. This will result in us ceasing to offer those services to you.
Accessing your information:
You can make a written request to access the personal information we hold about you. If we aren't able to meet your request for access, we'll let you know why.
You have the rights to the following information: -
The purpose(s) for which we are processing your information.
The categories of personal information we hold about you.
The recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed.
The period for which we will store your information; or the criteria used to determine that period.
Further Rights:
To rectification or restriction of the way in which we are processing your information; or to object to us processing it.
To erasure of your personal information provided it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected; or where there is no legal basis for us processing it.
Where we have collected information about you from sources other than yourself, information about those sources.
To ask us whether any decisions are being taken about you by automated means and if this is happening; information about the logic involved and any significant consequences on you.
To ask us about the appropriate safeguards we take if we transfer your information to a third country or international organisation.
You can exercise any of these rights at any time by writing to the King Edward Catering Equipment at Porthouse Industrial Estate, Bromyard, Herefordshire, HR7 4NS.
If you are not satisfied about the way in which your information is handled you have the right to lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
Keeping your information accurate:
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect and store, use or disclose is accurate, up-to-date and complete. However, we rely on you to advise us of any changes to your information to help us do so. If you believe your personal information is not accurate, up-to-date or complete, then please let us know. If you'd like to request access to or seek correction of your personal information, please contact us. Our contact details are:
Porthouse Industrial Estate,
Bromyard,
Herefordshire,
HR7 4NS
(+44) 01885 489200
oven@kingedward.co.uk
Complaints about how we handle your personal information:
If you have a complaint about our handling of your personal information or an alleged breach of the principles contained in the General Data Protection Regulation 2018, please contact us and provide us with the details of your complaint / the alleged breach as well as any supporting evidence. You can contact us via the below options:
Porthouse Industrial Estate,
Bromyard,
Herefordshire,
HR7 4NS
(+44) 01885 489200
oven@kingedward.co.uk
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it's treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected with the following software 128 Bit encryption on SSL. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear on the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
For the personal information we hold electronically we take reasonable security measures including firewalls, secure logon processes, encryption and intrusion monitoring technologies.
For the information we hold in hard copy / on paper we have in place reasonable confidentiality procedures and we also take reasonable security measures. We also require third party providers to hold personal information securely.
Profiling
We may analyse your personal information to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information relevant to you. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us do this effectively. We may also use your personal information to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
Use of cookies
Like many other websites, the King Edward Catering Equipment website uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union ("EU"). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you're agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in 24 January 2019.
Fresh from our kitchen
Return on Investment
Do you know how much profit your equipment can make you? Find Out
About King Edward
Our products can be found in the restaurants of most major retailers throughout the UK.
Proud to supply…