https://www.miscospeakers.com/terms-use
Custom SolutionsCustom Products & ServicesSystem SolutionsProducts
Product Lines
Turnkey Systems
Oaktron by MISCO
MISCO OEM
Bold North Audio
MISCO Amplifiers
Speakers By Type
Full Range/Wide Range
Voice Range
Micro/Mini Speakers
Tweeters
Mid Range/Mid Bass
Woofers
Subwoofers
Amps and Systems
Amplifiers
Turnkey Systems
Speakers By Special Application
Medical Equipment
Signal/Alarm Devices
Motor Vehicle
Musical Instrument
Extended Products PDF Archive »
Know Your Product Number? »
View All ProductsProduct LinesOaktron by MISCOMISCO OEMBold North AudioMISCO AmplifiersSoundscapeIndustriesAerospace & AviationCasino GamingCommercial SoundHome Audio & Home TheaterMedicalMilitary / GovernmentMusical InstrumentsPro SoundSignal / Alarm DevicesTransitVoice CommunicationsSee More Industries We ServeWhy MiscoUnique MISCO AdvantagesReshoring With MISCOEngineeringManufacturingQualityTest & Measurement ServicesCritical ListeningSupply Chain LogisticsAbout UsUnique MISCO AdvantagesOur TeamHistoryMissionProfessional AssociationsCareersArchive
HomeTerms of Use
Terms of Use Statement
Last updated January 17, 2019
AGREEMENT TO TERMS
These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and MISCO/Minneapolis Speaker Company Inc. (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), concerning your access to, use and use of the www.miscospeakers.com website as well as any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related, linked, or otherwise connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). You agree that by accessing the Site, you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by all these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE SITE AND YOU MUST DISCONTINUE USE IMMEDIATELY.
Supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be posted on the Site from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Use at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of these Terms of Use, and you waive any right to receive specific notice of each such change. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms of Use to stay informed of updates. You will be subject to, and will be deemed to have been made aware of and accepted, the changes in any revised Terms of Use by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Terms of Use are posted.
The information provided on the Site is not intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Accordingly, those persons who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
The Site is intended for users who are at least 18 years of age. All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by, their parent or guardian to use the Site. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read and agree to these Terms of Use prior to you using the Site.
COPYRIGHTS
This Site and the materials within it are © 2005-2019 MISCO, Inc. Company. Viewing this Site creates a copy of MISCOspeakers.com materials in your computer's random access memory and/or in your hard drive and/or in your proxy server.
TRADEMARKS
The trademarks, service marks and logos (the "Trademarks") used and displayed on this Site are registered Federal Trademarks of MISCO®. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site, without the prior written permission of the Trademark owner. MISCO aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name of MISCO, MISCO logo and design, or, the other MISCO formatives may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior, written permission from MISCO. MISCO prohibits use of the MISCO logo as part of a link to or from any site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by MISCO in writing.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unless otherwise indicated, the Site is our proprietary property and all source code, databases, functionality, software, website designs, audio, video, text, photographs, and graphics on the Site (collectively, the “Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein (the “Marks”) are owned or controlled by us or licensed to us, and are protected by copyright and trademark laws and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws of the United States, foreign jurisdictions, and international conventions. The Content and Marks are provided on the site “AS IS” for your information and personal use only. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content or Marks may be copied, reproduced, aggregated, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, distributed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose whatsoever, without our express prior written permission.
Provided that you are eligible to use the Site, you are granted a limited license to access and use the Site and download or print a copy of any portion of the Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your personal, non-commercial use. If you violate these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, or any other policy we have in place, your limited license rights expire. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you and to the Site, the Content, and the Marks.
USER REPRESENTATIONS
By using the Site, you represent and warrant that: 1) all registration information you submit will be true, accurate, current, and complete; 2) you will maintain the accuracy of such information and promptly update such registration information as necessary; 3) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms of Use; 4) you are not under the age of 18; 5) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside, or if a minor, you have received parental permission to use this Site; 6) you will not access the Site through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, a script, or otherwise; 7) you will not use the Site for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and 8) your use of the Site will not violate any applicable law or regulation.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).
USER REGISTRATION
You may be required to register with the Site. You agree to keep your password confidential and will be responsible for all use of your account and password. We reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or change a user name you select if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such username is inappropriate, obscene, or otherwise objectionable.
PRODUCTS
We make every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors, features, specifications, and details of the products available on the Site. However, we do not guarantee that the colors, features, specifications, and details of the products will be accurate, complete, reliable, current, or free of other errors, and your electronic display may not accurately reflect the actual colors and details of the products. All products are subject to availability, and we cannot guarantee that items will be in stock. We reserve the right to discontinue any products at any time for any reason. Prices for all products are subject to change.
PURCHASES AND PAYMENT
We accept the following forms of payment:
-       Visa
-       MasterCard
-       American Express
-       Discover
You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made via the Site. You further agree to promptly update account and payment information, including email address, payment method, and payment card expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. Sales tax will be added to the price of the purchases as deemed required by us. We may change prices at any time. All payments shall be made in U.S. Dollars.
You agree to pay all charges at the prices then in effect for your purchases and any applicable shipping fees, and you authorize us to charge your chosen payment provider for any such amounts upon placing your order. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes in pricing, even if we have already requested or received payment.
We reserve the right to refuse any order placed through the Site. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same payment method, and/or orders that use the same billing or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
RETURN POLICY
Please review our Return Policy posted on the Site prior to making any purchases.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
You may not access or use the Site for any purpose other than that for which we make the Site available. The Site may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us in writing.
As a user of the Site, you agree not to:
1.     Systematically retrieve data or other content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from us.
2.     Make any unauthorized use of the Site, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited email, or creating accounts by automated means or under false pretenses.
3.     Use the Site to advertise or offer to sell goods and services.
4.     Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site, including features that prevent or restrict the use of copying any Content or enforce limitations on the use of the Site and/or the Content contained therein.
5.     Engage in unauthorized framing or linking to the Site.
6.     Trick, defraud, or mislead us and other users, especially in an attempt to learn sensitive account information such as user passwords.
7.     Make improper use of our support services or submit false reports of abuse or misconduct.
8.     Engage in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
9.     Interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services connected to the Site.
10.  Attempt to impersonate another user or person or use the username of another user.
11.  Sell or otherwise transfer your profile.
12.  Use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person.
13.  Use the Site as a part of any effort to compete with us or otherwise use the Site and/or Content for any revenue-generating endeavor or commercial enterprise.
14.  Decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site.
15.  Attempt to bypass any measures of the Site designed to prevent or restrict access to the Site, or any portion of the Site.
16.  Harass, annoy, intimidate, or threaten any of our employees or agents engaged in providing any portion of the Site to you.
17.  Delete the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any Content.
18.  Copy or adapt the Site’s software, including but not limited to Flash, PHP, HTML, JavaScript or other code.
19.  Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) viruses, Trojan horses, or other material, including excessive use of capital letters and spamming (continuous posting of repetitive text), that interferes with any party’s uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the Site or modifies, impairs, disrupts, alters, or interferes with the use, features, functions, operation, or maintenance of the Site.
20.  Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (gifs), 1x1 pixels, web bugs, cookies, or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware” or “passive collection mechanisms” or “pcms”).
21.  Except as may be the result of standard search engine or internet browser usage, use launch, develop or distribute any automated system, including without limitation any spider, robot, cheat utility, scraper, or offline reader that accesses the Site, or using or launching any unauthorized scrip or other software.
22.  Disparage, tarnish, or otherwise harm, in our opinion, us and/or the Site.
23.  Use the Site in a manner inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations.
24.  Use a buying agent or purchasing agent to make purchases on the Site.
USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS
The Site may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or on the Site, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, “Contributions”). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Site and the Marketplace Offerings and through third-party websites. As such, any Contributions you may transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:
1.     The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other rights of any third party.
2.     You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Site, and other users of the Site, to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
3.     You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
4.     Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
5.     Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitations.
6.     Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
7.     Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
8.     Your Contributions do not advocate the violent overthrow of any government or incite, encourage, or threaten physical harm against another.
9.     Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
10.  Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
11.  Your Contributions do not contain any material that solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner.
12.  Your Contributions do not violate any federal or state law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health and well-being of minors.
13.  Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
14.  Your Contributions do not other violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any applicable law or regulation.
Any use of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Site and Marketplace Offerings.
CONTRIBUTION LICENSE
By posting your Contributions to any part of the Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use, copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broadcast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate other works, such as Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions.
We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area on the Site. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Site and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.
We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, 1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; 2) to recategorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations on the Site; and 3) to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions.
GUIDELINES FOR REVIEWS
We may provide you areas on the Site to leave reviews or ratings. When posting a review, you must comply with the following criteria: 1) you should have firsthand experience with the product being reviewed; 2) your reviews should not contain offensive profanity, or abusive racist, offensive, or hate language; 3) your reviews should not contain discriminatory references based on religion, race, gender, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, or any other protected category; 4) your reviews should not contain references to illegal activities; 5) you should not be affiliated with competitors if posting negative reviews; 6) you should not make any conclusions as to the legality of conduct; and 8) you may not organize a campaign encouraging others to post reviews, either positive or negative.
We may accept, reject, or remove reviews at our sole discretion. We have absolutely no obligation to screen reviews or to delete reviews, even if anyone considers reviews objectionable or inaccurate. Reviews are not endorsed by us and do not necessarily represent our opinions or the views of any of our affiliates or partners. We do not assume liability for any review or for any claims, liabilities, or losses resulting from any review. By posting a review, you hereby grant to us a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully-paid, assignable, and sublicensable right and license to reproduce, modify, translate, transmit by any means, display, perform, and/or distribute all content relating to reviews.
SUBMISSIONS
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, or other information regarding the Site or Marketplace Offerings (“Submissions”) provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any lawful purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgement or compensation to you. You hereby waive all rights to any such Submissions. You agree that there shall be no recourse against us for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Submissions.
ADVERTISERS
We allow advertisers to display their advertisements and other information in certain areas of the Site, such sidebar advertisements or banner advertisements. If you are an advertiser, you shall take full responsibility for any advertisements you place on the Site and any services provided on the Site or products sold through those advertisements. Further, as an advertiser, you warrant and represent that you possess all rights and authority to place advertisements on the Site, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, publicity rights, and contractual rights. We simply provide the space to place such advertisements, and we have no other relationship with advertisers.
SITE MANAGEMENT
We reserve the right, but not the obligation to: 1) monitor the Site for violations of these Terms of Use; 2) take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates the law or these Terms of Use, including without limitation, reporting such user to law enforcement authorities; 3) in our sole discretion and without limitation, refuse, restrict access to, limit the availability of, or disable (to the extent technologically feasible) any of your Contributions or any portion thereof; 4) in our sole discretion and without limitation, notice, or liability, to remove from the Site or otherwise disable all files and content that are excessive in size or are in any way burdensome to our systems; and 5) otherwise manage the Site in a manner that is designed to protect our rights and property and to facilitate the proper functioning of the Site and Marketplace Offerings.
PRIVACY POLICY
,We care about data privacy and security. By using the Site or the Marketplace Offerings, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy posted on this site, which is incorporated into this Terms of Use. Please be advised that the Site and the Marketplace Offerings are hosted in the United States. If you access the Site or the Marketplace Offerings from the European Union, Asia, or any other region of the world with laws or other requirements governing personal data collection, use or disclosure that differ from applicable laws in the United States, then through your continued use of the Site, you are transferring your data to the United States and you expressly consent to having your data transferred to and processed in the United States. Further, we do not knowingly accept, request, or solicit information from children or knowingly market to children. Therefore, in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, if we receive actual knowledge that anyone under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from the site as quickly as is reasonably practical.
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTS
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that any material available on or through the Site infringes on upon any copyright you own or control, please immediately notify us using the contact information provided below (a “Notification”). A copy of your Notification will be sent to the person who posted or stored the material addressed in the Notification. The notification should be signed, electronically or otherwise, by the person who lawfully holds the copyright or who has the authority to enforce that copyright.  The notification should describe the copyrighted work and should provide a detailed description of where on this site the copyrighted work is located.  The notification should contain a statement that the submitter possesses a good faith belief the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized, and the notification shall be submitted under oath, under penalty of perjury.
TERM AND TERMINATION
These Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF USE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE AND THE MARKETPLACE OFFERINGS (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WIHTOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OF USE OR OF ANY APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITE AND THE MARKETPLACE OFFERINGS OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU POSTED AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.
If we terminate or suspend your account for any reason, you are prohibited from registering and creating a new account under your name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may be acting on behalf of the third party. In addition to terminating or suspending your account, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action, including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS
We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of the Site at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Site. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or part of the Marketplace Offerings without notice at any time. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, price change, suspensions, or discontinuance of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings.
We cannot guarantee that the Site and the Marketplace Offerings will be available at all times. We may experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to perform maintenance related to the Site, resulting in interruptions, delays, or errors. We reserve the right to change, revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the Site or the Marketplace Offerings at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the Site or the Marketplace Offerings during any downtime or discontinuance of the Site or the Marketplace Offerings. Nothing in these Terms of Use will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Site or the Marketplace Offerings or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection therewith.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site and the Marketplace Offerings are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of Minnesota, without regard to its conflict of law principles.
CORRECTIONS
There may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to the Marketplace Offerings, including descriptions, pricing, availability, and various other information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update the information on the Site at any time without prior notice.
DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ITS SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY 1) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES, OF CONTENT AND MATERIALS; 2) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE; 3) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; 4) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE; 5) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR 6) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT AND MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SITE. WE DO NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SITE, ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND WE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGEMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
INDEMINIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless, including our subsidiaries, affiliates, and all of our respective officers, agents, partners, and employees, from and against any loss, damage, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, made by any third party due to or arising out of: 1) your Contributions; 2) use of the Site; 3) breach of these Terms of Use; 4) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use; 5) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; 6) any overt harmful act toward any other user of the Site with whom you connected via the Site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate, at your expense, with our defense of such claims. We will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding which is subject to indemnification upon becoming aware of it.
USER DATA
We will maintain certain data that you transmit to the Site for the purpose of managing the performance of the Site, as well as data relating to your use of the Site. Although we perform regular routing backups of data, you are solely responsible for all data that you transmit or that relates to any activity you have undertaken using the Site. You agree that we shall have no liability to you for any loss or corruption of any such data, and you hereby waive any right of action against us arising from any such loss or corruption of such data.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICTIONS, TRANSACTIONS, AND SIGNATURES
Visiting the Site, sending us emails, and completing online forms constitute electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. You hereby agree to the use of electronic signatures, contracts, orders, and other records and to electronic delivery of notices, policies, and records of transactions initiated or completed by us or via the Site. You hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances, or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments for the granting of credits by any means other than electronic means.
CALIFORNIA USERS AND RESIDENTS
If any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at 800-952-5210.
MISCELLANEOUS
These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site or with respect to the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Use operate to the fullest extent permissible by law. We may assign any or all of our rights and obligations to others at any time. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. There is no join venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Site. You agree that these Terms of Use will not be construed against us by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Use and the lack of signing by the parties hereto execute these Terms of Use.
CONTACT US
In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding use of the Site, please contact us at:
MISCO/MINNEAPOLIS SPEAKER COMPANY INC.
2637 32ND AVENUE SOUTH
MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55406-1641
UNITED STATES
Phone: 800-276-9955
Fax: 612-825-7010
Email: customerservice@miscospeakers.com
© 1996-2018 MISCO/Minneapolis Speaker Company Inc., All Rights Reserved. MISCO, Bold North Audio, Redline, Warkwyn and Oaktron are registered trademarks of MISCO/Minneapolis Speaker Company Inc.
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
California Proposition 65 Compliance
Site Credits
Custom SolutionsCustom Products & ServicesSystem SolutionsProducts
Product Lines
Turnkey Systems
Oaktron by MISCO
MISCO OEM
Bold North Audio
Speakers by Type
Full Range/Wideband
Voice Range
Micro/Mini Speakers
Tweeters
Mid Range/Mid Bass
Woofers
Subwoofers
Amps and Systems
Amplifiers
Turnkey Systems
Special Application Speakers
Signal/Alarm Devices
Motor Vehicle
Musical Instrument
Outdoor
Extended Products Archive
View all Products
Know Your Product Number?
Product LinesOaktron by MISCOMISCO OEMBold North AudioMISCO AmplifiersSoundscapeIndustriesAerospace & AviationCasino GamingCommercial SoundHome Audio & Home TheaterMedicalMilitary / GovernmentMusical InstrumentsPro SoundSignal / Alarm DevicesTransitVoice CommunicationsSee More Industries We ServeWhy MiscoUnique MISCO AdvantagesReshoring With MISCOEngineeringManufacturingQualityTest & Measurement ServicesCritical ListeningSupply Chain LogisticsAbout UsUnique MISCO AdvantagesOur TeamHistoryMissionProfessional AssociationsCareersSupportCustomer SupportTechnical SupportResource LibraryBold North Audio MS-10W IntroductionAbout MISCONews and InformationLegal DocumentsArchiveContactEventsWARKWYNSign InCreate an AccountMy AccountSign Out800-276-9955