http://www.centria.com/privacy-policy
Legal Disclaimers
Arrow
Home
Arrow
Legal
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 06/2019
This Online Privacy Policy applies to information about you that Cornerstone Building Brands (“Cornerstone,” “we,” “our,” “us”) may obtain when you visit http://www.abcmetalroofing.com/ (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy describes how we may collect, use, or share information about you; your choices regarding our use of your information; how we safeguard such information; and how you may contact us regarding our privacy practices.
Collection of Personal Information
In general, you may provide us personal information such as your name, username and password, personal or business phone number, fax number, zip code, job title, home or company address, e-mail address, employer, and account profile picture. You may also post jobs onto the Site, in which case, you may provide additional information about projects you are involved in, including personal information about others. If you provide personal information about others, you represent that you have obtained their consent to do so.
In addition to information that you submit to us, we may collect certain information automatically using various tools and technologies such as cookies and web server logs. The types of information we collect may include IP addresses, device identifiers, browser characteristics, operating system details, language preferences, referring URLs, length of visits, and pages viewed. A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Many web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but you may be able to set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, or to remove or reject cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of this Site or other websites, and disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that rely on cookies to function.
We may use third-party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us analyze how visitors use the Site. To learn more about opting out of data collection through Google Analytics, click here.
Use of Personal Information
We may use personal information we collect through the Site to:
Facilitate and personalize your user experience and improve the Site;
Conduct statistical analysis of Site content, layout, and features for our marketing purposes;
Improve the Site, our marketing, or services we may offer;
Deliver promotional content to you;
Send you newsletters;
Comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal process, as well as industry standards and our company policies;
Prevent, investigate, identify, stop, or take any other action with regard to suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity, or any activity that violates our policies; or
For any other purpose, with your consent.
We may use your personal information to conduct Interest-based Advertising on third-party websites or services. Certain third-parties may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for Interest-based Ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to exercise certain choices regarding targeting.
You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program at http://www.youradchoices.com/ and its opt-out program for mobile apps at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Ads, you will continue to receive non-targeted ads. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers assisting us in carrying out services to you such as allowing you to use the Site to apply to job opportunities. Third-party service providers are not meant to use personal information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us.
In the event of a business transaction, such as if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (e.g., further to a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction, including negotiations of such transactions), we reserve the right to disclose any information we obtain through the Site. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, we may disclose information when required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal processes, or in response to activities that are unlawful or a violation of our rules for use of the Site, or to protect and defend our	 rights or property.
Please note that third parties may collect your personal information about your online activities over time and across different devices and online properties when you use the Site.
Public Posting of Your Personal Information
You may publicly post jobs or your building needs onto the Site, in which case other users who are registered with the Site may view your public job postings, including any personal information, of yours or others, you include in the public job posting(s). Others may use such personal information to contact you off the Site. We are not responsible for any interaction between users off the Site. We recommend you use caution when publicly posting your or others’ personal information publicly on the Site.
Security
We take reasonable measures to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the Internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Site.
Third-Party Content
In addition, we may provide third-party services’ interfaces or links on the Site to facilitate your sending a communication from the Site.
For example, we may use third parties to facilitate your sharing of Site content through third-party e-mails or social media platforms. These third parties may collect and retain any information used or provided in any such communications or other activities and these third parties’ practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy.
Linked Websites
The Site may include links to websites that are owned and/or operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites, which may have their own privacy policies or notices that you should review to understand how they may use or disclose your personal information. Cornerstone is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites that are operated by third parties. Any personal information you submit through these websites is governed by the third-party service provider’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
The Site may also provide links to websites operated by Cornerstone, our brands, affiliates, or our subsidiaries. Unless indicated otherwise, these websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. For information on how these websites may collect, use, or disclose your personal information, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on the linked websites.
Your Choices
You can review, revise, or delete personal information you provide to us by logging into your account and accessing your account profile settings.
You can opt out of receiving certain promotional communications (e-mails) from Cornerstone at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or if available by changing your communication preferences by logging onto your account. Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
If you opt-out of only certain communications, other subscriptions may continue.
Even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, Cornerstone may, subject to applicable law,
continue to send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or Cornerstone’s ongoing business relations.
Information For Users Outside The United States
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that information we obtain about you will be processed in the United States or in other jurisdictions. By using the Site you acknowledge and consent to the international transfer and processing of your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations that apply to your personal data transferred to the United States or other countries may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
Revisions
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at our discretion. We will indicate changes, including material changes, to the Privacy Policy by updating the “Effective Date” at the top of this page. Your continued use of this Site after any update to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the
changes.
Contact information
Please direct comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy via e-mail to
marketing@centria.com.
Registered Trademarks
ATMP®
Cascade®
Duragard®
Eco Sound Barrier®
Econolap®
EcoScreen®
Fluorofinish®
Foamwall®
FormaShield®
DSR
Formavue®
Formawall®
Dimension Series®
Graphix Series®
Lumatread®
MicroSeam®
Corners
SRS®
Versacor®
Versapanel®
VersaShield®
MW
Versawall®
Trademarks
Allura™
Allusion™
Celestial™
Effects
Intercept™
Kolorhift™
MetalWrap™
Series
MicroLine™
Extrusions
Paradigm™
Prismatic™
Series
Sundance™ Mica
Sundance™
AM
TotalClad™
Patents
Cascade
Patent No.: US D778,465 S
FWDS
Patent Nos.: US 6,253,511; 6,627,128; 6,968,659
Canada 2,351,846
FWGX
Patent Nos.: 7,895,807; 7,678,219
IMV
Patent No.: US 8,661,756
PE Seal Plate
Patent Nos.: US 8,261,499; US 8,474,202
Share
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Register to download the document
Please enter your information below to download a copy of our Investor Presentation or click here for a view-only copy.
First Name:*
Last Name:*
Email:*
Company:*
Register