http://www.saxobank.com/legal/cookie-policy/saxo-cookie-policy
Products
Platforms
Accounts
Inspiration
About
Support
For institutions Login Open account International By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Okay CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 71% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. Show more CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage. 71% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFDs, FX or any of our other products work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Show less
View Legal Menu
Account Forms
Compliance
Other forms and documents
SaxoSelect SaxoSelect DisclaimerRisk disclosure
Security Guidelines
General Business Terms
Protection of Client Funds
Key Information Documents
Disclaimer
Risk Warning
Copyright
Privacy at Saxo Privacy PolicyGDPR Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Cookie Policy
Payment Instructions
Non-independent Investment Research
Saxo Bank Licenses
MiFID
Whistleblowing
Complaints
Inspiration
Saxo Bank Italia Saxo Bank Cookie PolicyWhen data is provided to us, we use it solely for the purposes for which it was provided. Confidential information will not be disclosed to third parties.We recognise that your information is valuable and we take all reasonable measures to protect it whilst in our care.Our cookie policyApart from the additional information provided by this update, the operation of the home.saxo website has not changed or is being modified.The details contained within this page is provided to ensure you are fully aware of the 'cookies' we have in use, allowing you to make an informed choice about your continued acceptance of them.What are cookies?To provide you with a good experience we sometimes place small files known as cookies on your computer. A cookie is a text file made up of letters and numbers that allows us to distinguish your browser/device from another visitor's browsers/device.To learn more about cookies and how to manage them via your browser/device please visit aboutcookies.orgWhat do we use cookies for?Currently across home.saxo and the SaxoTraderGO platform we make use of cookies to help manage the site and your visitor experience. These cookies may be used to collect analytics of non-personal visitor activity outlines, manage personal preferences, provide relevant or timely information to you or offer focused advertisements.Cookies set across our site and trading plaforms, set by our 3rd party partners or us, can be in the form of session or persistent cookies, and may use different technologies, such as JavaScript or Flash.If you would like to 'opt out' of the cookies set by our site and trading platforms, this can be accomplished on a cookie-by-cookie basis subject to browser settings. You may limit site operation or functions if you limit the cookies.View all cookies set by home.saxo
XYour browser cannot display this website correctly.Our website is optimised to be browsed by a system running iOS 9.X and on desktop IE 10 or newer. If you are using an older system or browser, the website may look strange. To improve your experience on our site, please update your browser or system.