http://www.spencerfellows.co.uk/privacy-policy.htm
Home
About Us
Services
Articles
Contact Us
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE
1.     ABOUT US AND THE PURPOSE OF THIS NOTICE
Spencer Fellows & Co Limited is an accountancy and tax advisory firm. The company is registered in England and Wales under number 7553138 and its registered office is at 169 New London Road CM2 0AE.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation and this notice, we are the ‘data controller’ and ‘data processor’. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you. We are required under the Data Protection Legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer is our Data Protection Point of Contact and is responsible for assisting with enquiries in relation to this privacy notice or our treatment of your personal data. Should you wish to contact our Data Protection Point of Contact you can do so using the contact details noted at paragraph 10(Contact Us), below.
2.     THE KIND OF INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU
The information we hold about you may include the following:
your personal details (such as your name and/or address);
details of contact we have had with you in relation to the provision, or the proposed provision, of our services;
details of any services you have received from us;
our correspondence and communications with you;
information about any complaints and enquiries you make to us;
tax information including Unique Tax References, National Insurance Numbers, details of income and expenditure, PAYE details.
3.     HOW WE MAY COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We obtain your personal data directly from you when:
you request a proposal from us in respect of the services we provide;
you engage us to provide our services and also during the provision of those services;
you contact us by email, telephone, post (for example when you have a query about our services);
We may also obtain your personal data indirectly:
from your employer;
from third parties and/or publicly available resources for example, your employer, Companies House or your other advisers such as solicitors, pension consultants and independent financial advisers.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD ABOUT YOU
We may process your personal data for purposes necessary for the performance of our contract with our clients and to comply with our legal obligations. This may include processing your personal data where you are an employee, subcontractor, supplier or customer of our client
We may also process your personal data for the purposes of our own legitimate interests provided that those interests do not override any of your own interests, rights and freedoms which require the protection of personal data.
Please note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Situations in which we will use your personal data
We may use your personal data in order to:
carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us (which will most usually be for the provision of our services) andon the basis of our legitimate interests such as to deal with claims against us.
provide you with information related to our services; and
notify you about any changes to our services.
In some circumstances we may anonymise or pseudonymise the personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use it without further notice to you.
We may also process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in accordance with this notice, where we are legally required or permitted to do so.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it is collected.
When assessing what retention period is appropriate for your personal data, we take into consideration the requirements of our business and the services provided, any statutory or legal obligations and the purposes for which we originally collected the personal data.
Change of purpose
Where we need to use your personal data for a reason, other than the purpose for which we originally collected it, we will only use your personal data where that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your data for a new purpose we will notify you and communicate our legal basis for this new processing.
4.     DATA SHARING
We will share your personal data with third parties where we are required by law, where it is necessary to administer the relationship between us or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so. This may include sharing your personal data with a regulator or to otherwise comply with the law.
“Third parties” includes third-party service providers, in our case IT and cloud services. We only permit our third-party service providers to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions
We may share your personal data with other third parties, for example in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the business. We may also need to share your personal data with a regulator or to otherwise comply with the law.
5.     TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA)
We will not transfer the personal data we collect about you outside of the EEA unless we are requested to do so.
6.     DATA SECURITY
We have put in place commercially reasonable and appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
7.     RIGHTS OF ACCESS, CORRECTION, ERASURE, AND RESTRICTION
Your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Should your personal information change, please notify us of any changes of which we need to be made aware by contacting us, using the contact details below.
Your rights in connection with personal data
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive details of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are processing it lawfully.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this basis. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or another data controller if the processing is based on consent, carried out by automated means and this is technically feasible.
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, please email our data protection point of contact r.harman@spencerfellows.co.uk.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee for the administrative costs of complying with the request if your request for access is manifestly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
8.     RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal data for a specific purpose (for example, in relation to direct marketing that you have indicated you would like to receive from us), you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time.  To withdraw your consent, please email our data protection point of contact r.harman@spencerfellows.co.uk.
Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your personal information (personal data) for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
9.     CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
Any changes we may make to our privacy notice in the future will be updated on our website at: www.spencerfellows.co.uk
This privacy notice was last updated on 12 March 2020.
10.  CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you would like to speak to us about the manner in which we process your personal data, please email r.harman@spencerfellows.co.uk  or telephone Richard Harman on 01245 266831
You also have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues, at any time. The ICO’s contact details are as follows:
Information Commissioner's Office Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF
Telephone - 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745
Website - https://ico.org.uk/concerns
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© Spencer Fellows & Co 2020 all rights reserved · Website Design by 2Dmedia Ltd