http://www.omegaplasticsgroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Read our Covid - 19 Statement
logo
Home
Services
Sectors
About Us
Insights
Get in Touch
Search
Home › Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 the ‘Data Controller’ for this website is Omega Plastics. The privacy and security of our customers is important to us. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information, and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
2. The information we collect and how we use it
If you wish to contact Omega Plastics through this website you must provide us with your name and email address. Any data collected via our contact form is not passed or sold onto any thirds party agencies unless part of the bespoke service provided.
We may wish to provide you with information about special features of our website or any other services, products or information from Omega Plastics that we think may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information, please send an email message to marketing@omega-plastics.co.uk.
Aside from the matters laid out above, your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party save with your consent or as required by a regulatory body or under a court order.
3. Our use of cookies
Omega Plastics employs information gathering technologies (Google Analytics) for the purposes of collecting information and statistics about the users of this site, but such information will not be used to identify any individual. The purpose of gathering such information is to assist us to analyse the use of the website and revise it for the benefit of our clients by making your visit to the site more efficient and to improve and increase the content found to be most popular.
Cookies are used on this website with the use of third party applications like social networking platforms. Cookies are small text files used on the internet for a variety of purposes. We use cookies to make your use of the website more efficient, for example by saving you the trouble of re-entering information. Although the cookie may provide an automated identification of your computer, no personal data is stored in the cookie.
You may adjust your computer’s settings so as to block cookies, to accept or reject cookies from specific websites, or to accept them only on confirmation from you. Because of the wide variety of browsers and operating systems used by our customers we cannot provide detailed instructions for this; however your browser should contain details in its help facility. You should be aware that if you choose to block cookies, the site may not work as efficiently as intended.
4. How we protect your information
The internet is not a secure medium. We have put in place various security measures but you are advised to treat the internet as an insecure medium in all your communications with us. However, payments made through this website are handled using secure socket layer technology or other technology which is at least (if not more) secure than that.
6. Updating your details
If any of the personal information that you have provided to Omega Plastics to change, for example if you change your email address, please advise us by sending an email to marketing@omega-plastics.co.uk.
7. Your consent
By submitting the information referred to above, you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. We may also email you should you make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way. Continued use of the website will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Owing to the global nature of the internet’s infrastructure the information you provide may be temporarily transferred to and stored in countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this policy whilst in transmission.
Occasionally it is necessary for us to change this Privacy Policy, so please remember to check back from time to time.
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us on marketing@omega-plastics.co.uk.
Our Clients
Some of the world's most recognised and established brands trust us to deliver - on spec, and on time:
Our Group
Omega Plastics Group Ltd(Group holding company)
Unit 431 Kingsway South Team ValleyGatesheadNE11 0JL Click here to find us
Company registration no. 05837672
Omega North East Ltdtrading as Omega Plastics
Unit 431 Kingsway South Team ValleyGatesheadNE11 0JL Click here to find us
Company registration no. 03296387
Signal Plastic Components Ltdtrading as Signal Plastics
Unit 33Bentall Business ParkWashingtonTyne & WearNE37 3JD Click here to find us
Company registration no. 08177790
Follow Us
Contact Us
Telephone: 01670 541 890
Email: sales@omega-plastics.co.uk
Get in touch
© 2020 Omega Plastics Group unless stated otherwise
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Delivered by Cargo Creative
Close