http://www.clifbar.com/sales-terms
Terms of Sale
PLEASE READ THESE SALES TERMS, WHICH INCLUDE BY REFERENCE OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND PRIVACY STATEMENT. THESE TERMS CONSTITUTE A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND CLIF BAR & COMPANYLast modified: July 10, 2020
Welcome to Clif Bar online purchasing! We urge you to carefully review these Sales Terms as they contain and incorporate the legal terms and conditions that govern your online purchase of products from us. We hope you find our Sites helpful and informative, and enjoy the products that you purchase here.
1. INTRODUCTION. These Terms of Sale (“Sales Terms”), together with our Terms and Conditions of Use (“Use Terms”) and Privacy Statement incorporated herein by this reference, form the agreement that governs your purchase of products (the “Agreement”) on this website or the mobile version thereof (each or collectively, the “Site”). The Site and its related services and applications is being offered by Clif Bar & Company and its affiliates (“we”, “us”, “our” or “Clif Bar”). We may, in our sole discretion and at any time, modify, suspend or discontinue some of all parts of the Agreement and/or the Site contents. Your use of the Site and/or purchase of one or more products on this Site constitute your acceptance of this legally binding Agreement with Clif Bar and agreement to comply with the Agreement. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our Site. A third party vendor, Shopify, Inc., hosts our online store and provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to offer and sell our products to you.
2. ORDERING. Most orders of in-stock products placed before the cutoff time (12:15 PM Pacific Time) Monday through Friday (excluding major holidays) will ship the same business day. Most orders of in-stock products placed on Saturday or Sunday will ship the next business day. Depending on your ZIP code, you can expect your delivery within 1 to 8 business days from shipment. When your order ships, we’ll e-mail you confirmation with tracking information for your order. Order fulfillment is subject to product availability.
1-2 Day Delivery: CA, AZ, NV, UT
2-3 Day Delivery: WA, OR, ID, MT, WY, CO, NM
3-4 Day Delivery: ND, SD, NE, KS, OK, TX, MN, IA, MO, AR, LA, WI, IL, MI, IN, OH, KY, TN, MS, AL
4-5 Day Delivery: ME, VT, NH, MA, NY, CT, RI, NJ, PA, DE, MD, WV, VA, NC, SC, GA, FL
8 Day Delivery: HI, AK
3. SHIPPING ADDRESS. We currently ship to the 48 contiguous states of the United States, and Alaska and Hawaii. We also ship to P.O. boxes as well as APO/FPO/DPO addresses. We do not currently ship to international locations, United States territories and protectorates.
4. SHIPPING CHARGES. The ground shipping charge in the 48 contiguous states for orders $40 or higher is free, and $7 for orders less than $40.
5. RETURNS AND REFUNDS. We want our customers to be happy with our products. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact Clif Bar Customer Care by phone at 1 (800) CLIFBAR or on our website at www.clifbar.com/contact-us within 30 days of your receipt of the product. Due to the nature of our products, we handle returns on a case-by-case basis, and are committed to making it right. Please have your order number available when you contact us to help expedite your request.
6. PAYMENT METHODS. Our Site currently accepts credit cards issued by Visa, MasterCard and American Express. We also accept PayPal and ShopPay. Your credit card is charged when your order ships. If the credit card issuer does not authorize payment to us for any reason, we are not liable for any delay or non-delivery of your order. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use any payment method you provide in connection with your purchase transaction. By submitting your payment information, you authorize us, and any third party collecting this information on our behalf, to provide your information to third parties to facilitate your requested transaction.
7. CANCELLATIONS. We cannot guarantee requests for changes or cancellations once you submit your order on the Site, because we prioritize promptly processing and shipping your order. Please contact Clif Bar Customer Care by phone at 1 (800) CLIFBAR for assistance if you want to request cancellation or changes to your order.
8. DISCOUNTS AND PROMOTIONS. From time to time we will share current information about our product promotions, sales or discount code offers. We will typically share these updates on our website, in our social media and, subject to our Privacy Statement, via e-mail to individuals we think would be interested in knowing about them.
9. PRICES. Prices for our products are subject to change without notice, however, price changes made after a submitted order will not apply to that order. The product prices on the Site are in U.S. dollars and exclude sales tax, if applicable. No sales tax is charged on food items. If an order includes both non-taxable food items(s) and taxable non-food item(s), for orders to a shipping address within California, applicable California sales tax will be charged on the non-food item(s). If this applies to your order, the final confirmation page will display any applicable sales tax charged.
All prices shown on the site are in U.S. Dollars and are exclusive of applicable sales tax. We reserve the right to change prices at any time without notice to you, provided that any changes made after your order is submitted will not apply retroactively.
The amount of tax charged on your order will depend on the item purchased and the destination of the shipment. Certain items may be exempt from sales tax, depending on state and local laws. The sales tax actually charged will be calculated when your order is shipped and will reflect applicable state and local taxes. If an item is subject to sales tax in the state to which the order is shipped, tax is generally calculated on the total selling price of each individual item, which can include shipping and handling fees.
We collect applicable taxes where we’ve determined we have a duty to. We are not required to, and do not, collect taxes in all states. You may have a duty to directly report and pay taxes if we do not collect such taxes. It’s understood that you are ultimately responsible for any use, ad valorem, and other applicable taxes and fees related to your purchase.
10. PRICE OR DESCRIPTION ERRORS. We endeavor to present all information on the Site accurately, however, we do not warrant or guarantee accuracy, and we are not responsible if product descriptions, specifications, or pricing on our Site is not complete, accurate, reliable, current or error-free. If you become aware of an error, please call it to our attention by contacting Clif Bar Customer Care.
11. RISK OF LOSS. You are solely responsible for providing us with a correct, safe shipping address accessible by common carriers during the Site order checkout process. You hereby release us from any and all liability if the delivery address provided to the Site is incorrect or if you fail to collect the order shipment from the delivery address provided to the Site. Title to, and the risk of loss of, the product(s) ordered transfers to you upon delivery to the delivery address provided to the Site.
12. RESERVED RIGHTS We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order including without limitation orders placed under the same customer account, credit card or using the same billing and/or shipping address. If we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by email or billing contact information provided when the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases you make on the Site. You agree to promptly update your account and other necessary information so that we can complete your purchases and contact you as needed.
Questions or comments regarding our Sites, including reports of non-functioning links, should be submitted using our “Contact Us” form or via U.S. mail to: Clif Bar & Company, 1451 66th Street, Emeryville, CA 94608.