http://www.paydayok.com/privacy-policy/
Paydayok
Select state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
Australia
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
India
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
UK
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Personal Loan Size of
10010 000
Term of Loan
1030
All
Short Term
Personal Loans
Show filter
Show filter
Loan Lenders
Payday Loan
Installment Loan
Cash Loans
Calculators
Blog
Contact us
Privacy Policy: What Users Need To Know
Website users are encouraged to read this privacy policy to learn how we address their personal information. If you’re unable to find the information you need from this page, you are welcome to email us at admin@paydayok.com to have your questions answered right away.
Our visitor’s privacy is extremely important to us, and we take it seriously. We safeguard the site using security protocol. If you see the “HTTPS” in the website’s address and you see a locked icon on the browser, you can feel sure that the site is secure.
Log Files
PayDayOK is similar to other websites in that it using log files to collect information including but not limited to: Internet protocol (IP), Internet provider (ISP), browser type, time stamp, amount of clicks (used to review website trends and attain data about demographics).
The information collected isn’t tied to anything that can personally identify users and isn’t a privacy risk.
External Links
PayDayOk does have links that go back to other sites. We make no promises about their privacy policies or reliability.
Comments
All website comments are the result of visitors on the site. They are responsible for the comments, but we will edit or remove comments that we find distasteful or contains mistakes.
Email Addresses
Your email address will never be sold to a third-party and are kept confidential.
Cookies, Web Beacons
Our site does not use cookies. However, Google AdSense, which is our advertising partner, may use cookies and web beacons on the site.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google AdSense, which is a third-party vendor, does use cookies on the website to display ads.
Google AdSense uses the DART cookie to show users ads that are relevant to the site and other websites they have visited.
Users can cancel the DART cookies by visiting the privacy policy of Google’s ad and content network at http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Ad networks with Google approval may use various technologies to show ads on PayDayOk and show up on your browser. This may cause your IP address information to be sent to that ad network.
Third-party ad networks can use technologies such as web beacons, cookies and JavaScript to determine how useful their ads are and to display content to you, the user. We have no control over the third-party ad network cookies.