https://www.ecommercebytes.com/privacy-policy-terms/
Skip to content
HomeNews
Marketplaces
Payments
Security and Fraud Issues
Selling Tools
Shipping
Tax and Legal Issues
Trends and Shopping Data
Blogs
EcommerceBytes Blog
AuctionBytes Blog
Letters to the Editor
Tools
EKG
Service Ratings
Guides
Auction Calendar
Merchant Directory
Classifieds
Contact Us
Advertise
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
11 Dec, 2020
Latest News
It’s Official: Higher Priority Mail Rates in 2021
eBay Warns of New Wrinkles when Exporting to UK
Amazon Updates Sellers on Marketplace Tax Collection
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
HomeNews
Marketplaces
Payments
Security and Fraud Issues
Selling Tools
Shipping
Tax and Legal Issues
Trends and Shopping Data
Blogs
EcommerceBytes Blog
AuctionBytes Blog
Letters to the Editor
Tools
EKG
Service Ratings
Guides
Auction Calendar
Merchant Directory
Classifieds
Contact Us
Advertise
Search for:
HomePrivacy Policy & Terms
Terms
Steiner Associates LLC, publisher of EcommerceBytes.com and affiliated websites, publishes information for online sellers and our site is intended for adult users only. If you are under the age of 18, do not use our sites or services.
These Terms of Use and Privacy Policy govern your use of EcommerceBytes.com and its sub-domains and affiliated sites as well as our accounts on social networking sites and elsewhere.
By using any or all of the sites, you accept and agree to be bound by these terms and policies. If you do not want to agree to be bound by these terms and policies, do not use the sites.
We prohibit conduct and content that is illegal, offensive, indecent or objectionable. You understand and agree that Steiner Associates LLC may or may not pre-screen content and shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse or move any content submitted to our websites including our classifieds and our merchant directory EveryPlaceISell.com. You also understand and agree that you nonetheless may be exposed to such conduct and/or content and that you use our sites at your own risk.
Steiner Associates LLC services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Steiner Associates LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on our website or on any sites linked to from our websites, including content provided by third-parties in services such as classifieds and the EveryPlaceISell.com merchant directory.
You agree that by registering for any service or feature of our websites including services such as classifieds and the EveryPlaceISell.com merchant directory, we may send you emails in the normal course of business, including reminders to renew your listings, and we may send you periodic emails informing you of updates and announcements.
You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Steiner Associates LLC, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and employees, advertisers or partners, from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of EcommerceBytes.com and its affiliated websites and services, including EveryPlaceISell.com and Steiner Associates LLC services.
Steiner Associates LLC will not sell or give user information to third parties unless we have hired them to perform functions on our behalf, in which case they may not use this information for any other purpose. See our privacy policy below for more information about our use of cookies and third-party cookies.
Steiner Associates LLC will release account and other personal information when it believes release is appropriate to comply with law or in connection with any legal proceedings; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; protect the rights, property, or safety of Steiner Associates LLC, EcommerceBytes.com, our users, or others; and to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Any employee or owner of an ecommerce service, marketplace or payment service commenting on the blogs or forums on EcommerceBytes.com must identify themselves as such or Steiner Associates, LLC reserves the right to do so.
When you use any Steiner Associates LLC/EcommerceBytes.com service, you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms and conditions applicable to such service.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Learn more here. https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/
Specifically, Google (a member of the NAI), as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website. Google uses DoubleClick cookies to enable it to serve ads to users of this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Here is the Privacy Policy for Google Ads and the Google content network. http://www.google.com/privacy_cookies.html Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Click here: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html and see DoubleClick’s policy here: https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
We use a range of services from Google, see “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services” here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
We occasionally provide inline links to books offered for sale on other websites in which we receive a percentage of the sales proceeds from any purchases readers make.
Copyright
All content included on this site and in EcommerceBytes newsletters and services, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips and software, is the property of Steiner Associates LLC/EcommerceBytes.com or its content and software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws, or else is covered by Section 107 of the Copyright Act.
Without the prior written consent of Steiner Associates LLC/EcommerceBytes, you agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, sell, publicly display, publish, post to newsgroups or electronic bulletin boards, or broadcast the content received through the service to anyone, including to others in the same company or organization.
Trademark
EcommerceBytes.com is a registered trademark of Steiner Associates LLC.
Use of Site
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by Steiner Associates LLC/EcommerceBytes.com.
Reviews
Steiner Associates LLC and EcommerceBytes.com enable visitors to post reviews, comments and other content to this site. If you post reviews, comments, or other content on the site, you grant Steiner Associates LLC, EcommerceBytes.com and their affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such reviews, comments, or other content throughout the world in any media. You also grant Steiner Associates LLC, EcommerceBytes.com and their affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other content that you post on this site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other content by Steiner Associates LLC, EcommerceBytes.com and their affiliates will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by Steiner Associates LLC in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, USA. As such, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our site and these disclaimers, terms, and conditions at any time.
DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Steiner Associates LLC ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. Steiner Associates LLC MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Steiner Associates LLC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Steiner Associates LLC WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Our Address:
Steiner Associates LLC
PO Box 668
Natick, MA 01760
http://www.ecommercebytes.com
Privacy Policy
Steiner Associates LLC, publisher of EcommerceBytes.com and affiliated websites, is the controller of your personal information and collects and stores information to keep our sites and services safe and to provide resources to our readers. This site uses technologies including cookies (a small piece of text our site sends to your browser in order for us to remember information about you) for a variety of reasons including the following: to remember your settings and preferences; to customize content and advertising; to provide social media features; and to analyze traffic to the site.
We also share information about your use of our site with our service providers and with our social media, advertising and analytics partners, which use third-party cookies. Third-party cookies travel between your browser and the website of a company that is displaying an ad or buttons our website.
We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which webpages you visit, what you click on, when you perform those actions, what language preference you have. If you arrive at our site from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email), we record information about the source that referred you to us.
Our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type and timestamps.
By using our website, you leave certain data with us, including your IP address. We also collect IP addresses when you correspond with us and fill out forms on our site and otherwise visit or interact with our site. And you provide information to us when using certain features of our website.
Steiner Associates LLC relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you including:
as is necessary to perform and provide services;
where you have consented to the processing, which you may revoke at any time;
for us to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims;
when necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others;
where you have made the information manifestly public;
where necessary in the public interest; and
where necessary for the purposes of Steiner Associates LLC or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members or partners.
We have a legitimate interest to collect and store your data, including your IP address, in order to protect the security of our website, services, and users.
You provide your consent to allow us to process and store your data when you contact us by email or through a website form; request to sign up for our email newsletters; register to leave comments on our website; rate a service; submit a guide; register for other services; and use features such as the search feature, share buttons, and surveys that are provided by us or by third-party services; you should read the individual privacy policies of those third-party services before using them.
We have a contractual interest to collect and store personal and business information you provide to us when you use our services to advertise and/or market your ecommerce business in our directories, classifieds, guides, and certain other services, including your name, business name, email address, physical address, telephone number, payment information, IP address, the sites on which you sell, and other ecommerce identifying information such as User names.
We have a contractual interest to display information you provide to us when you use our services to advertise and/or market your ecommerce business in our directories, classifieds, guides, and certain other services, including your name, business name, email address, physical address, telephone number, the sites on which you sell, and other ecommerce identifying information such as User names.
In some cases we use the information we collect and you provide to us for legitimate interests such as measuring our performance and improving our services.
We will retain your information in our server logs, our databases, and our records as long as we publish EcommerceBytes in order to enforce our agreements and protect the security of our website, services, and users, and to satisfy any legal obligations.
If you disclose personally identifiable information in a public manner on EcommerceBytes sites, this information may be collected and used by others accessing the sites, for which we accept no liability.
We use the services of third-parties, and our websites and social media pages contain links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that EcommerceBytes does not own or control, you should read their individual privacy policies and those of any websites you visit.
We partner with third parties to display advertising on our site, including Google. They may use technologies, such as cookies, to gather information about your activities on our sites and other sites in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
We use a range of services from Google, which uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers. See “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services” here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
We provide sharing functions on our site that allow you to share content through your accounts on other websites, including Facebook, Twitter, Google, and LinkedIn. For further information on how those companies collect and use data, your rights, and further options for protecting your privacy in connection with these services, please see the data protection information available on Facebook.com, Twitter.com, Google.com, and LinkedIn.com.
We work with PayPal to process your payments when you purchases services from our website, be sure to read PayPal’s terms and privacy policy.
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. The EU’s European Commission has published information about those rights on its website Europa.eu. For example, you can request us to correct incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete personal data, or request that your personal data be erased when it’s no longer needed or if processing it is unlawful. You must provide proof of your identity before we will change or release such information.
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en
Your rights vary depending on where you reside and may change over time – you should understand your rights and inform us if you have questions about how we use your data or if you wish to make a request regarding your data that we collect, use, share, dislay and otherwise process. We do not provide legal advice to you or to visitors to our sites.
Questions about privacy and data collection should be directed to:
Ina Steiner <ina@ecommercebytes.com>
Steiner Associates LLC
PO Box 668, Natick, MA USA
Tel. 508-655-5697
Modified on 5/25/2018
Ecommerce EKG
Archive Search
Which marketplace do our readers feel is best? Payment services? Listing Services? Consignment and Wholesale Services?
Rate and review services within the ecommerce industry and let others know how you feel!
Recent CommentsRL15 on How Can eBay Offer USPS Tracking for Under a Buck?PACE306 on How Can eBay Offer USPS Tracking for Under a Buck?paulw on How Can eBay Offer USPS Tracking for Under a Buck?The End on UPS Says It’s Beating Rivals in On-time DeliveryRKTOYS on Bonanza Invites Sellers to Its Sitewide Holiday SaleEcommerce Guides
Share your expertise! By putting your guide on EcommerceBytes, you’re not only building a resource that tens of thousands of sellers use, but you can also gain exposure to your listings on all of your selling venues.
December 2020
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
12345
6789101112
13141516171819
20212223242526
2728293031
« Nov
Sign up Free!
Email Address
How Heard?
NewsFlash
Update
Meta
Register
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS