http://www.sunrisemedical.com/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sunrise Medical (US) LLC ("We" or "Us") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting http://www.sunrisemedical.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of federal and state laws of the United States, the data manager is Sunrise Medical (US) LLC, Our principal place of business is 2842 Business Park Avenue, Fresno, CA 93727.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site http://www.sunrisemedical.com (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, place an order on our site, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, search for a local dealership, submit a product review, request a brochure or product demonstration, ask a general question, reserve a place on a training course, register a product and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description, medical information, product details, information about any business you represent and photograph.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
In order to improve the quality of our website and services as well as to build up profile information about visitors to our web, our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Cookies help us to gauge the amount of people who make use of our facilities and the extent of the repeated usage by registered and unregistered clients. A Cookie assists in identifying, for example, your account number, whether you have visited our website on a previous occasion and what pages on our website are most or least popular.
Most browsers will automatically accept a Cookie but it is possible to set your browser to notify you prior to it being sent and at which point you can accept or reject it. However rejecting the cookie will mean that access to the e-commerce site will be denied.
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data (the registration form);
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
Subject to any applicable state law restrictions, we may share your personal information with any of our subsidiaries or other companies under common ownership with us.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site.
Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Sunrise Medical or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Sunrise Medical, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We do not share, rent, or trade user personal information with third parties for their commercial purposes.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
We place a high importance on ensuring that transactions are secure. Unfortunately however, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at 1-800-333-4000, 1-303-218-4700 (the Chief Privacy Officer), by e-mailing ChiefPrivacyOfficer@sunmed.com or through our contact page.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Your rights, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Sunrise Medical disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, see contact details in the 'Your Rights' section, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collect about you.
Our business of commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact us
To contact us, please email webmaster@sunmed.com or use our Contact Us form.
Thank you for visiting our website
DISCLAIMER: FOR PROFESSIONAL USE ONLY. THIS WEBSITE (AND THE DOCUMENTS REFERENCED HEREIN) DO NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE. Sunrise Medical (US) LLC (“Sunrise”) does not provide clinician services. The information contained on this website (and the documents referenced herein), including, but not limited to, the text, graphics, images, and descriptions, are for informational purposes only and should be utilized as a general resource for clinicians and suppliers to then use clinical reasoning skills to determine optimal seating and mobility solutions for individual patients. No material on this website (or any document referenced herein) is intended to be used as (or a substitute for) professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Never disregard your professional medical training when providing medical advice or treatment because of something you have read on this website (or any document referenced herein). Clinicians should review this (and any other materials) carefully and confirm information contained herein with other sources. Reliance on this website (and the information contained herein) is solely at your own risk.
Country:
Sunrise Medical Group Website
America Latina
Australia
België
Belgique
Canada
Czech Republic
Denmark
Deutschland
España
France
International
Italia
Japan
Middle East
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Schweiz
Sverige
United Kingdom
United States
Change Cookie Settings
Essential
These cookies are enabled by default and are required for basic site functionality. These include cookies that keep track of your session ID when exploring our site and also assist in security and login authentication. See list of cookies
Performance
Social & Advertising
Sunrise Medical uses Cookies
Sunrise Medical asks you to accept cookies to personalize website content and analyse traffic. We also use third-party social media and advertising cookies to offer you social media functionalities and personalized ads on other sites. Do you accept these cookies and any processing of personal data involved?
Change Settings