http://www.checkcity.com/company/privacy-policy/
Check City > Company > Privacy Policy
Cash Advances
Get Cash Now!
Now it’s possible to get cash when you need it with our payday cash advance. Get cash ASAP and pay it back when you get paid.
Check Cashing
Convenient Check Cashing.
Have a check that no one else will cash? Did you forget to cash your paycheck and you need the money now? Cash your check right now with Check City.
Cash for Gold
Did you know Check City buys Gold, Silver, Platinum, and more?
Find a location near you to sell your precious metal today!
Installment Loans
Cash now with flexible payment options.
Get the cash you need, when you need it. Now with more flexible payment options you can pay it back over time.
Business Check Cashing
Are you a business owner seeking immediate cash for supplies, payroll, and payables? Check City cashes checks made payable to your business.
Money Transfers
With Western Union, transfers are easy!
Transfer money around the world. Send or receive money, and the recipient can pick it up at any time with just a photo ID.
Netspend Prepaid Visa
All benefits of a Credit Card and no hassles
You can receive all the benefits of a credit card, without a credit check or bank account with a Check City Netspend Prepaid Debit Card!
Store Customers
Online Payments Now Available!
You read it right! Check City now offers online payments for in-store loans.
Tax Services
Get more back from Uncle Sam!
Our experienced tax professionals will help you take full advantage of your deductions, to help you get back the money that you deserve.
Title Loans
Get the Cash, Keep the Car.
Get a loan today based on the worth of your car. Bring in your car and title and we will assess how much money we can give you today.
Payday Loans
Make Payday Tomorrow!
Cash when you need it is now possible with our payday cash advance. Get money for whatever you need and pay it back when you get paid.
CHECK CITY PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: June 2020
NOTICE
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE PRIVACY POLICY BELOW.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY BELOW, DO NOT ACCESS THIS WEBSITE.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you also agree to our Terms of Use, which also governs your visit to this website and which is incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to CCI Financial, Inc. d/b/a Checkcity.com (“Checkcity.com,” “we,” or “us”).
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to provide you with information about how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the online collection, use, and sharing of personal and other information through this website, https://www.checkcity.com (the “Site”).
Additionally, as a financial institution, the types and categories of personal information we may collect from or about you as a consumer and our uses and sharing of any such information are also controlled by our Privacy Notice.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Information You Provide: We collect information about you (“personal information”) and your use of this Site, some of which may be personally identifiable and some of which may not be personally identifiable.
We collect any information that you provide to us through your access to or use of this Site.
This includes, but is not limited to, your personal information such as:
Real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, account name, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers;
Signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, employment, employment history, partial bank card number, or any other financial information;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (age);
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Biometric information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement;
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information;
Professional (or employment) related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this section to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes; and
Any other information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household.
Personal information includes, but is not limited to, the following if it identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household.
We also collect technical information about your use of the Site, which may include information about your device, web browser, and location.
When you use this Site, your IP address (the Internet Protocol address of your device) is recorded so that we may know how you are using the Site.
Your browser may also automatically provide us with information regarding the type of computing device and operating system you are using.
This information is used by CheckCity.com to monitor and improve this Site.
This Site uses cookies to record user-specific information about the pages you access or actions you take during your visit on this Site.
These cookies do not store or collect any personally identifiable data.
Please see the section below on Tracking Technologies for more information.
INFORMATION USES
We may use the information that we collect from you to:
Provide you with the services or products that we offer on this Site;
Respond to your inquiries, requests, or other service-related purposes;
Communicate with you to administer the Site and our services, including notifying you about any updates, changes, or additions to this Privacy Policy;
Enhance your experience with us, such as tailoring the Site content to your preferences or developing new products or services based on your interactions with this Site;
Send you information about products or services that we think may be of interest to you;
Carry out any specific purposes for which we have obtained your prior consent; or
Conduct any other legitimate business activities not otherwise prohibited by law. We may also use your information for business purposes such as:
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Short-term, transient use, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about you or otherwise alter your experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us; or
Any commercial purposes, including any purpose to advance your commercial or economic interests, such as by inducing you to buy, rent, lease, join, subscribe to, provide, or exchange products, goods, property, information, or services, or enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
INFORMATION SHARING
We may share information about you with relevant and appropriate third parties in the following situations:
To our service providers that perform functions on our behalf;
To protect or enforce our rights or property, to protect your safety or the safety of others, or to investigate, prevent, or take action against fraud or other illegal activities;
In response to legal process or as otherwise required by law;
In the event that CheckCity.com goes through a business transition or corporate transaction, such as a merger, capital investment, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets; or
To conduct any other legitimate business activities not otherwise prohibited by law.
Notwithstanding anything else in the Privacy Policy, we may share aggregate or non-personally identifying information about the users of the Site with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or other business purposes.
We do not sell personal information, and we will not sell personal information except as described in this Privacy Policy or if we provide you with notice and a right to opt-out of such sale.
INFORMATION SECURITY
Check City attempts to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Our servers are protected by reasonable physical and electronic security measures.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
To protect the security of your information, we may require you to authenticate your identity (i.e., prove that you are who you say you are) to conduct certain transactions on this Site.
It is a good idea to protect your security by always closing your web browser after leaving the Site.
If you believe that information that you have submitted through the Site has been used without your permission to engage in any unauthorized activity, you must tell us immediately.
The best way of keeping your possible losses to a minimum is to call us at (866)-258-4672.
If you fail to notify us, you may be liable for all unauthorized activity on your account.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
This Site may display links to third-party websites.
By including a link to third-party websites, CheckCity.com does not endorse or recommend any products or services offered or information contained at the third-party websites.
CheckCity.com disclaims liability for any privacy practices of the third-party websites linked on this Site, which may have a privacy policy different from that of CheckCity.com.
If you decide to visit a third-party website via a link displayed on this Site, you do so at your risk.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
In addition to the information you provide, CheckCity.com may also collect information during your visit to this Site through our online tracking technologies, which include cookies, web beacons, digital fingerprints, embedded Web links, and other information-gathering tools.
These tools collect certain traffic information that your browser automatically sends, such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived.
They may also collect information about your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, click stream behavior (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the website or “powered by” websites) and product information.
For example, some pages on the website use cookies so that Check City can better serve you when you return to the website.
For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Information from these tracking technologies allow us to measure website activity and to create ideas for improving the Site, which may include the time and length of your visit, pages viewed, previously visited websites, and your Internet service.
We, or our third-party providers, may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site.
For example, we use Google Analytics to generate statistical and other information about the use of this Site by means of cookies.
To learn more about Google’s privacy policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
You can also learn more about how to opt out of the collection and processing of such information by Google by visiting this website: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
This Site also uses Mouseflow: a website analytics tool that provides session replay, heatmaps, funnels, form analytics, feedback campaigns, and similar features/functionality. Mouseflow may record your clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, form fills (keystrokes) in non-excluded fields, pages visited and content, time on site, browser, operating system, device type (desktop/tablet/phone), screen resolution, visitor type (first time/returning), referrer, anonymized IP address, location (city/country), language, and similar meta data. Mouseflow does not collect any information on pages where it is not installed, nor does it track or collect information outside your web browser. If you’d like to opt-out, you can do so at https://mouseflow.com/opt-out. If you’d like to obtain a copy of your data, make a correction, or have it erased, please contact us first at 866-258-4672 or, as a secondary option, contact Mouseflow at privacy@mouseflow.com.
For more information, see Mouseflow’s Privacy Policy at http://mouseflow.com/privacy/. For more information on Mouseflow and CCPA, visit https://mouseflow.com/ccpa.
In addition to session based cookies, Check City utilizes third party cookies from vendors that have been thoroughly vetted for analytics and marketing purposes. These third party cookies help us better analyze and customize our users experience as well as deliver interest based and retargeting advertisements on websites throughout the Internet.
These third parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Site.
You have the right to opt out of behavioral and interest based marketing.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
In addition to opting out of cookies directly through your browser, you can view and opt out of all cookies that are currently on your browser by visiting the following websites: http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
However, please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain features on the Site.
Even if you disable tracking, keep in mind that you may still receive interest-based advertising, including from third parties with whom your information had been previously disclosed, or advertising from third parties that is not based on your interests and preferences.
This Site does not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.
AGE RESTRICTIONS
This Site is not intended for use by children or minors.
We do not knowingly solicit information from children, and we do not knowingly market to children.
We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
Please notify us immediately if you believe that we may have collected personal information from a child, so that we can delete such information.
We do not sell the personal information of California consumers that are less than 16 years of age, unless the consumer (in the case of consumers between 13 and 16 years of age) or the consumer’s parent or guardian (in the case of consumers who are less than 13 years of age) has affirmatively authorized the sale of the consumer’s personal information.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents have the right to:
Request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which the business has collected from the consumer.
Request that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer, free of charge, the following:
The categories of personal information that it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
Request that a business that sells the consumer’s personal information, or that discloses it for a business purpose disclose, free of charge, to the consumer:
The categories of personal information that the business collected about the consumer.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
Direct a business that sells personal information about the consumer to third parties not to sell the consumer’s personal information.
If you are a California resident, you may submit a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act through the following methods:
You may call us toll-free at (866) 258-4672.
You may email us at compliance@checkcity.com.
To submit a request, we are required to verify your identity.
Please be prepared to provide us with your name, a copy of your valid government issued ID, a telephone number or email address. We will match the personal information that you provide to us with personal information that we already maintain about you in order to verify your identity.
We may also need to contact you to confirm your request.
You may also designate an authorized agent to make such requests on your behalf by emailing a signed power of attorney to us at compliance@checkcity.com.
We may not be able to honor each request that we receive, but if we are unable to do so, we will respond to let you know our reasons.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise any of your rights as described in this section.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you.
Unless otherwise stated, any modifications to this Privacy Policy will go into immediate effect after they have been posted, as indicated by the “Last Updated” date located at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this Site indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy posted at the time of use.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 866-258-4672.
Apply Now Or Call 1-800-404-0254
Find A Location | Rates and Fees | Contact Us |
Wireless
Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy |
© 2004-2020 Check City Online. All Rights Reserved.