http://www.marcon-marketing.com/privacy/
888-746-2684
Home
Plastics Division
Display Division
Products
Request Information
Privacy
Related Categories
Home
Display Division
Plastics Division
Products
Privacy
Find Your Solution...
Have an idea? Let us form your solution. Request information below.
Request Information
First Name
Last Name
E-mail
Company
Privacy Policy
MARCON is committed to protecting the privacy of our website users. Our privacy policy covers any visitor to our website, including current and prospective patients.
This privacy policy applies specifically to information collected from this website and how it will be utilized for marketing and patient recruitment purposes.
Information Collected
MARCON collects various types of information through this website.
MARCON may use information collected through cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes. No information which personally identifies site visitors will be collected through the cookies. Visitors can set their browsers to block and/or notify themselves of a cookie's presence.
Personally identifiable information may be collected when the website user provides the information in response to an advertisement, a request for Information, or when registering for our services.
Information Uses
We will not sell, rent or lease personal information to others. We may collect, use and disclose personal information for the following purposes:
to analyze how the website is being accessed and used
to improve site performance and delivery
to respond to user-initiated inquiries
to determine eligibility or when registering for our services or payment
to provide requested products and services
for our internal marketing purposes, which includes, but is not limited to, sending material about products, services, updates, etc. that we think may be of interest
for sharing with our Business Associates who are performing services on our behalf
to maintain business records for reasonable periods
and/or as may be required or permitted by legal, regulatory, industry self-regulatory, insurance, audit, or security requirements applicable to the Business, our Partners, or our Business Associates.
for displaying ads or other content related to your visit to this site, which includes:
third party vendors, including Google, show targeted ads on sites on the internet.
third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy/ads.
Your Rights and Choices
You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information at any time, subject to contractual, medical, legal or technical restrictions and reasonable notice.
At any time, if you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you may express your choice where indicated on the applicable email or other communication.
Other Important Information
We will take commercially reasonable measures to secure and store your information to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Information under our control.
MARCON may update this policy or revise it from time to time. If the website user is concerned about how personal information is used or disclosed, the user should contact us as described below or check back at this website periodically to obtain a current copy of this Privacy Policy.
External Links
The MARCON Website may contain links to other websites belonging to alliance partners, clients, and other sites of interest to our users. MARCON does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. Should users depart the MARCON site, it is recommended they read all relevant privacy policies.
How to Contact Us or Access Your Information
If you want to access, wish to update, or have any questions about your Personal information and our privacy practices, please contact:
MARCON Privacy Officer
Email: info@marcon.com ATTN: Privacy Officer
©2014, MarCon 500 NW Platte Valley Dr • Riverside, MO • 64150
Blow Molding
/ Injection Molding
/ Thermoforming
/ Plastics Division
/ Display Division
/ Products
Home
/ Request Information
/ Privacy
888-746-2684