https://www.cryptrecords.com/business_terms/
My account
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Cart (0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Your language
english
german
Categories
Toggle Navigation
Home
Records & CDs
RECENT NEW ARRIVALSCRYPT RELEASES50s RHYTHM & BLUESBLUES/ R&B/ SOULrepro 45s60s PUNK/ BEAT/ PSYCHE60s GARAGE repro 45s!WEIRDNESS/ EXOTICA /TRASH1970—NOW, Features1970s - NOW - limited stockINSTRUMENTALS/ SURF50s ROCKABILLYROCKABILLY repro 45s!BUFFALO BOPCOUNTRY & WESTERN / CAJUN60s & early 70s SOUL & FUNKVampisoulNORTHERN SOULGIRLS!ACE RecordsNORTON Recordsshow allBooks & MagazinesT-Shirts & Merch
Home
Business Terms
General Terms and Conditions and Refund and Returns Policy
§ 1 Area of Validity
(1) The following terms of business form part of each contract between CRYPT RECORDS GMBH, Julius-Leber-Str 20, 22753 Hamburg, Germany, represented by its owners Tim Warren and Dirk Johannsen, located at the aforementioned address, and the customer.
(2) CRYPT RECORDS GMBH carries out its services exclusively on the basis of these terms and conditions.
§ 2 Conclusion of a Contract
(1) The point of presentation of the goods, in particular on the internet, does not yet represent a binding contractual agreement from CRYPT RECORDS GMBH.
(2) A contract is concluded as soon as written order confirmation has been sent from CRYPT RECORDS GMBH.
§ 3 Data Protection
With regards to data protection, the following Privacy Policy is used by CRYPT RECORDS GMBH: Privacy Policy
§ 4 Terms of Delivery
(1) Unless otherwise agreed, delivery takes place from stock.
(2) If CRYPT RECORDS GMBH is forced to incur additional delivery costs relating to receiving a false delivery address or a false addressee/recipient, these costs must be reimbursed by the customer, unless he is not responsible for the incorrect information being transmitted.
§ 5 Payment Conditions
(1) The purchase price is due as soon as the contract has been concluded. You can pay easily and conveniently by PayPal transfer or bank remittance.
- Payment by PayPal
- Payment by bank remittanceOnce you have placed your order, you will receive an order conformation featuring all details of your order, as well as our bank data. Please note that high banking fee may occur for remittances from outside the European Monetary System. All banking fee have to be carried by the customer. We recommend you to talk to your bank agent first.
- Payment by Visa- or MastercardPlease send your card details by fax (+49 40 - 433 065) or call them in (+49 40 - 415 49667)
(2) All prices should be understood as end customer (retail) prices, which include the statutory VAT amount and exclude shipping costs.
(3) Providing no other agreement has been made, all shipping costs, especially postage and packaging, transport costs and deliveries carried out are to be met by the customer. All prices and additional costs will be calculated according to the presented price lists.
(4) The customer is only entitled to off-set charges if the counter-claim is undisputed or are established by force of law.
§ 6 Transfer of Ownership
The goods remain the property of CRYPT RECORDS GMBH until payment has been received in full.
§ 7 Guarantee
Guarantees are regulated within the framework of the applicable legal provisions.
§ 8 Cancellation Policy
Right to cancel
You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the day on which you acquire, or a third party other than the carrier and indicated by you acquires, physical possession of the goods.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us (CRYPT RECORDS GMBH, Julius-Leber-Str 20, 22753 Hamburg, Germany, via e-mail: cryptrecords@hamburg.de) of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail).
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
Effects of withdrawal
If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest.
You shall send back the goods or hand them over to
CRYPT Records GmbH
Julius-Leber-Str 20
Souterrain
22765 Hamburg
without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate your withdrawal from this contract to us. The deadline is met if you send back the goods before the period of 14 days has expired.
We will bear the cost of returning the goods.
You are only liable for any diminished value of the goods resulting from the handling other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods.
Premature expiration of the right of withdrawal
The right of withdrawal expires prematurely in the case of contracts for the delivery of sealed goods which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygiene reasons and were unsealed after delivery.
End of the cancellation policy information.
The following statements shall not affect the legal regulations:
When returning parcels, please include a copy of your delivery note so that your refund can be processed quickly and efficiently by PayPal. If you paid by bank transfer, please kindly let us know your IBAN and BIC codes.
Please be aware that if you wish to return only a part of the order delivered, any volume discounts initially awarded will no longer be valid and these shall therefore be deducted from the amount refunded.
.
§ 9 Liability Limitations
(1) With the exception of injuries to life, body and health and the violation of significant contractual duties (the delivery and bill of sale), CRYPT RECORDS GMBH is only liable for damages which were caused by deliberate or grossly negligent content. This also applies to indirect consequential damages, in particular loss of profit.
(2) The liability is limited to typically foreseeable damages at the time of the conclusion of the contract, but only up to the amount of average damages which are typical to a contract, with the exception of intention or gross negligence or damages due to the injury of life, body and health and the violation of essential contractual obligations (cardinal obligations). This also applies to indirect consequential damages, in particular loss of profit.
(3) The limitation of liability of paragraphs 1 and 2 shall also apply for the employees and agents of CRYPT RECORDS GMBH.
(4) Liability claims according to the Product Liability Law remain unaffected.
§ 10 Final Provisions
(1) The law of the Federal Republic of Germany is valid with the exception of the UN law of purchase. Agreements required by the state in which the customer usually resides remain intact.
(2) Should any provision of this contract be invalid or not comply with the legal requirements, the remaining provisions shall be valid. The invalid provision will be substituted by an agreement of the parties concerned which corresponds more closely to the economic sense and purpose of the invalid provision and has legal effect. The above rule holds by analogy in the case of omissions in the contract regulations.
© 2015 CRYPT RECORDS
Home
Product categories
My account
Info
Search
My Account
Cart
Search
Menue