https://www.larsonjuhl.com/en-US/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Effective on Aug 1, 2019
At Larson-Juhl, we believe in being clear and open about how we collect and use data related to you. In the spirit of transparency, this policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies. This cookie policy applies to any Larson-Juhl product or service that links to this policy or incorporates it by reference.
Does Larson-Juhl use cookies?
Yes. As described in our Privacy Policy, we use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses LarsonJuhl online products has the best possible experience. Cookies also help us keep your account safe. By continuing to visit or use our services, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this policy.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file placed onto your device that enables Larson-Juhl’s digital features and functionality. For example, cookies enable us to identify your device, secure your access to Larson-Juhl and our sites generally, and even help us know if someone attempts to access your account from a different device. Cookies also enable you to easily share content on Larson-Juhl Website and help us serve relevant content to you.
When does Larson-Juhl place cookies?
We use cookies on our sites such as larsonjuhl.com and global.larsonjuhl.com. Any browser visiting these sites will receive cookies from us.
What types of cookies does Larson-Juhl use?
We use two types: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user, so it’s easier to return to Larson-Juhl or interact with our services without signing in again. After you sign in, a persistent cookie stays in your browser and will be read by Larson-Juhl when you return to one of our sites. Session cookies only last for as long as the session (usually the current visit to a website or a browser session).
What are cookies used for?
Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit any of the Larson-Juhl sites, remember your preferences, and give you a personalized experience that’s in line with your settings. Cookies also make your interactions with Larson-Juhl faster and more secure. Additionally, cookies allow us to bring you personalized content which drives relevant information that is important to you.
Categories of Use
Description
Authentication
If you’re signed into Larson-Juhl sites, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.
Security
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our User Agreement.
Preferences, features and services
Cookies can tell us which language you prefer and what your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on Larson-Juhl sites more easily. They also provide you with features, insights, and customized content.
Performance, Analytics and Research
Cookies help us learn how well our sites perform in different locations. We also use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including when you access any of our sites from other websites, applications, or devices such as your work computer or your mobile device.
What third-party cookies does Larson-Juhl use?
Below is some of the third party cookies on our sites. Please note that the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time.
Domain
Cookie Name
Description
Expiration
Third party
drt
Google Analytics
1 day
Third party
_ga
Google Analytics
< 1 day
Third party
test_cookie
Tests for cookie setting permissions for Google Analytics
1 day
Third party
id
ID for Google Analytics
2 years
Third party
_mkto_trk
Marketo Tracking
1 day
Third party
Logglytrackingsession
Loggly event error tracking
1 day
Controlling cookies
Most browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized settings like login information.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org, or www.aboutcookies.org.
Other helpful resources
To learn more about advertisers’ use of cookies the following links may be helpful:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
Internet Advertising Bureau (US)
Internet Advertising Bureau (EU)
Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera
Opera Mobile
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
©2020 Larson-Juhl | A Berkshire Hathaway Company
Privacy Policy