http://www.brand-rex.com/en/company/legal-notices/privacy-policy
DataSheet-DownloadArrow-V2DoP-DownloadArrow-V2full_screen_iconUntitled-2
Privacy Policy
Home
Company
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Leviton is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Leviton.com/ns/emea website and governs data collection and usage by Leviton. By using the Leviton.com/ns/emea website, you acknowledge that you have been informed of the data practices described in this statement.
Last updated: January 2020
1. FOR USERS RESIDING IN OR CITIZENS OF THE EU ONLY
You have the right to request from Leviton information about your personal data that is being processed by us, erasure of your personal data, and to object to or restrict the processing of your personal data for certain purposes (such as direct marketing).
To make such a request, send an email to EU.Marketing@Leviton.com and include your first and last name, address, in what capacity you have interacted with Leviton online, and include “GDPR Personal Data Request” in the subject line.
2. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Leviton is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you, your computer or your device interact with one of Leviton's websites, including www.leviton.com and www.leviton.com/ns/emea. By accessing our website, you acknowledge and fully understand this Privacy Policy and that you have been informed about the information collection and use practices described herein.
3. PARTICIPATING MERCHANT AND THIRD-PARTY VENDOR POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy policies that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in the services offered on our websites are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal data or complete any transaction with such parties.
4. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
When you use or connect to a Leviton website through your computer or a mobile device, Leviton may collect certain information from and about its users in a few ways: directly from our web server logs, from the User, with the aid of cookies, with web beacons, and through the use of website analytics through a third-party service provider. The type of information that gets collected depends on the section of our site that the user accesses. A large portion of our website can be accessed by the general public without a need to share any kind of personal information. In those areas of the site, the information collected may include IP (Internet Protocol) address, domain name, session length, etc. This information, of anonymous nature, allows Leviton to measure the performance of its website, and come up with possible improvements for it. Leviton may use this type information, which does not reveal the user identity, in whatever fashion it deems necessary. Visitors to our website can register to create an account, access the website, and download Software. When you register for an account, we will request some personal information such as your name, address, e-mail, telephone number or fax number, location, and other relevant information. Leviton will not resell or share this information with any outside entity unless that’s required in order for us to comply with a law, or a court order, or to protect our vital business interests. Leviton is committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorised access by having various administrative and technology safeguards in place. Any page at our site that asks you for sensitive information is highly secure. Most browsers will show a lock icon in the bottom status bar on secure pages. Look for this icon on any web page that asks for sensitive information. Any other communication you transmit to the website, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, will not be encrypted or otherwise secured or treated confidentially.
4.1 Web Server Logs
When you visit our website, we may track information through web server logs to better administer the site and analyse its usage. Examples of information we may track include but is not limited to your Internet Protocol address, the type of browser or computer you use, the number of links you click within the website, the geographical location from which you accessed it, the date and time of your visit, the name of your Internet service provider, any web pages you linked to our Website from, and pages you viewed on the website.
4.2 Use of Cookies
Leviton may use cookies to personalise or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server to identify that specific user the next time he or she visits the website. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalise a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information, as well as providing personalised functionality. We do not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as integrating another site that relies on third-party cookies into the existing website).
4.3 Modifying cookie settings
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time. If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalised services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the website features (i.e. you will be able to browse the site but will not be able to make a purchase).
5. NOTICE ON DISCLOSURE OF USER PERSONAL INFORMATION
Leviton reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with its affiliates and strategic partners to help enhance its service offerings but does not sell identifiable personal information to third party marketing companies. Personal User information collected by or submitted to Leviton shall not be disclosed to any third parties without your permission, unless such information: (i) is to fulfill your service requests; (ii) is required to be disclosed by law, regulation, legal process, or law enforcement or government regulatory authorities, in which case we shall give you as much advance notice as is reasonably practicable in order to allow you to limit or restrict to such disclosure; or (iii) is required to be disclosed in order for us to protect our legal rights or defend against liability; or (iv) in connection with a company reorganisation, merger, acquisition, or sale.
6. INTERNET BASED DATA TRANSFER
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing this website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this manner.
7. UNDER 13 POLICY
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Leviton may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the "updated" date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to regularly review this privacy policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect your personal data. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates.
9. CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding the security of our website, our Privacy Policy, or our information collection and dissemination practices, please contact us at EU.Marketing@Leviton.com.
Knowledge Center
Click here
Warranties
Learn More
Need Help?
Contact Us
Main Menu
Products
Copper Systems
Fiber Systems
Cable Management
Intelligent Systems
Make-to-Order Products
Solutions
CPR-Rated Cable
Data Centers
Smart Buildings
Power Over Ethernet
Industries
High Performance Cabling
Support
Contact Us
Certified Network Integrators
Find a Spec Engineer
Support Library
Knowledge Center
Company
About Us
Legal Notices
Country Resources
Solutions
Industries
Data Centers
Education
Health Care
Airports
Financial Services
Retail
Support
Support Library
Articles
Brochures and Guides
Case Studies
Catalogs
Newsletters
Policies and Certificates
Product and System Datasheets
Tech and App Notes
Videos
Webinars
White Papers
Support Library
Product and System Datasheets
Copper Cable
Copper Connectivity
Copper System
Fiber Cable
Fiber Connectivity
SmartPatch
High Performance
Company
About Us
About
COVID-19 Statement
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
Press & Events
Office Locations
About Us
Corporate Social Responsibility
Becoming Carbon Neutral
Giving Back
Our People
Company
Legal Notices
Bribery and Anti-Corruption
Corporate Tax Evasion
EU Trade Restrictions
Gender Pay Gap
General Data Protection Regulation
Leviton UK Tax Strategy
Modern Slavery & Human Trafficking
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Company
Country Resources
France
Germany
Italy
Portugal
Russia
Spain