https://www.core77.com/terms?utm_source=navigation
Terms - Core77
Core77
e
Sign In / Join Now
e
Topics
Core77 Guides
Product Design
Tools
Furniture
Technology
Process
Lifestyle
Business
News
Transportation
Education
Impact
Reference
Video
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Subscribe
Features
Features
Designing Women
Getting Hired
Design Files
True I.D. Stories
In the Details
Photo Galleries
Bizarre Inventions
Questionnaire
Hand Tool School
Tools & Craft
Awards
Awards
2020 Core77 Design Awards Results;
Careers
Careers
Design Jobs;
Talent Search;
Design Salaries;
Firms
Firms
Search Firms;
Firm Projects
Forums
Forums
General Discussion
Students & Schools
Design Employment
Sketching
Software & Technology
All Forums
More...
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
About
Terms of Use
My Account
My Account
Sign In / Join Now
Follow Us
)
m
Y
'
S
Search
e
Core77 is supported by its audience. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more
Terms of Use
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the www.core77.com website (the “Service”) operated by Core77, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Communications
By creating an Account on our service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send. However, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Content
Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material (“Content”). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.
You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third party posts on or through the Service. However, by posting Content using the Service you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use your Content subject to these Terms.
Core77, Inc. has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit all Content provided by users.
In addition, Content found on or through this Service are the property of Core77, Inc. or used with permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said Content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content in our sole discretion.
Copyright Policy
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes on the copyright or other intellectual property rights (“Infringement”) of any person or entity.
DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims
Core77 is an online service provider as defined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We provide legal copyright owners with the ability to self-publish on the internet by uploading, storing and displaying various media utilizing our services. We do not monitor, screen or otherwise review the media which is uploaded to our servers by users of the service. We take copyright violation very seriously and will vigorously protect the rights of legal copyright owners. If you are the copyright owner of content which appears on the Core77 website and you did not authorize the use of the content you must notify Core77 in writing in order for us to identify the allegedly infringing content and take action.
In order to more easily facilitate the process we can provide a form for your use, please use our contact page to request one. Alternatively you may make a written notice via email, facsimile or postal mail to the DMCA AGENT as listed below. Your written notice must include the following:
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner which expressly claims an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed.
Specific identification of the copyrighted work which you are alleging to have been infringed. If you are alleging infringement of multiple copyrighted works with a single notification you must submit a representative list which specifically identifies each of the works that you allege are being infringed.
Specific identification of the location and description of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity with enough detailed information to permit Core77 to locate the material. You should include the specific URL or URLs of the web pages where the allegedly infringing material is located.
Information reasonably sufficient to allow Core77 to contact the complaining party which may include a name, address, telephone number and electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Our designated copyright agent to receive DMCA Notices is:
Copyright Manager
Core 77, Inc.
561 Broadway, 6B
New York,
NY
10012
USA
Please also note that under applicable law, 17 U.S.C. 512(f), any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Core77, Inc. and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Core77, Inc..
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Core77, Inc..
Core77, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Core77, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Core77, Inc. and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Core77, Inc., nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Core77, Inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
More from Core77
About
Contact
Advertising
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Masthead
Eric Ludlum
Editorial Director
Stuart Constantine
Publisher
Allan Chochinov
Editor at Large
N. Rain Noe
Senior Editor
Allison Fonder
Senior Producer
Deb Aldrich
Advertising & Sponsorships
Laura Des Enfants
Advertising & Sponsorships
K
{
Welcome
YSign In with Facebook
mSign In with Twitter
USign In with Linkedin
OR
jSign In with Core77 Account
Username
Password
Forgot password?
Keep me signed in
Cancel
Don't have an account? Join Now
K
{
Welcome
Create a Core77 Account
YJoin Now with Facebook
mJoin Now with Twitter
UJoin Now with Linkedin
OR
jJoin Now with Email
Email Not Public
Username
Password
Confirm Password
Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In
By creating a Core77 account you confirm that you accept the Terms of Use
K
Reset Password
Please enter your email and we will send an email to reset your password.
Email
Cancel
© 2020 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms
Privacy Policy
Contact
Advertise
About
)
m
Y
'
S
© 2020 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved.
r
Join over 240,000 designers who stay up-to-date with the Core77 newsletter.
Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe
Subscribe
Our website uses cookies to enhance the site operation and understand traffic and website performance. Learn more. Accept Cookies