http://www.lncurtis.com/help-center
HomeHelp Center (FAQ)Help CenterFrequently Asked Questions (FAQs)OrderingHow can I track the status of my order?Please contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469.How do I change or cancel my order?Please contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 immediately if you need to change or cancel your order. Please be advised that some orders are shipped very soon after placement, and it may not always be possible to change or cancel.Why is my item on backorder?Items that are not available to ship when an order is placed are on backorder and will ship at a later date. Please note that while your credit card will be authorized on the date your order is placed, you will not be charged until the item ships. We will provide you with an approximate ship date for your item(s) at the time you make your selection. Please be aware that backorder dates are approximate and subject to change. We will provide you with backorder updates by email.I can't find the item I'm looking for. How can I search for it?Try entering a keyword, phrase or item number into the Search box at the top right of any page, then click Search. Narrow your results with the filters provided on the left side of the search results page.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?The L.N. Curtis & sons online customer support team is happy to help. Call L.N. Curtis & sons at 1-877-488-0469 from 8:00am – 5:00pm PST Monday thru Friday or email us.How do I receive a quotation prior to placing an order?The L.N. Curtis & sons online customer support team is happy to help. Call L.N. Curtis & sons at 1-877-488-0469 from 8:00am – 5:00pm PST Monday thru Friday or email us. To find contact information for your local L.N. Curtis & sons team click here. How do I redeem a promotion code?During checkout, enter the promotion code. Please note only one promotion code may be used per order.PaymentWhat methods of payment do you accept online?Credit Cards: Visa, MasterCard and American Express. Please note that your credit card will not be charged until the items in your order are shipped. In some cases, because not all items may ship together, you will see more than one charge on your credit card.Credit Card Authorization: Please note that when attempting to place an order on LNCurtis.com, a temporary authorization hold may be placed on your credit card. Please be assured, this is not an actual charge and this authorization hold will be removed within 48 hours of your items being shipped. It is up to your credit card issuing bank as to when you will see the authorization hold drop-off.How do I receive a copy of my purchase receipt?Purchase receipts will be sent to your email as order confirmation from us, please contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 for an additional copy if needed or email us.Shipping & DeliveryHow do I track my order once it ships?Shipping notifications will be emailed to you when your order leaves an L.N. Curtis & sons facility or a third party supplier’s facility. The shipping notification will include a tracking number. Just click on the tracking number link and it will take you to the shipping carrier website which will display the delivery information.How do you calculate shipping charges?Shipping charges are calculated based on the shipment weight, dimensions, destination zip code and shipment method selected.Can I expedite my shipping?Yes, the following shipping options are available during checkout:Standard Shipping and Handling1-Business Day Shipping and Handling2-Business Day Shipping and Handling3-Business Day Shipping and HandlingExpedited shipping might not be available for shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, U.S. Territories, PO Boxes or Military APO/FPO addresses. If expedited shipping is needed and you are not able to select the shipping method you need during checkout, please contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 or email us. How long will it be before I receive my order?For standard shipping, orders for product that are in stock at L.N. Curtis & sons will generally be delivered within 5 business days depending on the delivery destination zip code. Items that are out-of-stock will be shipped as soon as they are available directly from L.N. Curtis & sons or directly from a third party supplier. Products that are not in stock at time of purchase will be identified. Once shipped, these orders will generally be delivered within 5 business days depending on the delivery destination zip code.Do you ship internationally?We do not ship to international locations other than U.S. Territories and Military APO/FPO addresses.Privacy & SecurityWhat are your terms & conditions?Please visit our Terms & Conditions page. What is your privacy policy?Please visit our Privacy Policy page. Returns & RefundsFor complete Return and Refund information, visit Returns & RefundsHow do I return or exchange a product?As soon as you have identified a need to return or exchange a product, contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 from 8:00am – 5:00pm PST Monday thru Friday or email us. Product must be returned in new, unused condition. Some products are not returnable. If I return a product and am due a refund, how will I be refunded?All refunds are issued via original payment method.Product Information & CareWho do I contact for service or repair of a product?We have a professional service team that specializes in services for SCBA, Breathing Air Compressors and Extrication Tools: Curtis Care. We are also equipped to facilitate service on products through third party suppliers. For all service and repair questions, you may contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 or email us. You may also reach out to your local L.N. Curtis & sons service center for assistance: Contact Us. Where can I find warranty information for your products?Please contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 or email us. Where can I find care and use guides for your products?Please contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 or email us. Where can I find specifications for your products?Specifications can be found on the product detail pages. If a product detail page does not include the specifications that you need, please contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 or email us. About L.N. Curtis & sonsHow long have you been in business?We have proudly supported emergency responders since 1929. We are dedicated and committed to you, our hero customer, with high quality, integrity and service in every interaction: About Us. I am a big fan of technology, but I’d really like to speak with someone from your company. How do I reach you by phone or in-person?We’d appreciate the opportunity to speak with you. Our team members are excited and ready to assist you: Contact Us. The L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team can be reached at 1-877-488-0469 or email us.Who is my outside sales representative?All outside representatives can be found here at Contact Us, or you may contact the L.N. Curtis & sons Customer Support Team at 1-877-488-0469 or send us an email. I work for the United States Government. Do you have any special programs for U.S. Government customers?Yes, we have a team dedicated to the U.S. Government and they are ready to assist you: U.S. Government Agencies. What product brands do you sell?We sell products from hundreds of the leading brands: Fire Product Brands. Do you have product catalogs?Yes, we have L.N. Curtis & sons catalogs that are ready for download and printing: Catalogs. Where can I find you communicating on social media?You can find us on Facebook, Google+ and Twitter. Do you support industry associations?Absolutely! We are proud to support many associations and hold memberships in multiple industry organizations.I have passion for supporting heroes. How do I apply to become part of the L.N. Curtis & sons team?Career opportunities are posted on a regular basis: Careers. We’d love to hear from you. Feel you’ve exhausted all resources and would like ownership to help resolve a problem?Email our ownership team. Have questions not covered above?The L.N. Curtis & sons online customer support team is happy to help. Contact us at 1-877-488-0469 from 8:00am – 5:00pm PST Monday thru Friday or send us an email.
Help Center
Help Center (FAQ)
Ordering
Order Status
Cancel/Change Order
Backorders
Product Search
Quotations
Promotion Codes
Payment
Credit Cards
Credit Card Authorization
Purchase Receipt
Shipping & Delivery
Shipment Tracking
Shipping Charges
Expedited Shipping
Shipment Delivery
International Shipping
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Returns & Refunds
Returns & Exchanges
Refunds
Product Information & Care
Service & Repairs
Warranties
Care & Use Guides
Specifications