http://www.river-capital.com/index.php/site/page?view=privacy
Home
About Us
Overview
Role
Network
Criteria
Value
Representative Investments
Current Portfolio
Previous Portfolio
Geographic Coverage
Our Team
Jerry Wethington
Bryan Wethington
Angela Kennedy
Frank Hulse (in memoriam)
News
Recent
Archive
Contact Us
Directions
Home » About
Overview
Role
Network
Criteria
Value
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets forth guidelines concerning how River Capital, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates “River Capital”, “us”, “we” or “our”) gathers and uses information about your interaction with this website (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy concerns only this Site, and does not concern any website to which this site may link.
This Privacy Policy seeks to help you understand whether and how we collect information about you when you visit the Site, and how we use such information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and consult our Terms of Use for more information about the general terms and conditions regarding your use of this Site.
In the event that you have any questions or concerns about the guidelines set forth in this Privacy Policy please contact us at info@river-capital.com or 4200 Northside Parkway, Building 14, Suite 250, Atlanta, GA 30327.
A. The Types of Information We Collect About You
When you visit and browse the Site, we may collect two different types of information about you: information you provide to us, and information we collect through technology.
1. Information You Provide to Us
In order to obtain access to certain services provided via the Site and request certain information regarding River Capital directly from the company via the Site, you may be required to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, facsimile number and investor status. You can choose not to provide this information, but then you might not be able to gain access to such information and services.
2. Information We Collect Through Technology
We may collect information about you through technology. For example, when you visit the Site, we may collect your IP address. (An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university.) Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we may also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which visitors browse various parts of the Site. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information.
The Site may also use cookies. (Cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website.) We and other companies use cookies for a variety of purposes. For instance, when you return to one of our sites after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your web browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that may make your browsing of the Site smoother, like the features mentioned above, and some of our services may not function properly.
The Site may also use other technical methods to track visitor usage, including web beacons. (“Web beacons” are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of a website.) We may also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on the Site, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of the Site. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We may also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send visitors to the Site to determine whether such visitors have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. We may collect the information from use of these technical methods in a form that is personally identifiable.
We may provide links on the Site to third parties. In addition, third parties may also provide links to the Site. Should you choose to visit these third party sites, you should review their privacy policies to ensure you understand and are comfortable with their practices concerning your personal information. We do not accept, and do disclaim, any responsibility for the privacy policies and information protection practices of any third party website (whether or not such site is linked on or to the Site). These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only, and you access them at your own risk.
B. How Personally Identifiable Information We Collect About You is Used
We may use personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse the Site in many ways. Representative examples of the ways in which we may use personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse the Site are set forth below.
1. Use in Connection with Normal Business Operations
Although, we do not sell your personal information to third parties, we may use or share certain personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse the Site as part of our normal business operations (such as processing your requests for forms or other literature or information, transactions, service, or to prepare investor disclosure materials), or to send you administrative communications either about your interactions with us or about features of our website, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy.
2. Use in Connection with Third Party Offers
We may also share your information with third parties when you engage in certain activities on the Site that are sponsored by third parties, such as purchasing products or services offered by a third party, or electing to receive information or communications from a third party. When you participate in such, you will either be required or requested to agree that the sponsor or business associate may use your personal information (including, in some cases, your e-mail address) in accordance with the sponsor or business associate’s privacy practices
3. Other Uses
Sometimes we hire companies to help deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package. In that instance, there is a need to share your information with that company. Sometimes we also work with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you. Except as separately permitted by the guidelines of this Privacy Policy, these companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or as required by law.
Finally, we may take any personally identifiable information that we collect from you when you visit and browse the Site and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under the guidelines set forth in this Privacy Policy upon our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and we reserve the right to use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.
C. Additional Ways Personally Identifiable Information May be Disclosed
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of the Sites, databases, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of tangible and/or intangible property that belongs to us or to third parties. In the event that we sell all or part of our business, we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy (including any amendments to this Privacy Policy).
D. The Security Measures We Take to Safeguard Your Personally Identifiable Information
The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
E. Updating Your Contact Information and Communication Choices
We will provide you an opportunity to update your contact information and/or modify your communication choices by sending you an e-mail or other communication that invites your response, or by providing a means to update that information via the Site. You may unsubscribe from e-mail communications by clicking on unsubscribe links in those e-mails.
F. Amendments to this Privacy Policy
These guidelines were adopted with the realization that both the Internet and the Site are still evolving. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy is subject to change. In the event that we materially change the guidelines set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site. Any such changes will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Site. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us.
Last updated on April 30, 2013
4200 Northside Parkway | Building 14, Suite 250 | Atlanta, GA 30327404-873-2166Privacy Policy | Terms of Use