http://www.duracard.com/helpcenter/about-barcodes
topSkip to main article content
Help Center
About Barcodes
Help Center
Contact Us
FAQ
Why Choose Duracard
Our Company
Customer Testimonials
What Our Cards Are Made Of
3 Questions To Ask Your Card Printer
About Magnetic Stripes
About Barcodes
About Writable Surfaces
Glossary
What is a barcode?
A barcode is an optical machine-readable representation of data. The most common
formats for barcodes are 3 of 9, 128, and UPC.
How do barcodes typically work on a gift card?
Each gift card is printed with a unique serial number barcode with or without human
readable characters. When a customer purchases a gift card, the barcode is scanned
or its human readable characters are keyed into a point of sale (POS) system. The
point of sales system recognizes the gift card's unique serial number and prompts
the cashier for a value to be assigned to it. For this example, the customer wishes
to put $50.00 on the gift card. The cashier takes the customer's $50.00 and
keys in this amount. The point of sales system then assigns this value to the gift
cards serial number. The value of the gift card is not stored on the card but within
the point of sale system.
When the customer returns with the card, the barcode is scanned or the human readable
characters are entered. The point of sale system then displays the stored value
assigned to its serial number. The customer may add additional funds to the card
or use its value to make a purchase. The history of the transaction and remaining
balance amount is stored within the point of sale system for reference and future
transactions.
How do I know what type of barcode my Point of Sales system needs? How can you ensure
the barcode will work?
We have the ability to print many barcode formats onto our products. If you are
not sure what type of barcode your system requires, please contact your point of
sale system provider. They can assist you with which type of barcode will work and
the necessary characters for your particular system.
Please ask your point of sale (POS) system provider the following questions:
What barcode format or formats work best with your system?
Are there any specific characters or number of characters
necessary to be used in a barcode serial number?
Once you get this information, please let us know and we will gladly email sample
barcodes for you to test to ensure that they will work on your system.
Contact Us
Call800-318-3500
E-mailcustomerservice@duracard.com
Live Chat9am - 5pm EST