http://www.scmmicro.com/copyright-intellectual-property-policy
Position Statement
Identiv, Inc. believes in a strong, global, intellectual property system that encourages innovation. We believe that innovation is the key for continuous growth and consider our intellectual property (IP) as one of our most important assets.
Identiv is a prolific creator of IP and we are a leader within our own industry. Identiv, at our core, is an innovation company and it is through that prism that we view our policy objectives. Identiv respects the IP of others, and we ask our users, partners, and others to do the same. We believe innovation ultimately is the means by which new industries are created, science is advanced, and social goals are served.
We strongly support the development of open, industry standards as a key to fostering competition and driving innovation, and believe IP laws should further that goal. Government policies, including IP policies, should foster innovation in hardware and software and indeed not inhibit it or limit competition.
Identiv is devoted to creating an encouraging environment and management system to protect our IP. We:
Secure and manage the confidentiality of our customers;
Protect Identiv’s core technologies legally with IP;
Commercialize Identiv’s IP aggressively;
Sign confidentiality and IP ownership contract with employees;
Forbid the use of illegal and unknown-origin software;
Protect our facilities and IT systems with the implementation of access control systems.
Protecting Identiv’s IP is considered the responsibility of each employee. We not only endeavor to lower the risk of infringement but also to encourage innovation activities internally.
IP Licensing Policy
To promote broader availability and use of our technologies, Identiv may periodically publish new licensing programs on identiv.com. Identiv currently maintains licensing programs for our patents, hardware, software, antenna designs, protocols, and other technologies.
Identiv licenses our patents under fair and reasonable terms to companies that respect Identiv IP rights. In general, Identiv considers all requests for licenses, but reserves the right not to license certain technologies and/or patents. Where Identiv determines to license patents, we generally do so non-exclusively and on terms similar to how others in the technology industry license their own patents, typically referred to as “commercially reasonable” terms. In certain cases, we accommodate our licensing for special circumstances, as follows:
Application to academics: For bona fide academic institutions, Identiv may make available appropriate reduced-fee or royalty-free covenants under its patents or designs. These covenants are intended to encourage non-commercial research and educational activities.
Application to software developer kits (SDKs): Identiv recognizes that as part of our SDK programs for developing software that runs with our products or platforms, it is appropriate to receive certain IP licenses from Identiv.
Application to existing standards commitments: As a participant in many industry-standards bodies, Identiv frequently contributes technology and know-how to these organizations. These organizations have well-defined policies that specify how patents and other IP should be licensed in the standard-setting context. Identiv will continue to comply with all applicable policies when participating in industry standards processes, including the contribution of technology to standards bodies under “reasonable and nondiscriminatory” (RAND) terms, either on a for-fee, or royalty-free basis, as defined by each standards group.
If you are interested in licensing any Identiv patent or broad technology, or have questions on doing the same, please contact us using the information below. Some of our products are small and often encapsulated into others products, e.g, inlays into stickers and tags, and cannot be easily marked with patent numbers or patent pending. If you are unsure of coverage, please contact us. If you are asserting infringement of an IP right, please contact us as well and specify the IP right at issue and provide the following information:
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is available, with enough detail that we may determine jurisdiction;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the IP owner or its agent;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the IP owner or authorized to act on the IP owner’s behalf.
Identiv can be reached as follows for any licensing request or for claims of copyright or other IP infringement:
By Mail
IP Department
Identiv, Inc.
1900-B Carnegie Ave.
Santa Ana, CA 92705
By Phone
+1 949-250-8888
By Fax
+1 949-250-7372
This policy statement highlights current Identiv IP practices and is subject to change at any time. This policy statement is also subject to variation to conform to applicable laws and regulations.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this website without changing your browser cookie settings, you agree to let us store cookies. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.