http://www.shredit.com/en-us/industries/legal
Save 25%* off a One Time shred.
Book Now
Call Now
Toggle navigation
Home
Our Services
Toggle
One Time Shredding Service
Regularly Scheduled Paper Shredding Service
Drop Off Shredding Service
Hard Drive Destruction Service
Media Destruction Service
Community Shredding Events
Industries
Toggle
Automotive
Education
Financial Services
Government
Hotels
Healthcare
Legal
Insurance
Real Estate
Accountants
C-Suite/Executive
Human Resources
IT
Large and Medium
Pricing
Resource Centre
Blog
Call Now
Protecting your clients goes far beyond client-counsel confidentiality.
Get a Quote
844-945-1370
Legal
Protect your firm with document destruction service from the leader in information security.
Law firms are warehouses of confidential and private information. It’s a necessity of the profession. But with numerous high-profile breaches in recent years, how firms collect, store, and destroy that information is coming under increased scrutiny.1 And while many firms have taken strident and effective steps to safeguard their confidential information, many have not.
Protecting your law firm from the risk and penalties of an information security breach means more than just protecting your client’s documents. If you have financial reports, human resource forms, or payroll statements, your firm could be at-risk of fines, lost revenue, and the loss of reputation should any of your confidential information get into the wrong hands.
Protect your clients. Protect your practice. Get Shred-it.
Are you on top of the privacy laws governing your industry?
Keeping confidential information secure isn’t just a good idea, it’s the law. But staying up to date with privacy laws and legislation governing your industry can be challenging. Download our handy Quick Reference Guide and get overview of the major regulations that could affect your business.
*First Name
*Last Name
*Your Email Address
Privacy Policy
*I would like to receive Shred-it email updatesYesNo
Title
When it comes to the risk of an information breach, no one is immune.
Up to
35%
of surveyed law firms admitted they have had some type of information breach.
Source: American Bar Association, 2017 TechReport
38%
of law firms breached reported a loss in billable hours.
Source: American Bar Association, 2017 TechReport34%
incurred hefty fees for correction.
Source: American Bar Association, 2017 TechReport23%
reported costs associated with replacement of office hardware/software.
Source: American Bar Association, 2017 TechReport
Get a Quote
“It won’t happen to us. We’re under the radar.”
In many ways, law firms are the perfect target.
Most, if not all, firms possess thousands of personally identifiable records, and in many instances, vast amounts of detailed personal information; whether that of their clients, employees, or parties and witnesses in litigation. How your information is collected, stored, handled, and destroyed can make-or-break your firm’s information security.
Up to 25% of information breaches are caused by employee error or negligence.2It’s not just you that you have to worry about. In an industry that relies on privacy and confidentiality, the reality is that many information breaches happen not because of you but because of error, negligence or poor judgement of your employees!
You may be doing everything you can but one employee, casually dropping a deposition into recycling, can undo everything. With a quarter of your risk coming from inside, you need to ensure your partners, your clerks, your interns, and all other employees know how to identify, handle, and securely dispose of confidential information – whether that information belongs to your clients or your law firm.
"Efficient and timely. Good follow up when special services are needed."
Frankel, Schickler & Seitz, LLP
"We were a bit nervous when we called Shred-it to empty our console and it was answered back east. We thought we lost that personal local relationship but the Reno office gave us phone numbers to get in touch with them. We have been completely happy with our years of working with Shred-it. We look forward to many more."
McMahon Law Office LTD
“Always reliable - always know when someone will be at the office to clean out bins. Had to request an extra bin for a special shredding job and your service.”
Mann Lawyers LLP
Learn to recognize the risks.
Most people fail to identify confidential information correctly. While obvious things like depositions or complainant filings are quickly flagged, equally common items like a non-disclosure agreements or demand letters might get missed.
If you create, collect, or dispose of these types of documents, you and your firm could be at-risk for an information breach.
Client Depositions
Client Financial Documents
Client Credit Reports
Discovery Documents
Police Reports
Demand Letters
Personal Financial Statements
Client Contracts
Witness Depositions
Plaintiff Statements
Bank Statements
Your Firm’s Financial Statements
HR Documents
Personal Records
Protecting confidential information isn’t just a Best-Practice, it’s the law!
Kind of ironically, your profession not only works with the law, but there are many laws that govern your work. Like most industries that work with private and confidential information, the legal profession is no different. And laws designed to protect identities, financial data, and personal privacy come with strict rules and strong fines. We can help you stay compliant.
In addition to state and professional regulations governing information privacy, here are a  few of the key information security laws that apply to your industry.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
US Patriot Act
Payment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standards
The Identity Theft Penalty Enhancement Act
We know the relevant legislation and we can help you stay compliant.
Services we typically recommend for Legal Professionals.
Document Destruction
service on a regular schedule helps keep you protected 24/7
Hard-Drive Destruction
service ensures data from old computers is irretrievable
One Time Shredding
service to clear-out the clutter that always builds up
Media Destruction
service destroys information found on anything from a USB key to CD and tape recordings
Preferred Pricing for the Legal Profession!
We are pleased to support legal professionals with preferred pricing to help you protect your organization from the risks, fines, and penalties of an information breach.
1 “Hackers Breach Law Firms, Including Cravath and Weil Gotshal,” Wall Street Journal, March 2016
https://www.wsj.com/articles/hackers-breach-cravath-swaine-other-big-law-firms-1459293504
2 Cost of a Data Breach, Ponemon Institute, 2016
Get informed. Stay protected.
Periodic emails that keep you up-to-date with the latest in workplace privacy news, trends, promotions and best-practices. To review our privacy policy click here.
*First Name
*Last Name
*Your Email Address
Company
Title
Request a Quote
Fill out the form below and we’ll contact you with a free quote within the hour! (Between 8:00am and 5:00pm, Mon - Fri)
Select Service
*Select ServiceOne time shredding serviceShredding service on a regular scheduleHard drive destructionOther material destruction
NextCompany info
Company
*ZIP Code
NextYour info
*First Name
*Last Name
*Phone Number
*Your Email Address
Privacy Policy
NextAdditional Info
How quickly do you need your one time shredding service?In the next 2 daysIn the next 2-5 daysNo timing needs
Is there anything we should know before we contact you?
*I would like to receive Shred-it email updatesYesNo
Title
Next
×