http://www.wensleydale.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Contact Us
Unfortunately, we are unable to fulfil any more orders for Christmas. However, we do have Gift Vouchers available. Shop Here!
Toggle navigation
Where to buy
Farm Shops & Delis
Supermarkets
Log-in/Register
Go!
Back
Visit
Visit Us
Places to Eat
Cheese and Gift Shop
Yorkshire Wensleydale Cheese Experience
Group Packages
Events
Digital Days Out
The Yorkshire Dales Cheese Festival
Visit
Shop
About
Our Story
Our Cheeses
Crumble It!
Who We Are
Yorkshire Wensleydale Cheese
Work With Us
About
Trade
News
Recipes
Crumble It!
Digital Days Out
Log-in/Register
Cheese
Yorkshire Wensleydale
Fruity & Savoury Varieties
Blue Cheese
Cheddar
Kit Calvert Old-Style Wensleydale
Smoked Cheese
Waxed Truckles
Freshly Cut Cheese
Freshly Cut Cheese Boxes
The Yorkshire Creamery
Large Whole Cheese
Pre-pack Cheese
Yorkshire Cheese Partners
Sheep & Goats Milk
The Wensleydale Deli
Cheese Shop
Toastie and Cheese on Toast Partners
Luxury Yorkshire Crackers & Biscuits
Yorkshire Charcuterie & Luxury Pâté
Yorkshire Chutney, Pickles & Honey
Butter
Yorkshire Oils, Dressings & Sauces
Yorkshire Jams, Curds & Marmalade
Yorkshire Cakes, Biscuits & Sweet Treats
Browse All Deli Items
Gift Vouchers
Christmas Shop
Hampers
Weekly Deli Box
Gifts
New In
Cheese and Fruit Cake
Special Offers
Wensleydale Wine, Beer & Spirits
Visit Us
Places to Eat
Cheese and Gift Shop
Yorkshire Wensleydale Cheese Experience
Group Packages
Events
Digital Days Out
The Yorkshire Dales Cheese Festival
Opening Times
Our Story
Our Cheeses
Crumble It!
Who We Are
Yorkshire Wensleydale Cheese
Work With Us
Protecting Your Privacy
At Wensleydale Creamery, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy
and security of our customers and site visitors. Our team members are
customers themselves - so we totally appreciate and respect how important
privacy is.
For all our services, the data controller - the company that's responsible
for your privacy- is Wensleydale Dairy Products Ltd.
Please note that we will only use your data to increase your experience,
thus meaning, we will contact you about brand-new products, offers and
happenings at Wensleydale Creamery. We will protect your data like it's our
own and we will always speak your language - no nonsense and no surprises.
The typical Yorkshire way! We want you to receive great mail from us, so
you decide what and how you hear from us. Furthermore, we will regularly
clean our data base so if we don't here from you, your information will be
deleted.
How we use your information
We use your information in several different ways - what we do depends on
the information. The tables below set this out in detail, showing what we
do, and why we do it.
How we use your name & contact details
Why?
Deliver your purchases to you
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. We
wouldn't want you to go without your favourite cheese!
Send you service messages by e-mail such as order updates
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you - so
you can tell when your order is coming.
Sending you information by email or post, about our new
products and services
To keep you up to date. We only send this with your
permission.
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or
Wensleydale Dairy Products Ltd. - unfortunate, essential.
Showing you Wensleydale Creamery adverts as your browse the
web
So you can see our latest products and deals
Finding out what you, and other customers, like
To ensure we are giving you what you want
Your payment information
This means your card's security/CVV code, don't worry, we don't keep them.
How we use your payment information
Why?
Take payment, and give refunds
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or
Wensleydale Dairy Products Ltd. - unfortunate, but
absolutely essential
Your contact history with us
What you've said to us - for example, over the phone, on social media, or
via email
How we use your contact history
Why?
Provide customer service and support
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you,
after all, you expect the best service from us
Train our staff
So that, when you contact us, you get the best possible
customer service
Purchase history and saved items
What you've bought and what you've stored in your basket for another time
How we use your purchase history and saved items
Why?
Sell you things
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you - we
love to find out what your favourite flavours are!
Provide customer service and support
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you
Finding out what you, and other customers, like
To ensure we are giving you what you want
Your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions
How we use your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions
Why?
Run the survey, competition or promotion
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you - if
we can't use your entry, you can't possibly win!
You don't have to give us any of this personal information but if you
don't, you may not be able to buy from our site, and you are unlikely to
receive our optimal overall customer experience. But that is your choice -
and we respect that.
Sharing your information
We do not, and will not, give any of your personal data to	any third party - including your name, age, address, email address
or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we
believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
Marketing messages
If you have said we can, we'll send you marketing messages by email, text,
to keep you aware of what we're up to and to help you see and find our
products.
How to stop marketing messages from Wensleydale Creamery
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
You can do this:
By clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in any email
By contacting our Customer Care Team
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don't
receive further marketing messages.
Please note that, it might take a few days for all our systems to be
updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request.
Stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications (such as
order updates).
Keeping your information
We'll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or
as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the
case of any contact you may have with our Customer Care team) for as long
as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis
only.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory
requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our
terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as
required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed
to provide the services to you.
Your rights
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being
used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information
we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through My
Account)
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or
collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through
My Account, and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing
at any time
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data
either to you or another service provider
The right to complain to your data protection regulator - in the UK,
the Information Commissioner's Office
Changes to how we protect your privacy
We may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing
your data.
If we make significant changes, we will make that clear on the Wensleydale
Creamery website or other Wensleydale Creamery services, or by some other
means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes
before you continue to use Wensleydale Creamery.
Cookies
To get the best possible experience in using our website your device will
need to be set up to enable cookies. Cookies we use do not store personally
identifiable information (name, address or card / banking payment details)
they simply associate you with certain information once you have signed in.
Should you wish to restrict, block or delete cookies from our website or
any other website for that matter this can be done through your website
browser.
As each browser works in a slightly different way you should consult the
'Help' section of the browser or the device manual in order to change your
cookie preference settings.
We have listed below the main cookies we use and an explanation as to the
cookies main purpose.
Information about any 3rd party cookies may also be found in this section.
Cookie Name
Cookie Purpose
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmd, _utmz
These are cookies from Google and are used to track visitor
traffic numbers and the way visitors navigate the website,
allowing us to improve the experience for visitors.
Shop session token cookie
This cookie allows us to remember you and collate products
into your shopping cart. No record is kept once the session
has ended.
How to contact us
We always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we could
do better…or if you love a certain cheese!).
If you:
Have any questions or feedback about this notice
Would like us to stop using your information
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a
complaint
please don't hesitate to contact our Customer Care team, who will be happy
to answer any questions you may have.
You can contact us by calling 01969 667664 or by email
creamery@wensleydale.co.uk
. Or if you'd like to, you can write to us at:
Wensleydale Creamery, Gayle Lane, Hawes, Wensleydale, North Yorkshire DL8
3RN
Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest news, events and offers from The Wensleydale Creamery
Sign Up
Wensleydale Creamery, Gayle Lane, Hawes, Wensleydale, North Yorkshire DL8 3RN
T: 01969 667664
General Enquiries: creamery@wensleydale.co.uk
Mail order: customerservice@wensleydale.co.uk
Contact Us