https://www.dustshield.com/warranty-policy/
Downloads
Warranty Policy
Returns
Terms of Use
Privacy
Quote List
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content
Navigation
Home
About Us
Field Installation Gallery
Our Customers
Career Opportunities
Features & Benefits
NEMA Specifications
Warranty Policy
Blog
Enclosures
Accessories
Buy Filters
Covid-19 Shields
Contact Us
Warranty Policy
Enclosures designed and manufactured by DustShield™ shall be warranted to be free of defects in material or workmanship for a period of 5 years (U.S. & Canada) and 3 years for International deployments from the date of shipment. Should the product be proven to be defective, DustShield™ will have the option to repair or replace the product. Items included with the enclosures, not manufactured by DustShield™, will carry the original manufacturer’s warranty.
It is the responsibility of the buyer to communicate any special environmental concerns in which the enclosures will be utilized. Special materials may be required to allow for proper corrosion resistance for harsh environments. The warranty does not cover enclosures used in applications and environments for which they were not designed. Warranty does not cover abuse, modifications by others or reimbursement for unauthorized rework. At no time will DustShield™ reimburse purchaser for unauthorized rework on any product.
Under no circumstances is DustShield™ liable for any consequential damages, liquidated damages, loss in profits or revenues, costs of capital, downtime costs or damages related to our product performance.
Warranty Claims
Enclosures found to be defective will be repaired or replaced with the same or comparable product. All warranty claims must be communicated to our customer service (855) 736-2135 department to obtain an RMA number. For warranty claims in the USA and Canada, freight will be managed and paid by DustShield™. For warranty claims outside of the USA and Canada, the customer will be responsible for managing the freight and freight expenses. Products being returned from other than US or Canada are to be returned to the factory in Strafford, MO to receive warranty resolution, once approved with an RMA.
Except for the express warranty stated above, DustShield™ makes no other warranties with respect to the product, expressed or implied, including but not limited to merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Still have questions?
Email customerservice1@amprod.us or call us at (800) 587-9557.
Customer Satisfaction
DustShield serves thousands of customers in every major industry. Our track record is built on great service and great enclosure products. Shop around, send us questions and see for yourself why DustShield is in an industry leader in computer and printer enclosures. We look forward to building the best enclosure for you and being here when you need us down the line.
Professional Consultations
Contact us for usable advice from an Enclosure Expert, not a sales clerk, not a call center. We are committed to finding the most compatible and cost effective computer, printer, IT or LCD cabinet solution for you.
Customer Driven Design & Solutions
Our full-service production and CNC capabilities can enhance any standard enclosure to meet your specific needs. Once you’ve detailed the specifics of your production environment, our veteran team of design and production professionals CAD your solution and send you drawings for review and approval.
Made in America – A Partner in Business
We understand the challenges and mindset of fellow North American manufacturers. Count on DustShield to help hold down operating expenses while keeping production flowing. By keeping your Mission-Critical hardware running 24/7 we help you compete. Thank you for considering American made products and keeping the American economy growing.
Let us design and fabricate a customized computer enclosure to meet your requirements.
Click here for more information about custom PC enclosures.
Navigation
Home
About Us
Customers
Blog
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Shop Now
Accessories & Upgrades
Climate Control
Covid Control
Enclosures
All-In-One
Data & Tel
Keyboard & Mouse
Laptop/Notebook
Monitor Enclosures
PC/Computer
Printer Enclosures
Rack Mount
Television
Utility
Filters
Privacy Policy
Downloads
Warranty Policy
Returns
Terms of Use
Privacy
Contact Info
DustShield™ Computer Enclosures
597 Evergreen Rd
Strafford, MO 65757
p. 800-587-9557
p. 417-736-3746
f. 417-736-9873
0
0
Your Cart
Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop
Continue Shopping
Calculate Shipping
Apply Coupon
Submit