http://www.rmia.org.au/refund-cancellation-and-rebooking-policy-1
Cart
Member Login
Search
EventsUpcoming EventsEvents in AsiaRMIA Annual ConferenceRisk & Cyber Week 2020Past EventsRefund, Cancellation and Rebooking PolicyMember ServicesExclusive RMIA Webinar LibraryRMIA Standards Access (Powered by Techstreet)NewsPublicationsResourcesNewslettersProfessional DevelopmentRMIA Training Partner Courses with CPDExternal RMIA Endorsed CoursesRMIA CertificationsAbout RMIA CertificationsCPRA®CPRM®CCRO®CPD - Maintaining Your CertificationRMIA AwardsJob OpportunitiesMembershipMembership BenefitsRMIA Membership BrochureRMIA Membership - AustraliaRMIA Membership - InternationalRMIA ConstitutionRMIA Code of EthicsRefund, Cancellation and Rebooking PolicyPrivacy PolicyPartnersRMIA PartnersRMIA Diamond Conference Sponsor 2020 - PAN SoftwareMake Contact With UsMarketing OpportunitiesRMIA COVID-19 Essential Resources
About UsAbout RMIAOur BoardOur TeamOur ChaptersOur CommitteesSpecial Interest GroupsShop
Connect
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Refund, Cancellation and Rebooking Policy
×
Login Or Join
User Login
E-mail: * Password: *
Create new account
Request new password
Membership
Membership BenefitsRMIA Membership BrochureRMIA Membership - AustraliaRMIA Membership - InternationalRMIA ConstitutionRMIA Code of EthicsRefund, Cancellation and Rebooking PolicyPrivacy Policy
RMIA REFUND, CANCELLATION AND RE BOOKING POLICY
The purpose of this policy is to outline the refund and cancellation procedures for members of The Risk Management Institute of Australasia (RMIA).
POLICY STATEMENT
RMIA is committed to providing high quality events to all its customers. We recognise that on occasion delegates (members or non-members) will book in to an event and subsequently find that they are unable to attend. In this situation we ask that you notify us of your need to cancel an event booking as soon as possible.
Similarly, RMIA will on occasion find it necessary to cancel an event and when this arises we are committed to taking positive steps to alert you to the cancellation as soon as possible.
APPLICABILITY/SCOPE
This policy is applicable for all members of RMIA an all non-members attending RMIA run events. Refunds, Cancellation and Rebookings are defined below.
Definition:
Refund;
-          to give back or restore a payment that has been made in exchange for a commodity.
Cancellation;
-          to decide or announce to not attend an event; or
-          the act of a planned event no longer taking place.
Re-booking;
-          to request the registration of a delegate at one event be transferred to the same event on a different date for the same delegate, without the refund of any funds.
Please Note: Special Conditions apply to the Annual Conference*.
ADMINISTRATIVE RESPONSIBILITY
The administration of this policy is the responsibility of RMIA Corporate Office and the RMIA Board.
CANCELLATION BY DELEGATE
If a member or non-member attending a chargeable event needs to cancel their booking, the following process and conditions apply:
1.    Cancellation details must be sent to RMIA by email to events@rmia.org.au or by telephone. Telephone cancellation is ONLY confirmed as having been received if the cancelling party has an email confirmation in writing from an RMIA team member.
2.    RMIA encourages the cancelling party to send a replacement delegate. When providing a replacement delegate the following details are required:
Name Company PositionMobile or Office Contact NumberDietary Requirements
This is so the RMIA can ensure that we offer the best possible service at the event.
3.    If the cancelling party has paid a discounted Member Rate and the replacement delegate is a non-member, the difference will be payable to RMIA prior to the transfer being completed.
4.    If you are unable to send a replacement delegate and notify the RMIA:
a.    up to two weeks prior to the event we will refund your payment less a $20.00 administration fee** (if the event is less than $20.00 no refund will be provided); or
b.    less than two weeks prior to the event the full fee will be payable and no refund will be provided.
5.    Due to our Privacy Policy the RMIA does not retain online payment information in the CRM. Any refund payable for a payment by credit card will be returned to the same account through the payment gateway unless a specific instruction is provided in writing by the original payor. Any refund payable for a payment by EFT will also be returned to the same payor and the cancelling party will need to provide bank details (Name, BSB & Account Number) for this purpose.
6.    If you have booked a place at an event and do not attend without notifying RMIA of your cancellation at least two weeks prior to the event, the full fee will be payable, and no refund provided.
If an event is listed for registration on the RMIA website less than 4 (four) weeks from the event day; clause 4.a. becomes up to 1 (one) week prior, and 4.b. becomes less than 1 (one) week prior.
**the RMIA reserves the right to review the administration fee from time to time or for specific events
RE-BOOKING REQUEST BY DELEGATE
If a member or non-member attending a chargeable event needs to re-book the date as they are unable to make the original event date, and there is an alternate date for the same event type, they can request a re-booking and the following process and conditions apply:
1.    Re-booking details must be sent to RMIA by email to events@rmia.org.au or by telephone. Telephone rebooking is ONLY confirmed as having been received if the transferring delegate has an email confirmation in writing from an RMIA team member.
2.    Not all re-bookings can be approved, due to issues such as limited places, sold out event or materials, and the final decision will rest with RMIA Administration. When a rebooking is not approved the cancellation policy above applies.
3.    Administration fees apply for multiple re-booking/s for events:
a.    up to 1 (one) re-booking for a delegate is approved with no administration fee**;
b.    up to 2 (two) re-bookings by a delegate approved will attract a $20.00 administration fee** payable prior to the rebooking being finalised; or
c.     for 3 (three) re-bookings or more by a delegate attracts a $50.00 administration fee** for each re-booking thereafter, payable prior to the rebooking being finalised
**the RMIA reserves the right to review the administration fee from time to time or for specific events
CANCELLATION BY RMIA
If RMIA cancels an event, the following process and conditions apply:
1.    RMIA will advise you by email using the email address specified on your booking;
2.    RMIA will always endeavour to reschedule the event, in which case you will be offered the opportunity to transfer your registration to the new event date or receive a full refund.
3.    If it is not possible to reschedule the event, RMIA will refund your full fee.
4.    Due to our Privacy Policy the RMIA does not retain online payment information in the CRM. Any refund payable for a payment by credit card will be returned to the same account through the payment gateway unless a specific instruction is provided in writing by the original payor. Any refund payable for a payment by EFT will also be returned to the same payor and the RMIA will request bank details (Name, BSB & Account Number) for this purpose.
ANNUAL CONFERENCE*
Special conditions apply to refunds and cancellation regarding the RMIA Annual Conference.
*CANCELLATION OF DELEGATE REGISTRATION for the ANNUAL Conference:
If a member or non-member registered for the Annual Conference needs to cancel their registration, the following process and conditions apply:
1.    Cancellation details must be sent to RMIA by email to events@rmia.org.au or by telephone. Telephone cancellation is ONLY confirmed as having been received if the cancelling party has an email confirmation in writing from an RMIA team member.
2.    RMIA encourages the cancelling party to send a replacement delegate. When providing a replacement delegate the following details are required:
Name CompanyPositionMobile or Office Contact Number Dietary Requirements
This is so the RMIA can ensure that we offer the best possible service at the Annual Conference.
3.    If the cancelling party has paid a discounted Member Rate and the replacement delegate is a non-member, the difference will be payable to RMIA prior to the transfer being completed.
4.    If you are unable to send a replacement delegate and notify the RMIA:
a.    during earlybird offer periods we will refund your payment less a $50.00 administration fee**;
b.    after expiry of earlybird offers and up to 2 months prior to the first day of the conference, we will refund your payment less an administration fee** equivalent of 10% of the fee paid;
c.     after expiry of earlybird offers and up to 2 months prior to the first day of the conference, we will refund your payment less an administration fee** equivalent of 10% of the fee paid;
d.    between 2 months prior to the event to 1 month prior to the first day of the conference, we will refund 50% of the total fee paid; or
e.    less than 1 (one) month prior to the first day of the conference, the full fee will be payable and no refund will be provided.
5.    Due to our Privacy Policy the RMIA does not retain online payment information in the CRM. Any refund payable for a payment by credit card will be returned to the same account through the payment gateway unless a specific instruction is provided in writing by the original payor. Any refund payable for a payment by EFT will also be returned to the same payor and the cancelling party will need to provide bank details (Name, BSB & Account Number) for this purpose.
6.    If you have registered for the annual conference and do not attend without notifying RMIA of your cancellation at least one month prior to the first day, the full fee will be payable, and no refund provided.
**the RMIA reserves the right to review the administration fee from time to time or for specific events
Our Sponsors & Partners
View All
(02) 9095 2500
Contact RMIA
Explore Your Local RMIA Chapter
RMIA is the largest professional risk management institution in the Asia Pacific area.
View Chapters
Membership
Become a Member RMIA Membership Brochure Corporate Membership Membership Benefits
Professional Development
RMIA Certifications Endorsed Courses CPD Job Opportunities
© 2020 Risk Management Institute of Australasia | RMIA
All prices are in Australian Dollars ($AUD)
ResourcesDisclaimerPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsRefund, Cancellation and Rebooking Policy