http://www.sweeneymarketingsolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Right Source Marketing | Privacy Policy
RightSource
About
Our Story
Work At Right Source
Current Openings
Services
Overview
Strategy & Planning
Marketing Technology
Content
Design
Work
Resources
Blog Posts
eBooks
Case Studies
Checklists
Podcasts
Videos
Contact
Search
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
Right Source Marketing Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store, and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a) Information about your visits to and use of this website;
(b) Information about any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our services;
(c) Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications.
We may collect, store and use non-personal data about your visits to and use of this website.
2. Information about website visits
We may collect information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit, and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognize your computer when you visit our website, and to personalize our website for you. Our advertisers may also send you cookies.
We may use anonymous cookies to record non-personal information such as website activity, date and time of visit, and domain type. We may use this information for retargeting purposes. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
3. Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:
(a) Improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website;
(b) Send information (other than marketing communications) to you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology;
(c) Send to you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology;
(d) Provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
4. Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
(a) To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
5. Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the Internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
6. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
7. Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
8. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email to info (at) RightSourceMarketing.com or to Right Source Marketing LLC, 11350 McCormick Rd, EP1, #705, Hunt Valley, MD 21031.
We are always looking for elite marketersto join the Right Source team.
See Career Options
Oops! We could not locate your form.
© Right Source Marketing All Rights Reserved.
We respect your privacy
11718 Bowman Green Drive, Suite 200, Reston, VA 20190
(888) 512-0451
Close
I agree
Close
Scroll to the bottom to agree