http://www.seasoningandspice.org.uk/ssa/privacy.aspx
This website uses cookies to operate and deliver a good service for
you.
To find out more about cookies on this website and how to delete or block
these, see our privacy and cookies policy.
Accessibility:
A
A
A
Search
HomeContact usSite map
The Seasoning and Spice Association
You are here:
Home>
Privacy and cookie policy
Newsfeed
Print this page
About the SSABackgroundLinked AssociationsList of MembersMembers area
Privacy and cookie policy
SSA ("we", “us” and “our”) are committed to protecting and respecting your
privacy.
This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other web page(s) referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any
personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed
by
us when using our website www.seasoningandspice.org.uk (our “Site”) hosted by the Food and Drink Federation (FDF).
Please read the
following
carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data
and
how we will treat it.
In this section:
Information we may collect from you
Cookies and IP addresses
Where we store your personal data
Uses made of the information
Disclosure of your information
Third party data
Confidentiality
Access to information
Contact
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by registering with on our Site such as your name,
job title, email address, contact numbers, company name, company address, post
code, professional areas of interests and work areas;
Information when you subscribe to specific online newsletter services or
participate in surveys or consultations and when you respond to requests or
provide us
with feedback;
If you contact us for any reason, we may use any information you provide to deal
with your query and we may keep a record of that correspondence and your
contact
details;
details of your visits to our Site including, but not limited to, traffic data,
other communication data, the resources that you access and the way in which
you
use our Site including the pages you visit and the time spent on our Site.
You can amend your details at any time and subscribe / unsubscribe from any
alerts or newsletters on our Site via the “My Account” section of the members'
area
of the Site or by contacting webmaster@fdf.org.uk .
Cookies and IP Addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your
IP address, operating system and browser type, to find out our users browsing
actions and patterns on how our Site is being used, for example, what services
and
facilities are popular, and how long users spend on particular pages. Any
statistical data will be used as aggregated data and not in terms of
individuals and
will not be shared.
We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using cookies,
small text files which are stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies
contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They
help us
to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They
enable us:
to store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customise our
Site according to your individual interests;
to speed up your searches;
to recognise you when you return to our Site.
Some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of the site to operate and
have already been set.
All other cookies require your consent to their being set. Consent can either be
granted when you register as a user of our Site and accept the terms and
conditions and this Privacy and Cookies policy, or by indicating your
acceptance by
ticking the box indicating your acceptance of cookies on the top of the page.
The AutoLogin and SessionId cookies are set on your machine when you access our
content management system. All the other cookies listed are set when you access
our application.
You may delete and block cookies from our Site by activating the setting on your
browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you
select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site.
We use the following cookies on our site:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
AutoLogin
AutoLogin
This is an essential cookie that contains encrypted information for automatic
login, or 'remember me'.
SessionId
SessionId
This cookie encrypts the session key for security and usage statistics tracking
– tracking includes email alert and newsletter article link tracking. All
reporting on tracking is anonymous, aggregated and used for internal purposes.
Survey and poll response cookie
PollRespondedTo_*
This cookie keep a record of the polls and surveys which you have responded to.
Did You Know cookie
dyk_index
This cookie is used to allow you to navigate the Did You Know section of the
site.
Frequently Asked Questions cookie
*_faq_index
This cookie is used to allow you to navigate the Frequently asked questions
portion of the site.
Staff banner image cookie
staffareabannerimage_index
This cookie is used to track and rotate through the available images to display
in the Staff home page banner section – so you see a new image each time you
visit the page.
Text size cookie
generic_site_acc_text_size
This cookie is used to remember your preferences for site text size.
Site colour cookie
generic_site_acc_colour
This cookie is used to remember your preference for setting for site colour.
Search form show summaries cookie
*:generic_site_search:ShowSummaries
This cookie is used to remember your preference for including summaries in
search results.
Saved quiz state cookie
save_state_quiz_poll_id_*
This cookie is used to help save a partially completed quiz in the database and
to restore the quiz answers when you later return to the quiz page.
Schools programme quote cookie
*_sp_quote_index_*
This cookie is used to navigate and rotate through the displayed quotes in SFDF
website Schools programme pages
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how you and other visitors
use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve
the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form including the
number of visitors, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages
they
visit.
For more information see: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings. To
find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set
and
how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If you have enabled cookies for this website and wish to reset you can disable
them here Reset (opt-out).
top
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you is stored on information technology systems
located in the EEA which are operated by a third party under our instruction
and
control.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data,
we cannot
guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission
is
at your own risk.
Once we receive your information, we use strict procedures and security
features to prevent unauthorised access and keep your information safe.
top
Uses made of the information
We use information that we collect in connection with the operation of our Site
for the purposes outlined below although we will generally let you know at the
time of collection how we intend to use your personal information. Usually, we
collect personal information about you which we require to respond to your
enquiries or to administer your membership with us including keeping our
membership
records up to date.
We also process your personal information where we are required to do so by law,
and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
We use information that we collect for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Site, content and services, such as newsletters and
alerts based on your email alerts you have selected through the “My Account”
section
of the members' area of the Site. When a member user registers through the
Site,
we automatically provide the user with certain alert services including the
“Update Alert”, our monthly corporate online newsletter, and the “Information
Flash
Alert”, our alert for general important information for comment across the
membership.
You can unsubscribe to these alerts through the “My Account” section of the
members' area of the Site.
To respond to your enquiries and contact you about changes regarding the Site
and new services that has been developed.
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner
for you and for your computer;
To better understand your needs and to improve our Site.
For any other purpose disclosed at the time the information is collected or to
which you consent.
As otherwise specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
When you join one of our email newsletter or alert services the emails you
receive will include a hyperlink or a description of how to remove yourself
from
further editions of that newsletter or alert.
top
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may
disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business
or
assets;
if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which
case personal data held by it about our customers or users will be one of the
transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to
comply with any legal obligation.
top
Third party data
Under confidentiality agreements, we may disclose aggregated user statistics in
order to describe our services to prospective members, key stakeholders, and
other third parties for other lawful purposes.
We will only disclose individual account information if we have reason to
believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or
bring
legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Use, commercial
rights, copyright or may be causing injury to or interference with
intentionally or
unintentionally to our rights or property or our users, or anyone else that
could be harmed by such activities.
Our Site contains content, services and other materials that link to website(s)
operated by third parties. We have no control over those other websites, and
this Privacy Policy does not apply to them. We encourage you to refer to the
privacy policies, if any, of those sites.
We sometimes engage third parties to perform services for us, including in
connection with the Site that require us to disclose personally identifiable
Information to them. If we make any such disclosure, we will require such
parties to
keep the information confidential and to use it only to perform their services
to
us.
top
Confidentiality
Information which is made available to FDF members via the password-protected
members only area and sent via email alerts from the Site should be treated as
confidential to FDF members only.
Unless permission has been given by the FDF as set out in the Terms of Use, no information or documents from the password protected members area should be
passed in any form to individuals or organisations which are not FDF members.
top
Access to information
The Data Protection Act (DPA) gives you the right to access information held
about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with DPA. You
can
exercise this right at any time by contacting us at webmaster@fdf.org.uk.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and
should be addressed to webmaster@fdf.org.uk.
top
Bookmark this page:
Copyright © 2020 The Seasoning and Spice Association
Privacy and cookie policySite mapContact usHome