http://www.panelwarehouse.com/terms-conditions-i7
Terms & Conditions
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept these cookies.For more information, please see our Cookies Page
More Info
Ok
Search
WishlistGBP (£)
EUR (€)
USD ($)
GBP (£)
Currency
EUR (€)USD ($)GBP (£)
For Sales & Advice Call:
0161 609 0262
0
Search
Go
My Basket
(0)
My Basket
Basket Summary (0)
View Full Basket
Wishlist
My Account
Office Screens & Partitions
Office Screens
Social Distancing Screens
Office Screens Next Day Delivery
Standard Office Screens
Easy Clean Anti-bacterial Screens
Economy Office Screens
Office Screen Value Packs
Mobile Office Screens
Concertina Screens
Glazed Office Screens
Desk Top Office Screens
Premium Range Office Screens
Office Partitions
Mobile Folding Room Dividers
Free Standing Office Partitions
Next Day Delivery Office Partitions
Office Partition Value Packs
Desk Mounted Partitions
Free Standing Glazed Office Partitions
Budget Office Partitions
Display & Noticeboards
Display Boards
Folding Display Boards
Jumbo Display Stands and Boards
Desktop Display Stands and Boards
Next Day Display Stands and Boards
Panel & Pole Display Stands and Boards
Display Boards Best Sellers
Value Pack Display Boards
Trestle Tables
Dry Wipe Boards
Wall Mounted Dry Wipe Boards
Mobile Dry Wipe Boards and Flip Charts
Combination Dry Wipe Boards
Dry Wipe Board Accessories
Display Stand Accessories
Literature Display Stands & ipad Holders
Display Stand Carry Bags and Cases
Folding Trestle Tables
Tablecloths for Events
Spotlights
Hook and Loop Display Fastenings
Noticeboards
Notice Boards and Pin Boards
Tamperproof Notice Boards
Mobile Notice Boards and Flip Charts
Combination Notice Boards
Outdoor Notice Boards
Poster Frames & A Boards
Wall Mounted
Freestanding
School Furniture
Classroom Furniture
Classroom Chairs and Seating
Classroom Desks and Tables
Portable Staging
School Office and Staff Room
Soft Play and Sensory
Creative Play
Canteen Furniture
In Demand Range
Classroom Storage
Lockers
Classroom Tray Storage
Book Storage
Art Storage
Storage Trolleys
Cloakroom Storage
Display and Presentation
Noticeboards
Dry Wipe Boards
School Display Boards
Screens
Leaflet Holders
Easels and Mobile Noticeboards
School Office and Facilities
Noticeboards
Reception Seating
Litter Bins
Office Partition Screens
Exhibitions and Display
Office and Staff Room Furniture
Outdoor and Playground
Outdoor Play
Trikes, Bikes and Ride-Ons
PE Equipment
Outdoor Clothes, Bibs & Kit
Outdoor Games and Play
Outdoor Learning
Furniture & Storage
Furniture & Storage
Chairs and Seating
Workplace Facilities
Desks and Tables
Lockers
Meeting and Conference Equipment
Storage
Canteen and Bistro Furniture
Social Distancing Screens
Wipeable Room Dividers
Anti-Bacterial Partition Screens
Perspex Protective Screens
Barrier Queuing Systems
Hand Sanitiser Stations
Snap Front Poster Frames
A Boards
Signage
Plastic Storage Tray
Inc. VAT Ex. VAT
WE ARE OPEN & TAKING ORDERS
Find Out More ›
Covid-19-
IMPORTANT DELIVERY INFORMATION - CLICK TO FIND OUT MORE
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyPlease read our Privacy Policy this details how we will use and protect the information you provide us with. By using this website you consent to the processing of the data provided by you as set out in our Privacy Policy and that the information supplied by you is accurate and up to date.PricesAll prices shown exclude Carriage & VAT. All items are supplied in accordance with our General Terms & Conditions of trading, a copy of which is available upon request. Our products are continuously under review for improvements, we therefore reserve the right to amend product specifications and prices without prior notice.Special OffersWe regularly review our prices to ensure that we are offering our best possible price at all times.Delivery and Carriage ChargesAll costs featured on our website exclude carriage and VAT. At the point of checkout your carriage charge is added to your total based on your required delivery destination. Costs are calculated based on consignments weighing no more than 600kgs and no less than 10kgs. Should your chosen item weight fall outside this boundary or you have a carriage query please contact the Sales Department on 0161 609 0262 for further information.All our products are delivered by courier. We will inform you of the lead times and delivery date for your order but we cannot be held responsible for courier failure. Nevertheless, we will make all reasonable efforts to get your order delivered when required.As a company we endeavour to keep to the advertised manufacturing timescales shown on the website (24 hrs, 48 hrs, 72 hrs, etc), however on the rare occasion we are not able to meet these times (e.g. raw material stocks), we will contact customers directly and inform them of a revised date and/or offer an alternative product.Returns & ExchangesWe ask you to check your requirements carefully before ordering any products advertised, as all items are manufactured specifically to order and to the customers specification. Therefore, and in accordance with distance selling business to business regulations, goods are not returnable.Once you have placed your order with us you will receive an order confirmation by email. This is your proof of purchase for you to check, should you notice any errors or omissions you must notify us immediately, as we will not be able to rectify errors at a later date.In the event of goods being received damaged or faulty we will exchange them, we will arrange for faulty goods to be collected and for replacement goods to be delivered. If you suspect damage at point of delivery please sign for the goods as damaged and notify us immediately on 0161 609 0262.Payment TermsSecure On-line Payment - When you "Proceed To Checkout" you will be given the option to pay by Credit or Debit card. Please complete all the details required. All our credit or debit card transactions are securely protected and processed using Sage Pay - a secure third party payment service. For your peace of mind we do not store or have access to, any credit card information. On successful completion of your order you will receive immediate confirmation by email that your payment has been authorised this email will also confirm your order details and payment status.Pay-Pal - We also offer Pay-Pal as a payment option. When processing your order please cross check that all details such as delivery and invoice addresses are correct before completing your order.Cheque/Bacs Transfer - To pay by Cheque or Bacs Transfer, add items to your shopping basket and proceed to checkout. Complete your details and choose the Cheque/Bacs Transfer payment options. Once you have completed your order you will receive an order confirmation by email, attached will be a proforma invoice in PDF format.  This proforma invoice will also contain our bank details should you wish to make a Bank Transfer. All cheques should be made payable to Panelwarehouse.com on receipt of payment your order will be put into production.Purchase Orders - We accept official purchase order numbers from Public Sector Education establishments (not private), Local Authorities, and departments within the Police, Fire Service, Ministry of Defence and The NHS. To process your order please select Pay By Invoice at Checkout and quote your purchase order number. Once we have received your order we will issue you with a 30 day invoice by email.Government Approved Supplier Status - we are an approved supplier to a number of organisations. If you would like Panel Warehouse to register as an approved supplier to your organisation then please contacts us on 0161 609 0262 or email your registration form to Key Accounts: cathy@panelwarehouse.comVATAll products are subject to VAT, you can view product prices with or without the VAT by selecting the relevant option on the top right hand side of the website.  Please note HMRC regulations state that we must charge VAT on all orders placed.CopyrightWe reserve all rights and licenses in respect of copyright for all content, designs, images and/or drawings supplied or on our website. The contents of this website, any email promotions, brochures or other material issued by us including any images, drawings or illustrations, are subject to copyright and may not be reproduced or copied without our specific written consent.
Sign Up For All The Latest News, Products And Special Offers
Follow UsFollow Us On FacebookFollow Us On TwitterFollow Us On InstagramFollow Us On PinterestFollow Us On YouTubeView Our Blog
Help & Information
Customer Services
FAQs
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Catalogue Request
Site Map
Your Order
Delivery & Returns
Payment & Security
Terms & Conditions
Order & Collect
Quick Order
Daily Deal
Our Store
About Us
Contact Us
How To Find Us
Want To Be A Reseller?
Competitions
Quick Links
Standard Office Screens
Folding Display Boards
Mobile Room Dividers
Economy Office Screens
Jumbo Display Boards
New Arrivals
Best Sellers
© 2020 Panel Warehouse. All Rights Reserved.
eCommerce by Visualsoft
Trustpilot
Panel Warehouse Registered office Barton Hall, Hardy Street, Manchester, M30 7NNCompany Registration Number 1998934 VAT no. 561 2308 68
?
Sign Up For All The Latest News, Products And Special Offers
Top