http://www.uscost.com/rib-uscost-privacy-policy/
Professional Services
iTWO
News & Press
Contact Us
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Profile & History
Management Team
News & Press
Subsidiaries & Partners
Job Openings
Senior Application Developer
Technical Support Specialist
Implementation Consultant
Professional Services
Industries
iTWO
Success Support
Contact
Search for:
RIB U.S.COST Privacy Policy
RIB U.S.COST has created this privacy statement (“Statement”) in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the RIB U.S.COST web site (the www.uscost.com) is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and clients, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of the change via email at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect. See our “Notification of Changes” section below.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first e-mail us at webmaster@uscost.com.
Collected Information
We require clients who fill out our online contact form or register to use the services (“Services”) offered on our site to give us contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, financial qualification , and the number of users within the organization that will be using the services. At the time you express interest in attaining additional information, or when you register for the service, we may also ask for additional personal information, such as title, department name, fax number, or additional company information, such as annual revenues, number of employees, or industry. Clients can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked.
RIB U.S.COST uses the information that we collect to set up services for individuals and their organizations. To users who have chosen to opt-in to email communications, we may also use the information to contact clients to further discuss customer interest in our company, the Services that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. Customer email addresses will not be distributed or shared. Separately, clients are also asked to provide an email address when registering for the service in order to receive a username and password. We may also email information such administrative-type emails which pertain to the primary service. These emails will not contain any marketing, advertising or promotional materials. For clients who have chosen to receive emails, we will send a Customer Newsletter. At the end of each Customer Newsletter and other emails not directly related to our core service will be instructions to opt-out of email communications. To opt-out, the client should reply to the email with “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line. Clients can also opt-out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by sending an email to webmaster@uscost.com
Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for in the RIB U.S.COST Legal Notice we do not disclose to any third party the information provided.
Clients of the Service will be using the Site to host data and information (“Data”). RIB U.S.COST will not review, share, distribute, print, or reference any such Data except as provided in the RIB U.S.COST Legal Notice, or as may be required by law. Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, or suspected violation of the Legal Notice, or as may be required by law. Of course, clients are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user-registration and password.
If users submit their resume online, we may ask for specific contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. This information is collected and used to assess the user’s qualifications for an open position within the company.
RIB U.S.COST also collects certain information from visitors and clients of the site to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer to our site in order to constantly improve the quality of the service. Such information, including IP addresses, are logged and aggregated to non-identifying statistics for our internal analysis. This tracking is not tied to a user’s personally identifiable information.
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. RIB U.S. COST will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. RIB U.S.COST does not store or track this information.
ParaGroups and the RIB U.S.COST service desk are owned, and operated by RIB U.S.COST. They use the supportcenteronline.com domain, and are co-branded to look like uscost.com. The information filled out on the Contact Sales page may be shared with the Service Desk if the user becomes a client of RIB U.S.COST. This is used to create their initial profile on the Service Desk and is completely manageable by the user. No information is shared directly with ParaGroups. Automatically generated profiles on ParaGroups come only from the Service Desk. This privacy policy covers only the site under the www.uscost.com domain, not the two sites mentioned above.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that forum and are used for record-keeping purposes at many networks. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving passwords, lists of potential purchases, personal preferences regarding the use of the particular Web site; and to make sure the user does not see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be industry standards. Our site uses cookies to enhance the user’s experience by allowing us to recognize a user’s return visit to our own service. Browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if users would prefer not to receive cookies, they may alter the configuration of their browser to refuse cookies. If they choose to have their browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users. The cookies created by our site do not contain personal information and are automatically removed shortly after a visitor leaves the site.
Disclosure – Usage of Third Party Cookies
We use a third-party tracking service from supportcenteronline.com to track and analyze non-personally identifiable information from visitors to our website who use a chat application. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual website visitors to any personally identifiable information. All data collected by such third parties on behalf of uscost.com is used only to provide us with information on site usage, and is not shared with any other third parties.
Third Party Sites
The site contains links to other web sites. RIB U.S.COST is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites. Clients and visitors will need to check the policy statement of these others web sites to understand their policies. Clients and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information. It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential.
Security
Our site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the data under our control. When our site is accessed using Netscape Navigator, or Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 4.0 or higher, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that data is safe, secure, and available only to you. RIB U.S.COST also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and hosts the site in a secure-server-environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Finally, RIB U.S.COST provides unique user names and passwords that must be entered each time a customer logs on. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of data.
Opt-Out Policy
RIB U.S.COST offers its’ visitors and clients a means to choose how we may use information provided. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering services, you change your mind about receiving information from us, send your request to webmaster@uscost.com. At the end of each Customer Newsletter and other emails not directly related to our core service will be instructions to opt-out of email communications. To opt-out, the client should reply to the email with “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line.
Correcting & Updating Your Information
If clients need to update or change registration information they may do so by editing the administrator record. To update a Client Profile, log on to RIB U.S.COST and select the Administrator Account Settings to add or update information. To update billing information please email webmaster@uscost.com or call (770) 481-1600. To discontinue the service and to have data returned, email webmaster@uscost.com or call (770) 481-1600.
Notification of Changes
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Additional Information
Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this site should be directed to RIB U.S.COST’s security administrator by e-mailing such questions to webmaster@uscost.com.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
Tel: (770) 481-1600
Email: webmaster@uscost.com
Address: 1200 Abernathy Road, Suite 950, Atlanta, GA 30005 USA
Comments are closed.
Copyright © - 2020 RIB U.S.COST, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Legal Notice | Contact Us