https://www.kuranda.co.uk/cookie-policy/
About this cookie policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to this domain
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use ?
Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal information. For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.
Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
Marketing: Our website displays advertisements. These cookies are used to personalize the advertisements that we show to you so that they are meaningful to you. These cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.
The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.
Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media platforms.
Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
[cookie_audit columns=”cookie,description” heading=”The below list details the cookies used in our website.”]
How can I control the cookie preferences ?
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
close
Products
GlobalLink 520
£384.00 £337.92 including vat
Single turn coil
£60.00 including vat
Orion-Tr Smart DC-DC Charger Non Isolated
£246.00 £246.00 £216.48 including vat
Victron Centaur Charger 12v 200A Brand New
£2,028.00 £811.20 including vat
Vitrifrigo C42L Airlock Refrigerator - Special Price
£684.78 £534.12 including vat
Recent Posts
Jerba Campervans Gastrotour of Scotland
08/12/2020
No Comments
Why choose a Wallas Diesel Heater?
02/12/2020
No Comments
Kabola KB Ecoline HYBRID
30/09/2020
No Comments
Newsletter Subscribe
It only takes a second to find out about
our latest news and promotions...
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Please call us on 01663 734800.
We are open 8:30-5:30pm Mon-Fri.
Email us
READ OUR NEWS
Follow Us
Social media news...
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
linkedin
Blog
Customer Services
Contact Us
Track Order
About Us
Events
Kuranda UK Ltd
2020 created by Kuranda UK Ltd. Marine & Mobile Heating and Cooking & Electrical Systems.
Search
Home
Shop
Contact Us
Blog
About Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close
Sign in
close
Username or email *
Password *
Log in
Lost your password?
Remember me
No account yet?
Create an Account
Sidebar
Scroll To Top
HEY, WHY NOT SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER!
Be the first to learn about our latest trends and get exclusive offers
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
More info
Accept