http://www.elmwoodreclaimedtimber.com/resources/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Utility Nav Menu
Samples
Quote
Cart
800.705.0705
Covid 19 Info
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
Elmwood Reclaimed Timber is dedicated to providing a unique building experience through reclaimed antique wood and stone products. We set the highest possible standards for ourselves, guaranteeing you will be 100% satisfied with your reclaimed product investment. Throughout the whole process, from selecting the right materials for application to making sure your order arrives on time at the worksite, we are committed to providing you with superior quality reclaimed products.
Payment
In order for us to offer competitive pricing, we prefer you pay by check or bank wire transfer. We do accept payment by credit card however, a fee of 3% will be applied.
Lead Times
Normal lead times are 2-6 weeks or longer depending on products ordered; please let us know if you have special needs. Close to completion of your order, you will be contacted to arrange shipment/delivery.
Shipping & Delivery
Elmwood Reclaimed Timber will package your order according to its contents, method of freight and distance of travel to ensure that it arrives safely at your work site. If you have any special conditions regarding how you would like the order shipped or how it is delivered to the work site, please let us know as far in advance as possible and we will do our best to accommodate your needs.
Unloading at the Job Site
Upon delivery, the customer or customer's representative will be responsible for unloading the order. It is advisable to have plenty of assistance and/or equipment available to help. All deliveries are curbside deliveries; drivers are unable to enter your home. You will also need to consider accessibility to your street or driveway. Orders are typically shipped via full-size semi trucks. In the event that the delivery truck cannot get to your home, your order will need to be transferred to a smaller truck, if one is available (additional fees may apply, these will be paid directly to the carrier). If a smaller truck is not available, you will be asked to pick up the items at the trucking terminal.
Checking for Damage
PLEASE NOTE: At the time you receive your order, you MUST check for damages and/or missing items, and note that accordingly on the bill of lading. It's a good idea to have a copy of your invoice with you, so you can verify you received all of the items ordered. If you do not check the materials yourself, please make certain that the person signing for the shipment checks for damaged or missing items. If no damages are noted on the bill of lading, Elmwood Reclaimed Timber cannot be held responsible for any damages or shortages that occur.
To contact a member of our team or any of our sales representatives please use our contact us page or you can call us directly at 1-800-705-0705 (toll-free), and we will be glad to help you.
Quotation/Order/Cutlist Verification
Please be advised the quotation you accept is directly transformed into the order and cutlist that is used to manufacture the order. Please carefully examine the information specified on the quotation prior to its acceptance. Once a quotation is accepted and submitted to an order/cutlist the products manufactured/delivered will be in accordance with the information provided in the quotation/order/cutlist.
Terms and Conditions(Sales)
All quotations and sales of Elmwood Reclaimed Timber, Inc.’s (“Elmwood”) products ("Products"), both Products furnished by Elmwood from inventory without alteration or modification by Elmwood ("Basic Products"), and Products cut, milled or altered by Elmwood to accommodate Buyers order ("Custom Products"), are subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. Quotations and Orders
(a) Orders of Elmwood’s products (“Products”) based on Elmwood’s quotation are subject to acceptance by Buyer’s purchase order upon the terms hereof, and if any terms or conditions set forth in Buyer’s purchase order are at variance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, the terms and conditions set forth herein shall control. Buyer’s purchase order must be accompanied by a non-refundable deposit equal to 50% of Elmwood’s quotation (“Buyer’s Deposit”). Prices quoted are subject to change without notice or withdrawal at any time prior to Elmwood’s receipt of Buyer’s purchase order and Buyer’s Deposit.
(b) All quotations are F.O.B. Elmwood’s warehouse, Kansas City, Missouri, unless otherwise specified.
(c) Orders canceled by Buyer prior to shipment will result in Buyer’s forfeiture of Buyer’s Deposit.
2. Sales
(a) All sales are F.O.B. Elmwood’s warehouse in Kansas City, Missouri, unless otherwise specified. Delivery of Products of Delivery to Buyer or to the carrier shall constitute a transfer of title, ownership, and possession to and of the Products at such point of delivery, and the Products shall thereafter be at the Buyer’s risk. Buyer shall pay all shipping charges and any additional charges for special packaging requested by Buyer.
(b) All Sales are made subject to Buyer’s payment of all applicable State, County, City and Federal use sales and excise taxes.
3. Payment Terms
Terms for payment are Buyer’s non-refundable 50% Deposit with the submission of Buyer’s purchase order and the balance prior to the shipping date. Any account unpaid by the shipment date is subject to a service charge of 1- 1/2 percent per month on the unpaid balance and shipment will be delayed until full payment is received. Any account not paid within sixty (60) days of the initial shipment date will result in a cancellation of Buyer’s order and forfeiture of Buyer’s Deposit.
4. Shipping
All shipping dates are approximate only and are subject to confirmation by Elmwood at time of acceptance of the order. Shipping is also subject to unavoidable delays caused by material shortages, strikes, accidents or other causes beyond Elmwood’s control.
5. Returns
Except as hereinafter provided, for a period of 30 days after shipping date, Buyer may return any unused Basic Products. If those Basic Products are returned no later than 7 days after the Products were delivered to Buyer, Elmwood will replace the same with other Products or refund 50% of the purchase price of such Basic Products (the remaining 50% representing a non-refundable deposit), whichever Buyer shall elect. After such 7-day period, Elmwood will only replace the Basic Products returned. If the price of replacement Products exceeds the price of the Basic Products returned, such excess price must be paid prior to reshipment date. The cost of return and reshipment shall be paid by the Buyer. No Basic Products may be returned after 30 days from the shipping date. No return may be made of any Basic Product that has been installed, cut or altered by Buyer in any way. Custom Products cannot be returned.
6. Warranties
(a) All Products are sold “AS IS” and Elmwood’s sale warranties are solely that it is the owner of the Products sold Buyer and that the Products are delivered free from any security interest or other lien or encumbrance whatsoever. Products sold with old paint or stain may have lead-based paint hazards.
(b) THE WARRANTY PRINTED ABOVE IS THE ONLY WARRANTY MADE BY ELMWOOD
AS TO ITS PRODUCTS, AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTS ABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
7. Limitation of Liability
It is understood and agreed that any liability of Elmwood, whether in contract, in tort, under any warranty, in negligence or otherwise, shall not exceed the return of the amount of the purchase paid by Buyer and under no circumstances shall Elmwood be liable for special, direct, indirect or consequential damages. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the price quoted for Elmwood’s Products is consideration in the limitation of Elmwood’s liability. No action arising from the purchase of Elmwood’s Products may be brought by Buyer more than one year after the shipment date of such Products.
8. Waiver
Elmwood’s waiver of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any other term or condition.
9. Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between Elmwood and Buyer and such terms and conditions shall not be modified or amended except by a writing executed after the date hereof. These terms and conditions shall supersede any provisions, terms, and conditions contained in any purchase order or other writing Elmwood may receive from Buyer, and the rights of the parties shall be governed exclusively by the terms and conditions hereof.
10. Designation of Law and Forum
In any action brought hereunder, the parties waive their right to a trial before a jury. The parties agree that the laws of the State of Missouri shall control in any dispute and that such legal actions arising out of or related to the purchase and sale of Elmwood’s Products shall be brought in Jackson County, Missouri.
PLEASE NOTE: At the time you receive your order, you MUST check for damages and/or missing items, and note that accordingly on the bill of lading. It's a good idea to have a copy of your invoice with you, so you can verify you received all of the items ordered. If you do not check the materials yourself, please make certain that the person signing for the order checks for damaged or missing items. If no damages are noted on the bill of lading, Elmwood Reclaimed Timber cannot be held responsible for any damages or shortages that occur.
Terms and Conditions (Web Site Usage)
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We do not collect information from visitors of our site or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
An external PCI compliant payment gateway handles all CC transactions.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
• Keep track of advertisements.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.