http://www.nrca.net/privacy-policy
Visit the COVID-19 Resources for Roofing Contractors page. LEARN MORE
×
×
&nbspDon't show this again
Close
Home
Privacy Policy
The National Roofing Contractors Association (NRCA) is committed to protecting the privacy of our members and website users. To maintain efficient service while respecting the privacy of visitors to NRCA's website, NRCA has posted the following privacy policy.
Collection and use of information
We will collect personally identifiable information you provide to us, including but not limited to your name, employer's name, address, telephone and fax numbers, and email address. NRCA may use and store such information to notify you of official NRCA business, provide a product or service you requested, secure your membership status, evaluate member and prospective member needs and interests, and alert you of NRCA news, activities, services and benefits. Personally identifiable information will be collected only for the purposes of processing a credit card when ordering a product; submitting registration information for an educational program; and/or completing a membership application. Contact information from inquiries received by NRCA may be shared with NRCA members to provide a service, satisfy a question or develop a prospective business relationship. This information only will be collected when an inquiry is sent through NRCA's website.
NRCA reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics to measure interest in and use of the various areas of its website and inform advertisers of such information, as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners, sponsored content, etc. NRCA will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties.
Registration and order forms
To attend events, meetings, conferences and request products, you may be required to fill out a registration or order form and provide personally identifiable information that NRCA will use to process your registration or order. In addition, your name and information may appear on registration or attendee lists distributed at NRCA events, meetings and conferences to other attendees and third parties.
Data security
Online registration and information such as credit card numbers will be secured using a commercially accepted method of encryption. However, though we employ reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information sent over our website, please be aware that no method of electronic transmission is completely infallible, and we cannot guarantee its absolute safety.
Cookies
NRCA uses cookies to enhance your visit to our website. Cookies are pieces of stored information used to provide smoother navigation throughout the website, such as a saved password, and allow NRCA to assess the effectiveness of our website. You have the option of setting your computer to disable cookies or alert you when cookies are being used. If you choose to disable cookies, please be aware that portions of the NRCA website may not function properly on your computer.
Links to other websites
NRCA offers links to other websites. Once you leave www.nrca.net and link to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of that website. Please note NRCA is not responsible for the privacy policies of these other sites and hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility in connection with such linked sites.
Children's privacy
NRCA does not market its products or services to children. We do not knowingly collect information from website users less than 18 years of age.
Updating personal information
At any time, you may contact NRCA via the Contact Us section on our website, mail, telephone, fax or email to review, correct or update your personally identifiable information and to opt in or opt out of any service. We will provide opt-in and opt-out opportunities as applicable to the service or product being offered.
When you register for an account with NRCA, you have access to your profile page. Under "Profile" in the "My Account" section, you can review and update your personal data. You also can update your email communication preferences from NRCA.
European data protection
For residents of the European Union (EU): Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to what personal data of yours is stored by NRCA
Request correction to or completion of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data (also known as "the right to be forgotten")
Request the restriction or suppression of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request data portability, allowing you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purpose
Object to the processing of your personal data
Withdraw your consent
To exercise any of these rights, please contact NRCA using the Contact Us section on our website. You also can access your "Profile" page in the "My Account" section to make changes to your personal data.
If you believe NRCA has not complied with its obligations under the EU GDPR, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority. A list of data protection authorities can be found by clicking here.
Changes to privacy policy
NRCA reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy without advanced notice. The revised policy will be posted online and is effective immediately.
Acceptance of NRCA privacy policy terms
Using the NRCA website indicates your acceptance of our privacy policy. Your continued visits to the NRCA website after changes are posted to this policy will signify your acceptance of those changes.
Privacy policy contact information
Please direct question pertaining to the NRCA privacy policy to:
National Roofing Contractors Association (NRCA)
10255 W. Higgins Road
Suite 600
Rosemont, IL 60018-5607
Telephone: (847) 299-9070
Fax: (847) 299-1183
Email: tgerwen@nrca.net
NRCA's website rules of use
To keep NRCA's website attractive and useful for all users, NRCA requires all users to adhere to the following rules:
Respect other visitors to this site. Feel free to express yourself, but do not do anything to injure or harm others. Users are expected to exercise common sense and courtesy in the comments they leave on this site. Defamatory, obscene and other offensive communications are not acceptable forms of communication over this site and could lead to liability for those engaging in such improper communication.
Do not use NRCA's website to conduct activities that may be illegal. NRCA's website may not be used to encourage anything to do with illegal drugs, gambling, pornography, prostitution, child pornography, robbery, spreading computer viruses, cracking into private computer forums, software infringement, trafficking in credit card codes or other crimes.
Do not use NRCA's website to defame or disparage any members of NRCA or any other individuals.
Do not use NRCA's website to communicate with competitors about prices or terms of service or otherwise communicate in a way that may provide the basis for an inference that users agreed to take any action relating to prices, services, production, allocation of markets or any other matter having a market effect. Be sensitive to other matters that may raise particular antitrust concern, including membership restrictions, codes of ethics, product standardization and/or certification. The same rules against illegal agreements in restraint of trade that apply at members' meetings apply to communications on this site.
Do not upload or distribute files subject to trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights except with the express consent of the owner of the rights.
Respect the security of this website. Do not attempt to gain access to areas private to NRCA or its members.
This site may not be used in a manner that violates the bylaws or any other policies, procedures, rules or regulations of NRCA.
Information posted on this site will not be treated as confidential. In fact, because this site's communications may be downloaded without the knowledge of the sender(s), users should use care when posting or sending communications. Responses to discussion topics are not to be relied on as professional opinions or advice. NRCA may monitor information on the listservs and discussion forums and retains the right to remove posted messages that it believes are not in the best interests of NRCA.
NRCA reserves the right to modify or change the rules as it determines from time-to-time in the best interests of NRCA.
Legal notices
Copyright
All materials and information posted on NRCA's website are the property of NRCA, regardless of whether a copyright notice appears on the screen displaying the information. Users of NRCA's website may save and use information contained therein only for personal use. No other use, including reproduction, retransmission or editing of the information and materials posted on NRCA's website may be made without the prior written permission of NRCA. Permission may be requested by contacting NRCA's headquarters.
Trademark
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of NRCA may not be used in any manner without NRCA's prior written consent.
Links to third-party sites
Links or pointers on NRCA's website to other Internet sites are provided as a courtesy only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by NRCA of the site, the individual or organization sponsoring the site or any product, service or organization referenced on the site. Linked sites (those sites with an address that does not contain "nrca.net") are not under the control of NRCA and NRCA is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or of any link contained within a linked site or for any changes or updates to such sites.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall NRCA or any of its affiliates or the officers, directors, employees, members or agents of each of them be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages regardless of whether they have been advised of the possibility of such damages and on any theory of liability whatsoever arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of NRCA's website.
Disclaimers
NRCA is providing information and services on this website as a benefit and service in furtherance of NRCA's nonprofit and tax-exempt status. NRCA makes no warranty, guarantee or representation as to the accuracy or sufficiency of the information posted on the website, and NRCA assumes no responsibility or liability regarding the use or misuse of such information. NRCA makes no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose. Unless specifically stated otherwise, NRCA does not endorse, approve, recommend or certify any information, product, process, service or organization presented or mentioned on NRCA's website, and information from the website should not be referenced in any way to imply such approval or endorsement. NRCA expressly disclaims any and all liability or responsibility for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or other damages arising out of any individual's use of, reference to, reliance on or inability to use NRCA's website or the information presented on the site.
Calendar
NRCA
Education
Industry
March 23, 2021Diversity + Inclusion ForumWashington, D.C.
March 23-24, 2021Roofing Day in D.C. 2021Washington, D.C.
April 21-24, 2021Roofing Alliance Member MeetingSarasota, Fla.
June 6-12, 2021National Roofing Week
+Full List of Events
Dec. 11Legal Webinar Series: Redefined by COVID-19: What Does 2021 Hold for Your Business?Online
Dec. 15-16NRCA’s Qualified Trainer Virtual ConferenceOnline
Dec. 17Virtual Roofing Industry Fall Protection from A to ZOnline
Jan. 15, 2021Legal Webinar Series: Navigating Wage and Hour Issues in the Roofing IndustryOnline
+Full List of Events
Jan. 20-22, 2021Roofing Week in ChicagoOakbrook Terrace, Ill.
Mrach 2-4, 2021International Roofing Expo 2021—Virtual EditionOnline
March 4-9, 2021IIBEC 2021 International Convention and Trade ShowPhoenix
May 4-6, 2021NERCA's 94th Annual Convention & Trade ShowAtlantic City, N.J.
+Full List of Events
Advertisement
Sponsored Link