http://www.clotheyourspirit.com/terms-and-conditions/
Services
Color Analysis
Small Group Sessions
Custom Makeup Session
Personal Styling
Photography
Digital Consultation
Testimonials
Cosmetics
Lipsticks
About Lipstick
Cream Blush
Face Powder
Lip Pencils
Shop All
Makeovers
Raves
Books
Quotes
Mermaids – Coming Soon
Blog
Gallery
California Spring
California Summer
California Autumn
California Winter
Hawaii Ocean Views
Hawaii Mountain Views
High Sierras
Shop
Virtual Classes
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Clothe Your Spirit Image Consulting Service’s (“Clothe Your Spirit”) relationship with you in relation to this website.
Ordering, Shipping, Handling and Returns
Clothe Your Spirit is the parent company and responsible for all transactions and communications. Below is helpful information about ordering, shipping, handling and returns.
Payment Options
Clothe Your Spirit accepts American Express, MasterCard, and Visa. Credit card information entered in the site is secure and safe. All orders placed on this website are encrypted, thereby protecting any credit card information that is submitted at the time of the order. If you are uncomfortable entering your credit card information online, we will be happy to accept your order by phone. Please call 1-707-479-4027.
As email is not a secure method of transmitting credit card information, we advise that for your protection you do NOT send credit card information via an e-mail message to Customer Service. Instead, we suggest that you call us directly with your credit card information. Pre-paid orders by check or money order are also accepted.
Sales Tax
All orders shipped from Clothe Your Spirit will be subject to sales tax, applicable in accordance with California State tax codes. Orders shipped to states other than California will not incur sales tax. Tax is estimated at the time an order is placed, and a final calculation of the actual sales tax will be reflected on your order confirmation e-mail and packing slip.
International Orders
We do not ship outside the U.S. when purchases are made online. If you are interested in purchasing products and live outside the U.S. please contact us.
Shipping Confirmation
Upon check-out, an email will be sent to you with a copy of your order. Your package will go out within 7 days by standard shipping. If there is a delay in your product being shipped, you will be notified by email.
Shipping Methods and Rates
Our orders are shipped on business days (Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays.) Our standard shipping carrier is USPS. We kindly ask that you anticipate 3-5 business days for standard shipping.
Orders to Alaska, Hawaii, and the US Virgin Islands take 6 to 8 business days.
If you wish to have your order expedited, please contact us.
Change Submitted Orders
If you need to change an order you have already placed, please contact us within 24 hours. We will always do our best to accommodate your needs.
Report Order Problem
If your order is missing a product, contains a damaged item, or other concern, please email us at beauty@growingmorebeautiful.com. To expedite your request, please have your order confirmation number available. We will always do our best to accommodate your concern as efficiently as possible. If there is any further problem feel free to call us at 707-479-4027.
Returns and Exchanges
Due to the handmade nature of the products, returns or exchanges are not available. If you are unsure of your color selection, please order the sampler package. Only damaged or incorrect products can be exchanged for undamaged goods. If you need to return a product due to damage or error we will refund the shipping costs to return the damaged item to us via mail or delivery. Please mail your exchange to us at 6 Scenic Way, Petaluma CA 94952. If we need to issue a refund it will either be by check or a credit to the card you used to place your order.
Ingredients
All products are gluten free and cruelty free. At no point in the production of the materials are they ever tested on animals. Full ingredient disclosure is available, please contact us. Clothe Your Spirit is not responsible for any adverse reaction to any product.
Choose carefully if you have known allergies.
Terms and Conditions
Important Information about This Legal Contract
You agree to this User Agreement, and all of its terms and conditions, by visiting, browsing, shopping, accessing or otherwise using the Site. These terms and conditions are subject to change without prior notice at any time, at Clothe Your Spirit’s sole discretion. By visiting, browsing, shopping, accessing or otherwise using the Site after a change has been posted to the Site, the Customer accepts that change. Customers should check this User Agreement and the Privacy Pledge frequently.
Acceptance of Contract Terms
This User Agreement, and all of its terms and conditions, constitute a legal contract between you and Clothe Your Spirit (References to “you” or “your” shall refer to a customer of Clothe Your Spirit or other party that visits, browses, shops, accesses or otherwise uses the Site (the “Customer”);
By visiting, browsing, shopping, accessing or otherwise using this site (“Site”), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this User Agreement and comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to this User Agreement, as it may be changed by Clothe Your Spirit from time to time, do not use this Site. The material provided on this Site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States copyright law and international treaties. This Site is controlled and operated by Clothe Your Spirit from its offices within the United States. Clothe Your Spirit makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is not authorized. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Any claim relating to, and the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the state of CA without regard to conflict of law rules. You consent to jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in SONOMA County, CA to hear any such claims.
Access, Interference and Linking
Clothe Your Spirit grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except as provided below under “Use Restrictions,” or with express written consent of Clothe Your Spirit.
The following activity on the Site is expressly prohibited: Any non-personal or commercial use of any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy portions of the Site or the content contained herein, collection or use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices, from the Site for the benefit of another merchant that supplies products competitive with or comparable to those offered on the Site; and, any use of, visits to, or other action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Site, or otherwise interferes with its proper and timely functioning.
Use Restrictions
The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by Clothe Your Spirit or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Clothe Your Spirit or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only; provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials. You also may not, without Clothe Your Spirit’s prior written permission, “mirror” any material contained on this Site on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CLOTHE YOUR SPIRIT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF CLOTHE YOUR SPIRIT AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ANY COSTS THEREOF. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Arbitration
By accessing the Site and using the information therein available and/or by purchasing any products or services made available through this Site, you agree with Clothe Your Spirit, its service providers, agents, employees, successors, assigns, affiliates, parents, subsidiaries and any content provider or offer or of goods or services on this Site or through any other associated activity, that ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE UNDER THE USER AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE THAT YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST ANY OF THESE PERSONS OR ENTITIES, WHETHER RELATED TO THE DESCRIBED TRANSACTIONS OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING THE ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, WILL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY AND FINALLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION under the Code of Procedure of ARBITRATION-FORUM.COM (the “Code”) in effect at the time the claim is filed. The Code is available at http://www.arbitration-forum.com. Notwithstanding any choice of law provision included in this User Agreement, this arbitration agreement is subject to the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16) and the New York Convention on the Enforcement of Arbitration Awards (9 U.S.C. §§ 201-208 or as codified in the jurisdiction where enforcement of the award is sought). Hearings shall be held as provided by the Code and if any In-person Hearing is required, it shall be held in Petaluma, CA. Each party shall bear its own cost of any legal representation, discovery, or research required to complete arbitration.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to this Site.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use the Site only with a parent or guardian. Clothe Your Spirit reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
Communications to Clothe Your Spirit
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Clothe Your Spirit for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Clothe Your Spirit is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to Clothe Your Spirit or the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Copyright Complaints
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact:
Clothe Your Spirit
6 Scenic Way
Petaluma CA 94952
beauty@growingmorebeautiful.com
707-479-4027
Disagreement with These Terms and Conditions
If you disagree with any of the terms and conditions of this User Agreement, please do not visit, browse, shop, access or otherwise use this Site.
TERMS and CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE (“SALE AGREEMENT”) VERY CAREFULLY.
THE CUSTOMER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS SALE AGREEMENT AND ACCEPTS ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS (UNLESS THE CUSTOMER HAS SIGNED A SEPARATE FORMAL PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH CLOTHE YOUR SPIRIT, IN WHICH CASE THE SEPARATE AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN).
Title; Risk of Loss
Title to goods herein being purchased is retained by the seller until goods are paid for by the purchaser and at that time title passes to the purchaser. Loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by Clothe Your Spirit is our responsibility. Loss or damage that occurs during shipping by a carrier selected by Customer is Customer’s responsibility. Title to software will remain with the applicable licensor(s).
Pricing and Information Disclaimer
All pricing subject to change. For all prices, products and offers, Clothe Your Spirit reserves the right to make adjustments due to changing market conditions, product discontinuation, manufacturer price changes, errors in advertisements and other extenuating circumstances. High volume bids are welcome!
While Clothe Your Spirit uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Clothe Your Spirit makes no warranties or representations as to the Site’s accuracy. Clothe Your Spirit assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
Product Categories
Books
Cosmetics
Cream Blush
Custom
Face Powder
Lip Pencils
Lipsticks
Jewelry
View Cart
Contact Jennifer
beauty@growingmorebeautiful.com
Tel. 707.479.4027
FacebookInstagramPinterestYouTube
Stay in the Know
First Name Last Name E-Mail Address
About Jennifer …
Jennifer Robin is an image consultant, stylist, award winning author and visual artist. Owner of Clothe Your Spirit Image Consultant Service and creator of J.Robin Cosmetics, she is recognized as one of the top design and color innovators in the beauty industry. Her most recent book is Growing More Beautiful: An Artful Approach to Personal Style.
Read More...