http://www.mercurymarine.com/en/us/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Sign Up
Brunswick Corporation Cookie Policy
Effective date: [May 17, 2018]
Brunswick Corporation, and any affiliated or subsidiary company, (“Brunswick”, “us” or “we”) respects your privacy and is committed to being transparent about the technologies we use.  This Cookie Policy explains our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, including, but not limited to web beacons, pixels, clear gifs, and other similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies”) on any website or app that posts a link to this Cookie Policy (collectively, the “Sites”).  This Cookie Policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
By continuing to browse or use our Sites, you agree that we can store and access Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies as described in this Cookie Policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A Cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our Sites, to the extent you agree.  The Other Tracking Technologies work similarly to Cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our Sites. This allows our Sites to recognize your device
from those of other users of the Sites. The information provided below about Cookies also applies to these Other Tracking Technologies.
You can find more information at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
How do our Sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Brunswick uses Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences, and to track your use of our Sites. We also use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies to control access to certain content on our Sites, protect the Sites, and to process any requests that you make of us.
To administer our Sites and for research purposes, Brunswick also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyze statistical usage and volume information from our Site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us to improve the user experience, manage the content on our Sites, and analyze how users navigate and utilize the Sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
“First party Cookies” are cookies that belong to Brunswick and that Brunswick places on your device. “Third-party Cookies” are cookies that another party places on your device through our Sites.
Brunswick may contract with third-party service providers to send e-mails to users who have provided us with their contact information. To help measure and improve the effectiveness of our e-mail communications, and/or to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on, the third-party service providers may place Cookies on the devices of these users.
For more information on how these companies collect and use information on our behalf, please refer to their privacy policies as indicated below.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Persistent Cookies. We use persistent Cookies to improve your experience of using the Sites.
This includes recording your acceptance of our Cookie Policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you use the Sites.  Persistent Cookies remain on your device until the expiry date specified in the Cookie is reached.
Session Cookies. Session Cookies are temporary and deleted from your device when your web browser closes. We use session Cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Sites.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our system will issue Cookies when you direct your browser to our Sites.
The data collected by the Sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not
be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above.
Our Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Cookie Type and Purpose
Strictly Necessary/ Technical
These Cookies are necessary to allow us to operate our Sites so you may access them as you have requested. These Cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites.
Analytical/ Performance
These Cookies are used by us or third-party service providers to analyze how the Sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these Cookies track what pages are most frequently visited, and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these Cookies may be correlated to you. These Cookies include, for example, Google Analytics cookies.
Functionality
These Cookies let us operate the Sites in accordance with the choices you make. These Cookies permit us to "remember" you in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the Sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Third-Party Advertising
These Cookies collect information about your activities on these and other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use Cookies on the Sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these Cookies, such as Adobe, Google, LinkedIn, and Facebook, have their own privacy policies, and may use their Cookies to target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to our Sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
You can stop cookies from being downloaded on your device by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser's menu or by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.  Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to access or take full advantage of all our Sites features.
Most browsers allow users to use a “private mode” by which cookies are deleted after your website visit.  Please read the help section of your browser to learn more about how to activate the “private mode.”  You could still visit our website if your browser is in “private mode”; however, the user experience may not be optimal and some utilities may not work.
If you want to remove previously-stored Cookies, you can manually delete the Cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent the Sites from placing further Cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
Brunswick Corporation
Attn: Law Department
26125 N. Riverwoods Blvd.
Suite 500
Mettawa, IL 60045
Phone: 855-283-1103 or 847-735-4002
Email: privacy@brunswick.com
Sign up to receive the latest tips, promotions and news from Mercury
Sign Up
Back
close
Sign Up For Email
Enter your email address to receive the latest tips, promotions and news from Mercury.
Submit
By checking this box you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
By checking this box you confirm you would like to recieve more information about our products/services, events, news and offers via email.
error
No thanks. Continue to MercuryMarine.com
close
Sorry, your browser is not supported
Please consider upgrading to a more up-to-date browser. The most popular browsers are Chrome, Edge, and Safari. Upgrading to the latest version of one of these will make the web safer, faster, and better looking.
Continue without updating (not recommended)
close
MercuryMarine.com uses cookies
This website uses cookies to enhance and improve your browsing experience.  For further information on how we use cookies and how to change your browser settings, please read our Cookie Policy.
By closing this message, I acknowledge and accept the Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy, and agree that my information may be transferred to the U.S., if I am outside the U.S.
Cookie Policy
http://www.mercurymarine.com/en/us/cookie-policy