http://www.olympus-europa.com/privacy
About Olympus
Company Profile
Olympus Global
Facts & Milestones
Facts
Milestones
Our Corporate Philosophy
Our Purpose and Core Values
Management
Social Responsibility
Healthcare
Photography
Natural Sciences
Future Careers
Environment
Ethics and Integrity
Businesses
Medical Systems
Camera & Audio
Life Science Solutions
Industrial Solutions
Careers
Jobs
Applicant Profile
Job Subscription
Speculative Application
Working at Olympus
Your Entry Level
Professionals
Graduates
Students
Pupils
Development
News
Press Releases
Stories
Media
Publications
Press Contacts
Contact
Product and Customer Support
Locations
Contact Form
Company Home
Privacy Notice
Your privacy and the security of your personal data are very important to us. We therefore make the following Privacy Notice available to you to transparently provide you with information according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) - GDPR:
Who is processing your dataWhy is the processing of your data important for usWhat kind of data we processWhen we process your data andYour rights concerning the processing of your data
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. For more information about the use of cookies on our websites, please see our Cookie Policy.
1. Contact Details
If you want to know the contact details of the data controller for this website please see our imprint.
To contact our Group Data Protection Officer please send an e-mail to dataprotection@olympus-europa.com.
2. General Information about the Processing of Your Data
Personal data is only collected and processed by us if this is necessary to provide a functional and conveniently operated website as well as to provide you with our contents and services.
We process your data only and insofar this is permitted by national and European legal regulations. The legal grounds on which processing is carried out is explained on a case by case basis below. We also explain to you why we process your data and in which situations/regarding which services.
Your data will be stored until the purpose of storage no longer applies. In some cases, European or national regulations, laws or other regulations or contracts to which we are subject prescribe a longer or shorter storage period. The data will then be deleted at the end of this period. Further details can be found on a case by case basis below.
3. Processing of Your Data
3.1 Visiting our Websites and the Creation of Logfiles
Every time you visit our website, our system automatically collects data and information from your computer system. We collect the following data as such:
IP addressBrowser type/versionDevice Operating systemDate and time of accessCountryLanguage
This data is also stored in the log files of our system.
The aforementioned data is not stored together with other personal data. It is necessary that our system temporarily stores the users’ IP address so that the website can be delivered to your computer. Your IP address must remain stored for the duration of the respective use of the website. The storage in log files therefore supports the functionality of the website. We also use this data to optimize our website and improve the security of our information technology systems. The data will not be used for marketing purposes in this context. The legal ground for the temporary storage of data and log files is Article 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR .
The data is stored as long as it is necessary to achieve the purpose for its collection. The data that is required for the functionality of the websitewill be deleted after the respective session has ended. Any other data will bestored only for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected.
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is necessary for the operation of the website.
3.2 Registration
On our websites we offer you the possibility to register for different services. For further details regarding the certain registration platform, please see the drop-down boxes below.
Online Shop
Registration to create a Profile (Sign Up)
To create a personal profile on our websites, you have to fill in certain data in an input mask. The inserted data are transmitted to us and stored by us and will be transferred to other Olympus group entities within Europe. The following data is collected necessarily during the registration process:
SalutationFirstNameLastNameTax number for ItalyStreet and NumberZip CodeCityCountryPhoneE-mailPasswordAgreement/ consent for Terms of use (MyOlympus)
In the account settings and on certain websites you can also provide other voluntary profile information, such as:
TitleCompanyVATAdditional addressRegionFax NumberBirthdayCompanyPictureProduct-Registering (date of purchase and serial number of device)Newsletter subscription
As the registration is required for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, Article 6 para. 1 b) GDPR serves as a legal ground. We use your data to manage your product registrations and connect them with your account, if you choose to disclose this information to us. Please note, that in case of a successful registration you can also log-in on other platforms like the MyOlympus-Community, our Online shop or the Test & Wow platform, hence you may have to submit further data when you log-in for the first time.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This applies to data in connection with contracts if this is no longer necessary for the execution of the contract. We may be contractually or legally obliged to store data even after termination of the contract (e.g. for tax purposes).
You can cancel your registration at any time. You can change your saved data at any time by changing your settings on the profilepage. If the data is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or for the execution of pre-contractual measures, an early deletion can only take place, however, if contractual or legal obligations permit such deletion.
MyOlympus
Registration to create a Profile (Sign Up) for MyOlympus Services
To create a personal profile on our websites, you have to fill in certain data in an input mask. The inserted data are transmitted to us and stored by us and will be transferred to other Olympus group entities within Europe. The following data is collected during the registration process:
SalutationFirstNameLastNameNicknameE-mailCountryPassword“Im not a robot” – checkAgreement/ consent for Terms of use (MyOlympus)
In the account settings and on certain websites you can also provide other voluntary profile information, such as:
Street and NumberPostal CodeCityPhone NumberBirthdayPictureAvatarProduct-Registering (date of purchase and serial number of device)Additional Information can be clicked regarding your product and service related interests preferencesContent for a public profile/ setcard incl. text and picturesNewsletter subscription
As the registration is required for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, Article 6 para. 1 b) GDPR serves as a legal ground. We use your data to manage your product registrations and connect them with your account, if you choose to disclose this information to us. For further information review the contractual “Terms of use” of MyOlympus.
Please note, that in case of a successful registration you can also log-in on other platforms like the MyOlympus-Community, our Online shop or the Test & Wow platform, hence you have to submit further data when you log-in for the first time.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This applies to data in connection with contracts if this is no longer necessary for the execution of the contract. We may be contractually or legally obliged to store data even after termination of the contract (e.g. for tax purposes).
You can cancel your registration at any time. You can change your saved data at any time by changing your settings on the profile-page. You can also withdraw the consent given during registration at any time. If the data is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or for the execution of pre-contractual measures, an early deletion can only take place, however, if contractual or legal obligations permit such deletion.
Registration for participating in an Event/ a MyOlympus Service
To participate at an event which is promoted through MyOlympus-community you have to fill in an input mask. The inserted data are transmitted to us and stored by us and will be transferred to other Olympus group entities within Europe. The following data is collected during the registration process:
Salutation (gender) - mandatoryFirst name - mandatoryLast name - mandatoryE-mail - mandatoryPhone - optionalCompany - optionalCountry - optionalCity - optionalStreet - optionalHouse number - optionalZip code - optional
The legal ground for processing data in this regard is Article 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This applies to data in connection with contracts if this is no longer necessary for the execution of the contract. We may be contractually or legally obliged to store data even after termination of the contract (e.g. for tax purposes).
Training (MSD)
Registration for Training
To register for an offered medical training on our website, you have to fill in an input mask or, if you have filled it in already before, you have to log-in at “My Olympus” training profile. The inserted data are transmitted to us and stored by us and a “My Olympus” training profile will be created for you. The data will be processed by our contractual service partner (for further information please see Chapter 5 below). The following data are collected during the registration process:
SalutationNameLoginPasswordLanguageOccupation/FunctionDepartmentHospital/Practice/CompanyAddressZIP CodeCityCountryFurthermore, you can add additional voluntary data like Academic titleField of activityPositionTelephone number
We assigned Haufe-Umantis AG with the registration service.
We use your data to:
Process your enquiry for a training and contact you for organizational reasons
Before completion of the registration, we ask you to consent to the processing of your data by Olympus and link to this privacy policy (by implementing a hyperlink). If you give your consent, the legal basis for processing the data is Article 6 para. 1 a) GDPR. Furthermore, the registration is required for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, hence Article 6 para. 1 b) GDPR serves as an additional legal basis because we use your data to register you for the certain training.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This applies to data in connection with contracts if this is no longer necessary for the execution of the contract. We may be contractually or legally obliged to store data even after termination of the contract (e.g. for tax purposes).
3.3 Submit an Application
To submit an application to us by using our website, you have to enter your data in an input mask (no signing-up is necessary) and click on submit. The inserted data is transmitted to us and stored by us. The data will be processed by our contractual service partner (for further information please see Chapter 5 below).
The following data are collected during the registration process:
SalutationFirst nameLast nameE-mail address or loginPasswordUser LanguageLetter of application and CV“How did you hear about us”Data release – Possibility to tick “I consent to my data being stored if my application is unsuccessful and to being advised of any future vacancies” and “I would like my data to be deleted once the present application process is complete
Before completion of the application, we ask you to consent to the processing of your data by us and give you a notice to this privacy policy (implementing a hyperlink to this privacy policy). If the consent is given, the legal basis for processing the data is Article 6 para. 1 a) GDPR. Furthermore, processing your data is required for pre-contractual obligations, hence Article 6 para. 1 b) GDPR serves as an additional legal basis.
We assigned Haufe-Umantis AG with the registration service.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This applies to data in connection with contracts if this is no longer necessary for the execution of the contract. We may be contractually or legally obliged to store data even after termination of the contract (e. g. for tax purposes). Which storage periods apply here must be determined individually for the respective contracts and contractual parties.
You can cancel your registration at any time. You can change your saved data at any time. You can also withdraw the consent given during registration at any time. If the data is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or for the execution of pre-contractual measures, an early deletion can only take place, however, if contractual or legal obligations permit such deletion.
3.4 E-Mail Marketing
With your consent you can subscribe to our newsletter on our websites, with which we inform you about our current interesting offers.
In general, we use the so-called double-opt-in procedure if you want to register for our newsletter. This means that after your registration we will send you an e-mail to your provided e-mail address, in which we ask you to confirm that you indeed wish to receive the newsletter. If you do not confirm your registration your information will be automatically deleted. In addition, we store your date of registration and confirmation. The purpose of this procedure is to prove your registration and, if necessary, to clarify a possible misuse of your personal data.
A MyOlympus account registration is obligatory for receiving the newsletter of the Consumer Products Division. The entry of further e.g. “My interests”, separately marked data is voluntary and will be used to address you personally. After your confirmation we will save your e-mail address for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. The legal ground for processing data in this regard is Article 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Furthermore, processing your data is required for pre-contractual obligations, hence Article 6 para. 1 b) and f) GDPR serve as an additional legal basis because the processing of your data is necessary to provide you with the newsletter.
You can revoke your consent to receive the newsletter at any time and unsubscribe from the newsletter. You can declare your revocation by clicking on the link provided in each newsletter e-mail or by sending a message to the contact details given in the imprint.
Please notice that we evaluate your user behaviour when sending the newsletter. For this evaluation, the e-mails sent contain so-called web beacons or tracking pixels, which represent one-pixel image files stored on our website. For the evaluations we link the data that we processed and the web beacons with your e-mail address and an individual ID. Links received in the newsletter also contain this ID. With the obtained data, we create a user profile in order to tailor the newsletter to your individual interests.
We record if and when you read our newsletters, which links you clicked and deduce your personal interests from this information. The data will be processed by our contractual service partner. We link this data to actions taken by you on our website.
The information is stored as long as you stay subscribed to the newsletter. After an unsubscription, we store the data purely statistically and anonymously. Please note that your withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
3.5 Contacting us through Contact Form or E-Mail
If you contact us through our contact form or by sending an e-mail, the personal data transmitted with your e-mail and the data you filled in the contact form will be stored.
Regarding the contact form we process the following data (as a maximum) – Consumer Product Division:
Website:
Type of request*Salutation*TitleFirstName*Lastname*E-mail address*Company/organisationPositionCountry*Street and noPostcodeCityPhone numberFaxProduct modelMessage“Im not a robot” - check
Additional fields for website Audio contact form:
Please contact me by: phone, e-mail, PostIndustry*Employees*I’m interested in*: Speech Documentation Solutions in general, Upgrading existing dictation solution, Transcription solutions, Benefits of digital dictation (compared to analogue dictation), Product trail, Others
Additional fields for Olympus Test & Wow Platform:
Language
As soon as your message is sent, the following data will also be stored:
Website forms: All data which are entered by the form will be sent by e-mail to assigned contact persons (depending on type of request). Olympus ECSC enters the customer data to Olympus CRM system for the needed time in order to be able to support regarding the requestOlympus Test & Wow forms: All data which are entered by the form will be stored at My Olympus customer data base.
For this processing of data, we ask for your consent before sending the message and refer to this privacy terms by implementing a hyperlink.
MEDICAL Contact Forms
Subject/reason for contactFirst and Last NameCountryE-mail addressMessage
Furthermore, you can add additional voluntary data like:
SalutationPhonePositionOrganizationFaxStreetZipCity
As soon as your message is sent, the following data will also be stored:
All fields you filled out in the contact form
The legal basis for data processing in this respect is Art. 6 para. 1 lit a GDPR. The processing of other data (e.g. connection data) during the sending process should prevent misuse of the contact form and guarantee the security of our information technology systems. The legal basis in this respect is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Regarding the processing of your data through sending us an e-mail the legal basis is also Article 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, as we have a legitimate interest to process these data. We process personal data from e-mails as well as from the contact form exclusively for the treatment of the establishment of contact and will transfer it to other Olympus group entities within Europe in this respect. The data is used exclusively for correspondence. If the establishment of contact is in connection with the conclusion of a contract, Article 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR is additionally the legal ground for the processing.
We delete your data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This case occurs if the respective correspondence with you is terminated. Correspondence is terminated when it is obvious that the questions/reasons for sending the message have been finally clarified. Personal data additionally collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
You can revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If you contact us by e-mail you can object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In this case, however, we will not response to your message.
3.6 Online shop-Features/-Functions regarding Ordering Products or Services – Consumer Product Division
We collect your personal data for our online shop if you order one of our products in the online shop or register a product. This data includes:
Salutation*TitleName*CompanyVATE-mail address*Postal addressCountry*Telephone numberE-mail address*Password*Depending on your payment type, required details e.g. credit card dataOther personal data you give us voluntarily
Your personal data will be used by us and our service partners (postal and parcel services), as far as this is necessary for the establishment, execution or termination of an agreement with you or for the use of a service provided by us. It is especially needed for:
Website managementImproving our website as per usage habitsEnabling the use of particular services on our websiteHandling your ordersCorrespondence in connection with your ordersSending invoices and handling the payment processAnswer your questions
This processing of your data is based on Article 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR as it is necessary for us to process your data to execute our contractual obligations (delivery of the product). Regarding the improvement of our website and the use of particular services on our website the processing of your data is based on Article 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR as we have a legitimate interest in improving our services for the future. The transmission of your data to the service providers mentioned above is also based on Article 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR as they offer payment methods which make it easier for you to pay the products.
We delete your data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. As the data is necessary for the fulfilment of the contract, we basically store your data until the end of the contract. However, we reserve the right to store the data as long as it may be necessary to handle any possible warranty claims. Furthermore we may be contractually or legally obliged to store data even after termination of the contract (e. g. for tax purposes). Which storage period applies here must be determined individually for the respective contract and contractual parties.
You can revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the data is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract or for the execution of pre-contractual measures an early deletion can only take place, however, if contractual or legal obligations permit such deletion.
We will not disclose personal data to third parties without your consent except other Olympus Group and associated companies like the payment service provider (PayPal and Wirecard Bank AG / RatePay GmbH) and postal and parcel service providers. These service providers may further transfer your data to credit reference agencies. The personal data which is necessary for the transaction will be stored and used by us to the required extent for order processing and/or forwarded to service providers and for the purpose of data processing on our behalf. If goods are ordered to a country outside of Germany data are passed on to postal and parcel services abroad as far as this is necessary for the appropriate dispatch. Regarding the services of Wirecard Bank AG /RatePay GmbH and PayPal please note the following:
3.6.1 Wirecard Bank AG, RatePay GmbH and Klarna Bank AB (publ)
Depending on the payment type and availability the payment processes are provided by Wirecard Bank AG (“Wirecard payment type”). If a Wirecard payment type is available and selected (incl. credit card, p24, ideal, Sofortüberweisung, invoice, installment), the following data may be transferred to RatePay GmbH, Schlüterstrasse 39, D-10629 Berlin, Germany, Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm , Sweden, and Wirecard Bank AG, Einsteinring 35, D-85609 Aschheim, Germany and processed there for the purposes stated below:
Title, first name, surname, date of birth, address, e-mail address and phone numberThe Social Security Number for Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden Account data (for a Wirecard payment type direct debit): Account holder, account number, sort code, bank, IBAN, BIC/SwiftOrder data: Data on current previous and/or future customer orders with the retailer and other online shops working with Wirecard, RatePay and Klarna, e.g. information on the products and payment types selected by the end customerCreditworthiness data: Data, in particular from credit agencies, that provides information on the customer’s credit status, e.g. information on any claims against the customer and other creditworthiness dataTechnical data: Data on the device used by the customer for the ordering processIP-address
The customer data is used for the following purposes:
Risk checking for orders with the retailerTransfer of customer data to Wirecard, RatePay and Klarna and forwarding the customer data relating to requesting, starting or ending the contract between the end customer and Olympus by Wirecard, RatePay and/or Klarna to SCHUFA Holding AG, Infoscore Consumer Data GmbH (ICD), Creditreform Boniversum GmbH, Deltavista GmbH and/or Bürgel Wirtschaftsinformationen GmbH & Co. KG (BWI) for the purposes of obtaining information from these credit reference agencies about the customer. This information may include credit scores based on mathematical-statistical processes that involve address data for their calculation. Wirecard is entitled to appoint another service provider at any time for the purposes of retaining information about the customer.Calculations of own score values and other grades (e. g. risk categories) by Wirecard and/or RatePay and/or Klarna.Making a decision by Wirecard on this basis on the provision of the Wirecard payment type desired by the customer (both for current and future orders in the Olympus shop) and transferring this to Olympus.Use of address data by Olympus and transfer of this to Wirecard, RatePay and/or Klarna in order to be able to assess the risk of payment defaults in individual cases.
Risk check for orders with other online shops:
Undertaking the risk checks described above via Wirecard, RatePay and/or Klarna for the operators of other online shops if the customer wants to submit an order using a Wirecard payment type with such an online shop.Transfer of customer data as part of the claim assignment to Wirecard and use of the customer data by Wirecard if this is required to assert and enforce the assigned claims.
3.6.2 PayPal
For payment via PayPal we pass on your payment data for processing to PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg ("PayPal"). PayPal reserves the right to carry out a credit check. The result of the credit check with regard to the statistical likelihood of payment default is used by PayPal to take a decision on the willingness to provide the payment method. The creditworthiness information may contain likelihood values (so-called score values). If score values flow into the result of the credit check they must be based on scientifically tenable mathematical-statistical procedures. Such data as address information flow into calculating the score values.
3.7 Blogging-Function with Comment-Feature/ a MyOlympus Service – Consumer Product Division
On our websites in the MyOlympus community we operate a so-called "weblog" or "blog" with comment function. If you would like to comment on a post, you must enter the text in the “Comment” field. These data are then transmitted to us when the comment is sent and stored by us. We store the following data if you comment on a blog-entry:
Time and date of sending the comment
The text entered in the "Comment" field and the user name or pseudonym are then visible to third parties under the commented blog post together with the name entered and the date and time of publication. Before sending the comment, we ask for your consent and refer you to this privacy terms. Insofar as the collection and processing of the data is based on your consent, Article 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR is the legal basis. Since the processing of your data is also necessary in order to publish your comment, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR also serves as a legal basis. The processing of further data during the sending process and storage in our system should prevent or at least limit an abuse of the comment function and should guarantee the security of our information technology system. Furthermore, we can only delete your comment at your own request if we can identify you. The legal basis for processing the aforementioned data is therefore also based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Data collected and processed in the context of the comment function is required as long as the comment is published. Even after deletion or removal of the comment, storage and processing of the data may be necessary if contractual or legal obligations require storage.
You can revoke the consent given before publication of the comment at any time. In this case we will delete all data collected in connection with the respective comment. This does not apply if statutory retention periods require further storage or processing by us.
3.8 Consumer Products Repair Status E-Mails
As a customer of our camera and audio products you have the possibility to use our Online Repair Registration and sent your product to our service centre. In case you provided us with your e-mail address you will be receiving e-mail updates with the progress of your repair. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. You can object to these e-mails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each status e-mail. After your objection, your data will no longer be processed for this purpose. In addition, you can always check the status by calling our hotline or via e-mail.
3.9 Survey for Satisfaction of Medical Systems Customers
We conduct surveys with our customers as we are always interested in your opinion of our range of products and services. As a customer of Olympus you will regularly receive an e-mail from us asking for your product and service evaluation. You will receive this e-mail from us regardless of whether you have subscribed to a newsletter or not. In doing so, we adhere to the legal requirements of the EU Directive 2002/58/EG. For this purpose, we use the e-mail address provided by you within the scope of the purchase to advertise our own products which you have purchased from us on the basis of an order already placed. You can object to this customer satisfaction e-mail at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates. After your objection, your data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
4. Termination for MyOlympus or Olympus-Online shop – Accounts – Consumer Product Division
You can withdraw your consent for the service registered for at any time and with future effect by logging into my account and choosing “Remove Account”. Please note that with this step all information and benefits connected with your account will also be deleted like product registrations you may have entered. For further information review the MyOlympus contractual “Terms of use”.
5. Transfer of Personal Data to Third Countries
As mentioned above in Chapter 3 we assign certain services to other companies. These companies may also be based in third countries outside the EU. In such cases your data will be processed in these third countries therefore we explain in the following table which services are assigned to these companies, where they are based and which legal requirements allow us to assign these companies with the processing of your data:
Process
Third Party
Third Country
Legal Ground
Registration for Training (Olympus Europa SE & Co. KG, MSD)
Haufe-Umantis AG
Switzerland
Adequacy Decision, Art. 45 (Switzerland: see EU-Commission Decision 2000/518/EC)
Submit an Application
Haufe-Umantis AG
Switzerland
Adequacy Decision, Art. 45 (Switzerland: see EU-Commission Decision 2000/518/EC)
6. Your Rights
We want to inform you about your rights concerning the processing of your personal data by us. If you have any questions concerning your rights or if you want to exercise one or several of your rights towards us please send us an e-mail to dataprivacy@olympus-europa.com.
6.1 Right to withdraw the data protection declaration of consent (Article 7 para. 3 GDPR)
In case that the processing of your data by us is based on your explicit consent you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until withdrawal. You will be informed about this right before you give your consent.
6.2 Right to information (Article 15 GDPR)
In accordance with Article 15 GDPR, you have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether we process personal data concerning you. If this is the case, you have a right to information about these personal data and to the following information: [list the information according to Article 15 GDPR]. When personal data is transferred to a third country or an international organization you have the right to be informed about appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipients are also in compliance with the provisions of the GDPR.
6.3 Right to correction (Article 16 GDPR)
You can request us to correct any incorrect data concerning you without delay. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you also have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data - also by means of a supplementary declaration.
6.4 Right to deletion or "right to be forgotten" (Article 17 GDPR)
You have the right to request the immediate deletion of your data if one of the following reasons applies:
data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,you withdraw your consent on which the processing was based and there is no other legal basis for the processing,you oppose to the processing pursuant to Article 21 para. 1 GDPR for reasons arising from your particular situation and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing,you oppose to the processing for direct marketing in accordance with Article 21 para. 2 GDPR,the data have been processed unlawfully,the deletion of data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under European or German law,the data were collected in relation to an offer of information society services directly to a child provided in accordance with Article 8 para. 1 GDPR.
We will comply with the request for deletion unless we are legally obliged or entitled to continue storing and processing your data. In particular legal retention periods are considered as legal obligations. Furthermore we are entitled to continued storage if we are unable to assert, exercise or defend legal claims without your data.
If we have made your data public and are obliged to delete it, we will take appropriate measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform those responsible if you have also requested the deletion from them.
6.5 Right to limitation of processing (Article 18 GDPR)
In accordance with Article 18 GDPR, we may only process data to a limited extent in the following cases:
you dispute the accuracy of your data until we are able to verify its accuracy,the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete your data and instead request that the use of personal data be restricted,we no longer need the data for the purposes of processing, but you do need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, oryou object to the processing pursuant to Article 21 para. 1 GDPR for reasons arising from your particular situation, as long as it is not yet clear whether the legitimate reasons for the processing by us outweigh your interests.
If processing has been restricted we may only store this data. Any further processing in such case is only permissible with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State. You can revoke your consent given in this connection at any time. You will be notified by us before the restriction is lifted.
6.6 Notification Obligation regarding Rectification or Erasure of Personal Data (Article 19 GDPR)
We are obliged to inform all recipients to whom your data have been disclosed about a correction or deletion of your data or a restriction of the processing. This shall not apply if it is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. We will inform you about these recipients if so requested.
6.7 Right to data transferability (Article 20 GDPR)
You have the right to receive the data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to instruct us with the transmission of your data to a third party, provided that
the processing of the data is based on your consent or on a contract and processing is carried out using automated methods.
You may request that we transfer your data directly to the third party if this is technically feasible.
However, this right must not impair the rights and freedoms of other persons, including our company. If this is the case, we are entitled to refuse the delivery or transfer of your data.
6.8 Automated Decision in Individual Cases including Profiling (Article 22 GDPR)
On our websites your data is not subject of decisions made exclusively on the basis of automated processing (e.g. profiling). You have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing - including profiling - if this has legal effect against you or significantly impairs it in a similar manner.
6.9 Right to Object (Article 21 GDPR)
If we process your data on the basis of a legitimate interest (Article 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR), you have the right to object to this if the reasons for this arise from your particular situation. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
In this case, we will no longer process your data unless we can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing. This must outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If we process your data for direct marketing purposes, you may object to the processing of your data. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is connected with such direct advertising.
After your objection your data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
6.10 Right of Appeal to a Supervisory Authority (Article 77 GDPR)
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where you are staying, working or suspect that an infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation against you has taken place. Other administrative or judicial remedies that you may be entitled to remain unaffected.
7. Updates to our Privacy Terms & Cookie Policy
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy regularly if the legal, technical or economic conditions change. When we update our privacy policy, we undertake appropriate measures to inform you as required about the importance of the changes we have made. We will obtain your consent to all important changes to the privacy policy if and to the extent to which this is required under applicable data privacy laws.
8. Notice regarding Hosting
All our websites are hosted by hosting services providers which observe state-of-the-art data protection and data security standards.
Last modified: 18/5/2018