http://www.daycoproducts.com/privacy
Skip navigation
Effective October 18, 2013
Dayco Products, LLC (“Dayco”) respects the privacy of visitors to our website. We provide this explanation about our online information practices, our “Privacy Policy,” to demonstrate our commitment to protect your privacy.  We reserve the right to update the Privacy Policy at any time, without notice.  We encourage you to visit this page periodically and review the then current terms.
This Privacy Policy discloses the current privacy practices of Dayco and by using our Web site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner described.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us at Dayco.Aftermarket@Dayco.com.
The Information We Collect
We may collect and store personally identifiable information, such as your name, e-mail address and phone number to respond to questions, and to process or fill orders or requests. We may use this information to provide goods and services that you request and to let you know of additional goods and services about which you might be interested. We may also use this information to customize your experience using our website.
We may also retain transaction and experience information, such as information about your transactions with us, as well as information about our communications with you. Examples include your account history, requests for information and our responses.  We may match user information we collect with offline data available from other sources in order to carry out our business and to provide our goods and services and to conduct advertising and promotions more effectively.
For product or service orders, Dayco may need additional information in order to process or to fulfill your order or request. Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, Dayco will not share your personal information with third parties without your permission, except as otherwise necessary to (i) process or fulfill your order, (ii) respond to your request or answer your inquiries, (iii) comply with any applicable law, court order or other judicial process.
Dayco may use one or more third-party payment processors to facilitate product ordering and payment.  In such instances, Dayco does not gather your personal information when you arrange payment through one of these processors.  Rather, that information is gathered, stored and processed by the third-party payment processor.  You should read the privacy policy of the payment processor to find out how your information may be gathered, used and disclosed by it.  We will disclose on the website when you are using a third party payment provider’s services.
We may ask you for personally-identifying information at other times, such as if and when you communicate with us, or request that we communicate with you.
In addition, we may automatically gather general statistical information about our Web site and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased and the like, but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, e-mail address, home address, or telephone number. We use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use our site (or parts thereof) so we can improve our site. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.
As part of our service, we may use “cookies” to store and, at times, track information about you. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to reenter it; gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users, research visiting patterns, and help target advertisements based on user interests; assist our retail partners track visits and process orders; and track progress and participation in promotions. In some instances, retail partners that may from time to time appear at our site may use their own cookies. Preference and options configurations in your browser determine if and how a cookie will be accepted. You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire. Please consult your specific browser instructions to learn more about these features.  By changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is set, or you can reject all cookies. If you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to reenter your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable.
The Way We Use and Disclose Information
We do not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our Web site without your permission. We may, however, transfer your information in the event that we transfer ownership of all or a significant part of Dayco’s capital units, assets or business to a third party.
If you place a request for products or services, we use information to ship your order; if the products or services are from a retail partner, we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction.
We may rely upon third parties for important elements of our operations and in applicable instances may provide your non-public personal information, such as your name, address, and account information to these third parties so that they can do their job, such as servicers, financial service providers, marketing companies that help us market our products. In such instances, we will take appropriate steps to protect your information in these circumstances.  These third parties also may have their own privacy policies but are not permitted to use the data for their own purposes
We may also share the information we collect about you with third parties including retailers, credit card issuers and processors, banks and other financial institutions and government agencies.
We may use your personally-identifying information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site’s content, layout, and services.
We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests. We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests, which we may use to customize our service for you.
We use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings and communications relevant to your use of the site.  If you do not wish to receive these communications, please contact us as indicated above in this Policy.
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Use or purchase agreements. At times, we may review status or activity of multiple users to do so. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our Web site and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive.  Dayco reserves the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that we transfer ownership of all or a significant part of Dayco’s capital units, assets or business to a third party.
Security
We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.
If you establish an account with us through this website, your account information and profile will be password-protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Our personnel will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your session. This is to help ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place where others may have access to it.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online--for example on message boards, through e-mail or in chat areas--that information can be collected and used by others.  No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information
You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods. To update, correct or delete this information, you can contact:
DaycoAftermarket@Dayco.com
Any account that you create with Dayco can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so may result in your not being able to access or receive certain services.
During the normal course of doing business, we may share your information among our business units, our affiliates and unaffiliated third parties as necessary in order to service your accounts or orders you place with us.
Children Under 13
Our Site is not intended for children and we have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Web site, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information.
Third Party Practices
The Privacy Policy of an advertiser, payment processor or promotional service you may contact through our site may differ from our policy. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to the offer or dealing with that party.
Share This: