http://www.bcbsm.com/index/health-insurance-help/documents-forms.html
Frequently Asked Questions
Plan Documents and Forms
Calculators and Tools
Contact Us
Walk-in Centers
Browse by Topic
How Health Insurance Works
Buying Health Insurance
Understanding My Benefits
Getting Care
Managing My Account
Claims
Health Care Reform
Other Topics
Browse by Plan Type
HMO / Blue Care Network
Dental
Pharmacy
Health Spending Accounts
Physician Choice PPO
Plan Documents and Forms
Claim forms
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan General Member Claim Form
Use this form to manually submit a claim for a medical, vision or hearing service if you're a Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan member.
Blue Care Network Member Reimbursement Form
If you're a Blue Care Network or HMO member, please use this form to manually submit a claim for medical services.
Dental Service Claim Form
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan members can use this form to submit a claim for an out-of-network dental service.
More claim forms
Buying health insurance
Application for Individual Coverage
Fill out this application to enroll in one of our plans for individuals and families.
Summary of Benefits and Coverage
Our SBCs show the details of each plan we offer, including summaries of what's covered, benefits and out-of-pocket expenses.
Buying health insurance FAQs
Managing my account
Change of Status Form for Group Plans
If you get your health plan through your employer, you can use this form to update us when you have any changes to your status.
Blue Care Network Physician Selection Forms
This form is for members who have individual or family, or employer-sponsored coverage through Blue Care Network. Use it to select or change your primary care physician.
Protected Health Information and Privacy Forms
Your privacy is important to us - and we want to make it easy for you to manage your PHI. Learn more about giving your consent to release your information here.
How to keep your coverage accurate and up-to-date
Keep us up-to-date on any changes to your account information like adding someone to your plan or changing your address.
More managing my account forms
Pharmacy
Mail Order Drug Forms
If you have prescription drug coverage through Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan or Blue Care Network, we have the mail order forms you need.
More pharmacy documents
Need to choose a primary care physician?
Create an online account.
Register Now
Contact Us
Need help finding the right phone number?
Looking for insurance
PPO members
HMO / Blue Care Network members
Medicare members