http://www.bizminer.com/privacy.php
Call: (717) 909-6000
Log In
Toggle navigation
HOME
REPORT SEARCH
Industry Search Tools
Valuation Tools Search
Business Valuation Multiples Search
Search-by-Business-Name Tool
Vestimate-by-Market Search
Vestimate Pro
Company Insights Search
Search Tips
NAICS Resources
CHANNELS
All Channels
Valuation
Accounting
Financial Advisors
Libraries
SBDCs/Business Planners
Business Brokers
PRODUCTS
All Products
Industry Financial Series
Vestimate-Pro Valuation Series
Industry Market Trend Series
SWOT-XPRESS
Business Valuation Multiples
Business Prospect Lists
LOOK UP!
PRICING
RESOURCES
All Resources
Glossaries
Tutorials
Methodology
Data
Release Notes
Legacy-to-SPIF CSV Crosswalk
FAQ
Affiliate Login
ABOUT
Who We Are
Our Perspective
Partners
Testimonials
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
BizMiner is committed to protecting your privacy. We will keep all the personal information that you share with us confidential.
Home
Privacy Policy
If you do not try to access secure pages on our site, we do not request personal information from you.
If you register at our site, we require your email address so that we can send you access instructions to secure pages, as well as announcements of future free reports and new product releases. We may also ask for other information for internal purposes. We will not sell or distribute any personal information you give us.
If you place an order at BizMiner, we ask for your name, billing address, e-mail address, credit card number, card security code, and expiration date. You may choose to provide your telephone number (optional). We collect the information in order to:
Give you access to secure pages on our site Verify your identity for payment authorization Notify you of login data to access your purchases Contact you regarding your order status or in the case of a problem with your order Send you helpful information from BizMiner, such as announcements of new releases and free reports Your personal information will be shared with your credit card company and our merchant bank only to the extent that it is required to process your payment. Otherwise, we will not sell or distribute personal information you may give us. If you choose to input data from your busness into your online profile, that information is maintained on a secure page accessible only with your username and password. It is never accessed, reviewed or otherwise utilized by BizMiner for any purpose.
If the personal information we've gathered from you changes (such as your name, e-mail address, street address, or telephone number) or you no longer desire to be registered with us, we will correct, update, or remove any personal data on request. To request a change or removal of your personal information, send e-mail to Bizminer support. Our site contains links to other sites on the Internet. BizMiner is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any of these linked sites., and encourage you to review their privacy practices if you link to them.
717-909-6000
Find Industry Reports
Industry Search
Search Tools
NAICS Resources
Search Tips
Quick Links
All Products
All Subscriptions
All Resources
About BizMiner
Contact Us
Social
Copyright 2020 Bizminer. All Rights Reserved.
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Security