https://www.maserconsulting.com/legal-disclaimers/
Legal Disclaimer Notice
This web site is produced by Maser Consulting P.A. Everything on this website is provided “AS IS: and without warranty of any kind. We have made every effort to offer current, correct and clearly expressed information as possible. Inadvertent errors do occur due to being human and changes will be made periodically when any error is brought to our attention.
By providing this web site, Maser Consulting shall not be held liable, or undertake any responsibility whatsoever, for the content of linked sites, messages, recipes, articles etc.
All content and material on this site is copyright Maser Consulting, and may not be republished without written permission.
Services Disclaimer
The information contained throughout this website is not a substitute for professional advice and does not constitute professional advise nor is conveyed or intended to convey professional advise. Under NO circumstances will you hold Maser Consulting liable for any actions that you take. All information on this website is for general information only.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Maser Consulting collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of this Web site (each, a “User”).
Privacy
Users’ privacy is very important to Maser Consulting. Maser Consulting is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to Maser Consulting. This Web site is not directed at children under 13 years of age.
The Information We Collect
Maser Consulting may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. Maser Consulting may also collect information about how Users use our Web site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Web site or the domains from which Users originate. We may use “cookies” to track how Users use our Web site. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Users’ PC and use to identify the User should they visit the Web site again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our Web site.
How We Use Information
Maser Consulting may use personally identifiable information collected through our Web site to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Maser Consulting and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance Users’ experience with Maser Consulting and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. Maser Consulting may also use information collected through our Web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of Maser Consulting, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
Maintenance of Information
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Legal Disclaimers
Maser Consulting
Engineers
Planners
Surveyors
Landscape Architects
Environmental Scientists
Corporate Headquarters: 331 Newman Springs Road, Suite 203, Red Bank, NJ 07701 Toll Free: 877.627.3772 ALL OFFICE LOCATIONS
Maser Consulting will be known as Colliers Engineering & Design in 2021
Read more