https://www.performics.com/performics-privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Leadership
Locations
Intent Lab™
The Forrester Wave™
Services
Performance Media
Performance Content
Planning & Insights
Analytics & Technology
Performance Solutions
Intent-Based Marketing
Darwin
Benchtools
Caiman
Conversion Optimization
Conversation to Commerce (C2C)
LocationIQ
Discoverability Audit
PFX Consulting
Our Work
Careers
Blog
News
Contact Us
U.S.
Americas
United States
Canada
EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa)
United Kingdom
Austria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Germany
Kuwait
Lebanon
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
France
Italy
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Spain
Slovakia
Turkey
APAC (Asia Pacific)
Australia
China
India
Indonesia
Philippines
Singapore
Vietnam
Performics Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through the web site located at the URL: [www.performics.com]; whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology. The Site is offered by Performics.
This Privacy Policy explains what information may be collected through the Site, how such information may be used and/or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may access and control its use in connection with our marketing communications and activities.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR SITE
Information You Provide To Us
When you use the Site, we or our service providers may collect Personal Information (information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally) such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or mailing address.
Information Collected Automatically
Usage Information. Whenever you visit or interact with the Site, Performics, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Site is accessed and used (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, and the preceding page views. This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the Site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Site, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. This information helps us keep our website fresh and interesting to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor’s interests.
Device Identifiers. Performics may also automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, “Device”) you use to access the Site. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, administer the Site, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, track users’ web page movements, help identify, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Cookies; Pixel Tags. The technologies used on the Site to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, may include but are not limited to: cookies (data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Site), mobile analytics software and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed). Cookies may also be used to associate you with social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the Site and your activities on such social networking sites. We, or our vendors, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our Site (such as allowing us to select which ads or offers are most likely to appeal to you, based on your interests, preferences, location, or demographic information). A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server.
Similarly, we use Google Analytics to help us track and analyze usage of our Site, using cookies, pixels and other tracking technologies.
To learn how you may be able to reduce the number of cookies you receive from us, or delete cookies that have already been installed in your browser’s cookie folder, please refer to your browser’s help menu or other instructions related to your browser. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, [we will honor your request,] however please be aware that some features and services on our Site may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your account(s). In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.
You can also learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser.
For more information on advertising using cookies and how to opt out of advertising cookies specifically, please see Advertising; How To Opt-Out below
2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH OUR SITE
Any information you submit on the Site will be used for a variety of business purposes, including for example, to: respond to your questions and requests; provide you with access to certain areas and features of the Site; verify your identity; communicate with you about your activities on the Site; tailor content, advertisements, and offers we serve you; market research, Site analytics and operations; improve the Site and for internal purposes; contact you with regard to your use of the Site, and, in our discretion, changes to any Performics policy; and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.
3. SHARING OF INFORMATION
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not provide any of your Personal Information to any third parties without your consent. We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information, and Usage Information with third parties. We may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:
Third Parties. In order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through the Site, and to respond to your inquiries, we may share your Personal Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners), such as companies or individuals that: host or operate our Site; analyze data; provide customer service; advertisers; sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions. Your Personal Information may also be used by us or shared with our affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other third parties to provide you with product information and promotional and other offers.
Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared. While on our Site, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party. If you agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to the third party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Business Transfers. Your Personal Information may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates and other entities in the family of companies controlled by Publicis for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to the Site, Personal Information, Usage Information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the Site may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal Disclosure. Performics may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier, (including IP address), to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Site or the public.
4. TARGETED ADVERTISING
We may use third party ad network providers to help present ads on the Site, as well as other service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Site and viewing of our content. Such providers may place and access cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies on your Device to serve you ads or other content personalized to your interests which they infer from your browsing on the Site and other sites you have visited. In doing so, the provider collects or has access to non-Personal Information such as your Usage Information. The use of cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies by these providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.
If you do not want to receive the benefits of targeted advertising, you may opt out of some network advertising programs that use your information by visiting the the NAI Opt-Out Page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or the Digital Advertising Alliance consumer choice page at www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note that even if you choose to remove your information (opt out), you will still see advertisements while you’re browsing online. However the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests. Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive. The NAI Opt-Out Page and the DAA consumer choice page provide mechanisms to opt out of receiving cookies from those companies. Please note that if you opt-out of targeted advertising, we may still track your visits to the Site for our own analytics, operations and security purposes.
5. YOUR CHOICE AND ACCESS
You may always direct us not to share your Personal Information with third parties, not to use your Personal Information to provide you with information or offers, or not to send you newsletters, e-mails or other communications by: (i) sending us an e-mail at marketing@performics.com; (ii) contacting us by mail, or (iii) following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive. Your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it.
If you wish to verify, correct, or update any of your Personal Information collected through the Site, you may contact us at the above address or e-mail. In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information you have submitted through the Site. We are under no obligation to store such Personal Information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Personal Information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
6. CHILDREN
The Site is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her Personal Information without the parent/guardian’s consent.
4. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use certain reasonable security measures to help protect your Personal Information. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the Site and provide us with your information at your own risk.
8. OTHER SITES
The Site may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. This includes links from service providers, advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other web sites may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our Sites (including those linked to through an email or social networking page).
9. CONSENT TO PROCESSING
The Site is governed by and operated in, and in accordance with the laws of the United States. We make no representation that the Site is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Site, or providing us with any information, you (a) acknowledge that the Site is subject to the laws of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws.
10. CHANGES
Please note, we may change information on the Site and/or this Privacy Policy, at any time without prior notice to you, and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. However, Performics will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, click here to contact us.