http://www.amylynn.org/terms.shtml
Contents
Main
...Mobile site
...site map
Samples
F.A.Q.
Orders / Inquiry
Disclaimer / TOS
...copyright
...privacy policy
...link exchange
...sample requests
...terms of service
References / Links
...testimonials
...link exchange
About Amy Lynn
...personal testimony
...dedication
Annika's
Calendar
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs Disclaimer
Responsibility for any loss or damage to (or caused by) the
services delivered lies solely with the client.
You are solely responsible for the appropriateness of the site,
its content, and the products and services offered by Amy Lynn on
the site for your intended application and use. Amy Lynn does not
warrant that the site, its content, or the products, and services it
offers on the site meet your requirements.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs may provide links to third-party sites.
ALVO is not responsible for those other sites, their privacy
policies or how they treat information about their users, and I
advise you to check their privacy policies.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs offer no guarantees, warranties, or
representations implied or otherwise for the content or accuracy of
those third party sites. Sites listed are a convenience to my
visitors, clients and potential clients.
The views expressed by others are solely those of the individuals
providing them. Not the opinions of Amy Lynn and do not reflect on
amylynn.org or its parents, affiliate or subsidiary companies.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs am not responsible should your CD ROM or
DVD be damaged during shipment by the post office, or any
mishandling during delivery. Insurance is recommended. A
confirmation item has been received is also expected. I am also not
responsible should your computer or player not be able to read the
CD ROM or DVD ordered. I use high quality, brand name CD-R, DVD-R,
DVD+R, CD-RW's. CD's and DVD's which are well packaged to prevent
breakage during shipment.
Due to the wide range of clients Amy Lynn's Voice Overs services,
sometimes clients request "Slang". The use of this type of language
is soley at the clients request. ALVO would never want to cause any
kind of harm or be offensive towards others. Should you find this to
be the case in work done, please take it up with the party that
hired Amy Lynn to voice their project. Thank you for your
understanding.
Copyright
All documents and information contained within the Amy Lynn Voice
Overs World Wide Website and its subdirectories are the property of
Amy Lynn, whether or not a copyright notice appears on the screen
displaying this information. Users of Amy Lynn Voice Overs WWW Site
may save and use the information contained therein only for personal
use. No other use, including reproduction, retransmission, or
editing, of Amy Lynn Voice Overs WWW Site information may be made
without prior written permission of Amy Lynn, which may be requested
by contacting the office of Amy Lynn.
Further detail on this matter can be found at
http://www.rightsforartists.com Yes it may be about graphics
but the same applies to other files.
Samples ordered and paid for, are still copyrighted by Amy Lynn's
Voice Overs and may not be edited or used in any way unless
otherwise noted by Amy Lynn's Voice Overs.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs can not be held responsible for work that
may contain copyrighted music, content, lyrics etc. Amy Lynn's Voice
Overs simply provides recordings for clients. Script copyright, and
permission relies solely upon the client.
Privacy Policy
Your personal information will not be sold or past onto third
parties. Amy Lynn's Voice Overs uses the information that you
provide for such purposes as responding to your requests,
customizing future orders, improving my business, and communicating
with you.
If you have filled out any of our on-line forms, your e-mail
address and other contact information will be used to full fill your
request only. You will only receive the information for which you
provided me your personal information.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs has always had strict privacy policies in
regards to my clients' personal information. Amy Lynn's Voice Overs
has not in the past, nor will Amy Lynn's Voice Overs ever share our
customer database with any other organization for my gain. The only
time Amy Lynn's Voice Overs customer information may be released is
if Amy Lynn's Voice Overs is ordered to by a government agency, or
expressed permission has been given to do so (i.e. references and
links).
Additional Fees
When ordering a CD ROM or DVD there is a surcharge for shipping,
and handling as insurance is  recommended.
Samples other than the demos, and samples shared upon
www.amylynn.org will be a small fee. Requested, and paid for
voice over samples, are recorded in high quality without any
requested background music and may not be edited for use by other
means. Copyright still belongs to Amy Lynn's Voice Overs.
A small fee for long-distance charges is applied to call in
voiceover orders.
A credit card fee of Â£1 applies for users paying with a credit
card through PayPal.
If the script requires additions AFTER the recording is done or
has been started, before delivery of the order, a fee will be
applied.
Link Exchange
Just because you are granted a link exchange does not provide you
with permission to spam Amy Lynn's Voice Overs, amylynn.org or its
parents, affiliate, or subsidiary companies. Nor does it grant you
the right to sign up Amy Lynn's Voice Overs, amylynn.org or its
parents, affiliate, or subsidiary companies for newsletters, or any
other unwanted e-mails. Any spam received, or reported will result
in the immediate removal of the link exchange from Amy Lynn's Voice
Overs. Please note that if you remove our link, your link will be
removed.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs is not responsible for the sites listed,
their privacy policies, or how they treat information about their
users, and I advise you to check their privacy policies. I offer no
guarantees, warranties, or representations implied or otherwise for
the content or accuracy of these third-party sites. Sites listed are
a convenience to my visitors, clients, friends, and potential
clients.
Repeated requests for link exchange after receiving a rejection
notice, will lead to your email being reported for spam. No means
no.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs isn't a links directory web site. Websites
without relating content will not have a link exchange.
Link exchanges must be accessible via the website Amy Lynn's
Voice Overs Links to. If we can not see a link to the
location of the exchange, neither can your visitors, so
there is no point in the exchange.
Our links/banners may be placed upon various websites that don't mean
endorsement or sponsorship of any kind regardless of how they may be listed. If
you have questions regarding this please contact the webmaster you may see the
ad upon as well as us with the link to the website.
You can find the Link Exchange here:
http://www.amylynn.org/links
Sample Requests
Samples are provided on
http://www.amylynn.org/samples. Amy Lynn's Voice Overs has
posted the following samples for a reason. Please do not request
samples, auditions, or demos not listed, unless you are willing to
pay a fee. Repeatedly asking for custom free samples will be
considered harassment. I do not provide free samples, or free demos
other than the ones upon Amy Lynn's Voice Overs. Amy Lynn's Voice
Overs has provided more samples, and demos than any other voice
artist. If you feel you still must have a sample, or demo before
completing your order, please explain why. Custom made samples, or
demos will be in high quality without any background music, as well
as a slight charge will be applied. If you feel your request was
declined unjustly, I apologize. Samples take time studio time to
record and edit which is why they are not provided without proper
explanation.
Samples ordered and paid for, are still copyrighted by Amy Lynn's
Voice Overs and may not be edited or used in any way unless
otherwise noted by Amy Lynn's Voice Overs.
References are listed upon my site to help you decide if my vast
amount of samples isn't enough for you. Please feel free to contact
them.
Spam Issues
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs has a zero-tolerance for spam, spam is
defined as unwanted emails. Simply because Amy Lynn may have worked
with you in the past does not permit you to add Amy Lynn, Amy Lynn's
Voice Overs, amylynn.org or its parents, affiliate, subsidiary
companies, or Annika's, or Annika's Members, to any mailing list you
may be running at any time. No email addresses used by the domain
amylynn.org is signed up for anything. So if you indexed this domain
and sent unsolicited emails, they are spam.
Any spam received will be reported to the fullest extent of the
law, and should you have a link exchange with ALVO, your link will
be removed without notice.
Repeated requests for link exchange after receiving a rejection
notice, will lead to your email being reported for spam. No means
no.
Sending me music files without consent will result in Amy Lynn's
Voice Overs OWNING them. Copyright will automatically be transferred
to my name upon arrival. Thus they can be edited and republished
elsewhere. Please also note that attachments are blocked. If you
wish to work with me, please contact me with your message before
sending attachments. Attachments carry viruses, and firewalls and
rules must be changed to gain access to them.
Spam issues terms of service also apply to Facebook, Twitter,
LinkedIn, MySpace and anyplace else you may find to contact ALVO.
Newsletter
Just because you may have signed up for our newsletter does not
provide you with permission to spam Amy Lynn's Voice Overs,
amylynn.org or its parents, affiliate, subsidiary companies or
Annika's, Annika's Members. Nor does it grant you the right to sign
up Amy Lynn's Voice Overs, amylynn.org, Annika's, Annika's Members,
or its parents, affiliate or subsidiary companies for newsletters or
any other unwanted e-mails. Any spam received or reported will
result in the immediate removal as a member of Annika's as well as
removal from our newsletter. If you no longer wish to receive our
newsletter, you are free to unsubscribe at any time.
The newsletter and all it's contents are copyrighted. Any
posting, editing, or copying of the newsletter is strictly
prohibited without prior permission.
Cookies
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads upon our
site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our
users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the
Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by
visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs (ALVO), amylynn.org, Annika's, Annika's
Members, Annika's Volunteer members, or its parents, affiliate or
subsidiary personally uses no cookies therefore, we have no cookie
policy. We are also located in the USA so EU Cookie Policy does not
apply. Third-party ads/companies may have cookie policies, you
should read those upon their website.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a
website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and
allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your
next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to
delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web
browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept
them, you might not be able to use all of the features web sites
offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some
websites might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party
websites:
All About Cookies:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Samples
Samples on this site cover a wide range of my styles.
The voice samples are not intended to reflect upon the sound
quality of the files Amy Lynn's Voice Overs provides. The quality
has been reduced to save bandwidth, and discourage thieves, though
that rarely stops them. Normally, files are recorded at high-quality
and compressed if the client wishes it.
The voiceover samples may be downloaded, but may not be published
or edited in any way without my prior permission. The samples are
provided for potential client's purposes. Any usage of the samples
without Amy Lynn's Voice Overs prior authorization is strictly
prohibited. All poems written by Amy Lynn are copyrighted, please
respect this. Please do not directly link to these voice-over
samples, I have it so they will not play on your site, e-mails, or
Myspace bulletins.
Information Automatically Logged
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs uses your IP address to help diagnose
problems with the server and to administer the website. Your IP
address is also used to gather broad demographic information and
help track originating websites that refer visitors to this site.
Social Media Websites
Following, connected, listing, favorites, linked, etc does not
mean Amy Lynn's Voice Overs supports or is a part of any team or
network. #FF AKA Follow Friday is merely meant to help those gain
followers, network or outreach to others.  Any links Amy Lynn's
Voice Overs may share via Social Media websites are not considered
spam. Many postings will contain tags that explain their purpose. If
by chance you believe any postings are spam, please contact Amy
Lynn's Voice Overs immediately. There is no need to report a posting
when you don't agree with its content. Many of those connected wish
to be kept up to date with the information Amy Lynn's Voice Overs
provides. If you feel Amy Lynn's Voice Overs is posting spam you may
disconnect your relationship at any time.
Terms of Service and Conditions
All requests for services must clearly state the purpose of the
files, and, if they are to be used on a website, a link back or some
other appropriate form of acknowledgment must be given on the site.
Due to this type of business venue, it's only natural to expect
payment upfront, except under extreme circumstances or the return of
established clients. This is so that the studio and producer of any
background music are paid immediately upon completion of the agreed
project. There is no satisfaction guarantee, nor refunds available,
but should you be dissatisfied with any part of your specified
recording or recording requested, requests for re-recordings of the
original transcript will be provided free of charge providing
that the request is received within three business days of the
original order. All sales are final after the three days have
expired. Free re-recordings within reason, only apply to orders that
take 12 hours or less to record.
We try to keep this website up, bug-free, and safe, but your use
of the site, including any communication platform, is at your own
risk. The site is provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind,
whether express or implied, including without limitation the implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and
non-infringement. We are not responsible for the actions, content,
information, or data of third parties. None of this website, its
directors, officers, shareholders, employees, consultants, agents,
advisers, affiliates, subsidiaries, and its third-party partners is
or will be liable to you for any harm arising out of your access to
or use of or out of your inability to access or use the site. In
addition, we will not be liable to you under any circumstances for
any lost profits incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive
damages.
References are listed upon my site to help you decide if my vast
amount of samples isn't enough for you. Please feel free to contact
them.
Amy Lynn's Voice Overs offers a 24 hour turnaround time usually
applies only to orders under two hours unless otherwise noted in an
e-mail response. Not responsible for response time to questions once
a script is received. The 24 hour turnaround time does not cover
re-dos.
Should a CD ROM or DVD be ordered, these terms, and conditions
stated herein still apply.
If you have any questions about the terms, copyright, privacy
policy, disclaimer, the practices of this site or your dealings with
this website, you can contact Amy Lynn's Voice Overs as indicated on
the inquiries page.
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services, to personalize
ads and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared
with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Compliance
Our Website will respond quickly to claims of copyright
infringement as found in our Content, according to the terms of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA) as found under
United States law (17 USC. Â§ 512). If you believe any of your
copyrights are infringed by our Content, please provide us with a
written notice via mail, fax, or email that contains the following
information:
1) An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized
to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
2) A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
infringed;
3) A description of where the material that you claim is
infringing is located on our Website;
4) Your address, telephone number, and email address;
5) A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
the law; and
6) A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the
above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the
copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright ownerâ??s
behalf. We are only required to respond to those notices that
substantially comply with the above requirements. We will
investigate your claim and will notify you by the method of contact
you used to file your notice with us.
Copyright Â© 2000
, Amy Lynn's Voice Overs. All rights reserved.