http://www.icon-intl.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Corporate Barter
Undervalued Assets
Transaction Types
The Transaction Process
People
Executive Team
Sales / Real Estate
Account Management
HR / Finance / IT
Media / Fulfillment
Media/Fulfillment
Inventory Acquisition
Media
Travel
Printing
Corporate Services
Finance
Accounting Rules
Transaction Examples
Barter Calculator
Funding & Capacity Info
Case Studies
Real Estate
Owned / Leased Details
Transaction Examples
News
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
ICON International, Inc. (www.icon-intl.com and https://iconcompanystore.com) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Statement applies to the ICON International, Inc. Web sites and governs data collection and usage. By using the ICON International, Inc. Web sites, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
ICON International, Inc. collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, address or telephone number when you contact us via one of our online forms or if you choose to opt in to receive site notifications, newsletters or other information via email.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by ICON International, Inc. This information can include: Your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by ICON International, Inc. for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ICON International, Inc. Web sites.
ICON International, Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from ICON International, Inc. so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. ICON International, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the ICON International, Inc. Web sites.
Use of Your Personal Information
ICON International, Inc. collects and uses your personal information to communicate with you in response to an online inquiry or should you choose to opt-in to receive site notifications, newsletters or other information via email. Users may remove themselves from such list services at their discretion. Any email sent to an opt in list will include directions for how a user may remove himself or herself from the list, or on a URL where the user may find such directions.
ICON International, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
In order to determine what ICON International, Inc. pages are the most popular, ICON International, Inc. keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within ICON International, Inc.
ICON International, Inc. Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ICON International, Inc. or the sites; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ICON International, Inc.; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ICON International, Inc., or the public.
Use of Cookies
The ICON International, Inc. Web sites use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web-page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are uniquely assigned to you and can be read only by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize ICON International, Inc. pages, or register with ICON International, Inc.’s Web sites or services, a cookie helps ICON International, Inc. recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses and so on. When you return to the same ICON International, Inc. Web sites, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the ICON International, Inc. features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline them if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ICON International, Inc. services or Web sites you visit.
Security of Your Personal Information
ICON International, Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. ICON International, Inc. secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit-card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to This Statement
ICON International, Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. ICON International, Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ICON International, Inc. is protecting your information.
Contact Information
ICON International, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that ICON International, Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Comments are closed.
Back to top