http://www.jasonsdeli.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Accessibility LinkVisit adot pro compliant version of this website
Terms and ConditionsLast Updated: May 14, 2018
At Jason's Deli, we value our relationship with you. We have created this web site to serve you better, to offer you a way to improve accuracy of your delivered order, and to allow you a convenient way to create your order exactly the way you want it.  References to “Jason’s Deli,” “Company,” “we” or “us” in this document mean Deli Management, Inc. and its affiliates, subsidiaries, and divisions.
This document explains our position and specific conditions regarding your use of our Internet site and/or our Mobile Applications (collectively, our “Website” or “Site”).  By using this Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms & Conditions in addition to other terms and conditions or policies that may appear throughout the Site.
If you are unwilling to accept any of these Terms & Conditions, we ask that you do not use the Site.  When you use the Site, you agree to be bound by the then-current Terms & Conditions.  Each time you use this Site, you should visit and review the Terms & Conditions.  We reserve the right to occasionally update the Terms & Conditions. At such time, we will also revise the “last updated” date above.
OTHER TERMS
Some areas of this Site may have additional rules, guidelines, and/or other terms and conditions that apply to your access and/or use of that area of the Site and that may be revised from time to time (“Other Terms”).  If there is a conflict or inconsistency between any of these Terms & Conditions and the Other Terms, the Other Terms shall take precedence with respect to your access and use of that area of the Site.
USE OF THE SITE
You agree that you will not access or use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, impair or cause undue burden on the Site and/or its host, servers, network, systems or other users. You agree that you will not attempt to interfere in any way with the operation of the Site, that you will not transmit any virus or worm to the Site, that you will not use any spider, robot, data mining tool or other automatic device, or any other manual process or means, to access the Site and/or its servers or systems to extract download, monitor, gather, transmit or copy any of the data or material on the Site (including, without limitation, account information, product listings, images, descriptions or prices), or for any other unauthorized purpose; and that you will not engage in flooding, spamming, mail-bombing, crashing or otherwise sending unsolicited email to other users of the Site. You further agree that you will not attempt to access data that is not intended for your use, that you will not attempt to log on to a server or account that you are not authorized to access, and that you will not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any system or network related in any way to the Site without authorization.
We reserve the right to restrict, suspend or terminate without notice your access to the Site or any feature of this Site or any part thereof at any time.
SERVICES
We may change or eliminate services offered on or through the Site at any time without notice. We make no representation that any services are available for use in your location, and a reference to services on the Site does not imply that the services will be available to you and/or in your location.
ONLINE ORDERS
Acceptable forms of payment for orders placed on this Site vary based on location. For additional information of acceptable forms of payment, please contact your local Jason’s Deli restaurant. Payments via credit card or other payment service are subject to the approval of the financial institution issuing the credit card or the applicable payment service. Jason's Deli shall not be liable in any way if any financial institution/payment service refuses to accept or honor your credit card or account for any reason. By placing an order, you agree that Jason's Deli is authorized to charge your designated account for the applicable rate or price published on the Site.
Online orders are not binding on Jason's Deli. Jason's Deli may amend, adjust or cancel orders at any time in accordance with current pricing. Delivery may be conditioned on a minimum order, and delivery charges may vary by location.
PROMOTIONAL PROGRAMS
A.             JASON’S DELI “DELI DOLLARS” REWARDS PROGRAM
By placing an order online, you are automatically enrolled in the Jason's Deli “Deli Dollars” program. You will receive points for orders completed at participating locations and may redeem previously awarded points when placing orders. Unused Deli Dollars expire one (1) year after order placement.  Jason's Deli reserves the right to change the terms of this program or cancel the program at any time without notice. Deli Dollars have no cash value and may not be transferred.  For more information on the program, see the “Deli Dollars FAQ” on the Site.
B.              OTHER PROGRAMS
From time-to-time, we may run other programs through the Site or the Mobile Applications.  We will post the details of these programs on the applicable Site page or within the Mobile Application(s).  For more information on these programs, please see the applicable pages, including any available FAQs.  Jason’s Deli reserves the right to change the terms of these programs or cancel these programs at any time without notice.
DATA/MESSAGE/CALL CHARGES
To the extent a participation in a program involves sending or receiving calls, e-mails or text messages, message and data rates may apply if you are using a mobile device to participate.  Similarly, to the extent a Mobile Application requires, or permits utilization of, wireless or cellular data access, you shall be independently responsible for securing the necessary data access service.  The provider of such access to your mobile device may charge you data access fees in connection with use of the Mobile Application.  You are solely responsible for all such charges payable to third parties.
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSIONS
Please feel free to browse the Site.  In general, and unless otherwise posted, you may review and print copies of material from the Site, provided that the material (1) is used only for personal and/or non-commercial purposes, and (2) retains, without alteration, all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices and any copyright management information displayed on the material as posted on the Site.
You are not permitted to make or distribute copies of material on the Site for any commercial purpose without prior written permission from us. None of the material contained on the Site (including all software, HTML code, and other code) may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo-reproduction, recordation, or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written permission of Company. Except as otherwise noted, all content of the Site is:
Copyright © 2016 Deli Management, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Company has a policy of terminating services to users who willfully and/or repeatedly infringe.
For further information regarding permission to use material from the Site, please contact us at customer.service@jasonsdeli.com.
TRADEMARKS
Many of the trademarks/service marks and/or logos (collectively the “Marks”) displayed on the Site identify the services and products of Company and related organizations and inform the public as to the source of those services and products. Your misuse of any Marks is strictly prohibited, including without limitation, your use of Marks in any of the following ways:
In a manner likely to cause confusion;
To identify your products or services;
In, as, or part of your own trademarks or service marks;
In a manner that inaccurately implies a sponsorship, endorsement, or other connection with your products, services or other activities; or
In a manner that disparages or dilutes the Marks.
You agree not to display or otherwise inappropriately use the Marks without prior written permission from us. Please make such requests by email to customer.service@jasonsdeli.com. We will evaluate your request and respond as soon as possible.
Submissions by You ON THE SITE AND IN SOCIAL MEDIA
We appreciate hearing from you on this Site and on certain websites owned by Company or third parties (e.g. Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest) where Company has established a social media page (the “Page”) dedicated to one or more of its brands.
Please be aware that by submitting content to this Site or the Page, including any text, graphics, software, music, sound, photographs, videos, messages, comments, feedback, data, information, or other materials (collectively, the “Content”), you (1) represent and warrant to Company that you have obtained all necessary licenses, consents, waivers, releases, authorizations and/or permissions to post or transmit such Content; (2) grant to Company an irrevocable, worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual, fully paid-up, fully sub-licensable, royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, publicly perform, and publicly display such Content (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it (in whole or in part) in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed; and (3) grant to Company an irrevocable, worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual, fully paid-up, fully sub-licensable, royalty-free right and license to use the name that you submit in connection with the Content. You acknowledge that any Content submitted by you may be handled by Company on a non-confidential basis, except where otherwise indicated by Company’s Privacy Policy.
You expressly agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through this Site or the Page any of the following:
Content that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, disparaging, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or create liability under any law;
Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any party;
Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person or entity, including with us;
Unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising, contents, raffles or solicitations;
Private information of any third party, including (without limitation), surname, address, phone number, email address, Social Security number, and credit card number;
Content or links to content that, in Company’s sole judgement is objectionable, restricts or inhibits others from using the Site or Page, or which may expose Company or its users to any harm or liability of any type;
Content that appears to violate a third-party website’s Terms of Use or any other policies or terms that govern use of the site or any applicable laws;
Content that name-calls, insults, taunts, ridicules, mocks, bullies, electronically stalks or otherwise harasses another user or attacks the character or damages or has the potential to damage the reputation of another user.
Although Company has no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor any of the Content posted by users, Company reserves the right to restrict, suspend or terminate without notice a user’s access to the Site or the Page or any feature of this Site or the Page or any part thereof at any time.
The Site or Page may contain the opinions and views of other users, which Company does not endorse and for which Company is not responsible.  Company is also not responsible for the accuracy of any content posted on the Site or Page, and you bear all risks associated with the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of such content.
Your dealings with third parties found on or through the Site or Page are solely between you and those third parties.  Company does not make any representations or warranties with respect to any goods or services that may be obtained from such third parties, and Company will have no liability with respect to any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of any dealings between you and any third party or as a result of the presence of such third parties on the Site or Page.
Additional Disclaimers and Limitation of Liabilities and Warranties
The Site may contain technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, and out-of-date information. We make no representations as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the information posted, and we makes no warranty that the Site will meet your requirements. We reserve the right to make changes to the Site at any time.
YOU UNDERSTAND, ACKNOWLEDGE, AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, ACCESS TO, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, SERVICES AND/OR SITE. COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SOFTWARE, MATERIALS AND/OR SERVICES AVAILABLE FROM THE SITE, ALL OF WHICH ARE BEING OFFERED “AS IS.” COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT. COMPANY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING THE SITE OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY
SOFTWARE OR MATERIALS FROM THE SITE.  NOTICE TO NEW JERSEY CONSUMERS: THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY IN NEW JERSEY.
Indemnification
You shall indemnify and hold harmless Company, its affiliates, officers, employees, and agents, from and against any and all liability, losses, claims, demands, disputes, damages, and costs of any kind, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of litigation resulting from or in any way connected with your use of the Site, including any software and/or services offered through the Site, Content that you submit through the Site, and/or your breach of any of the provisions of the Terms & Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy.  NOTICE TO NEW JERSEY CONSUMERS: this indemnification shall not apply in New Jersey.
Intellectual Property Limitation of Liability
Company respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask visitors to our Site to do the same. If you believe your work has been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to the designated Copyright Agent of Company:
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of where the material that you claim to be infringing is located on the Site;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law, including the law of copyright fair use;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; and
Your physical or electronic signature.
The designated agent of Company for notification of claims of copyright infringement on this Site can be reached as follows:
Attn: Joey Niemynski, Designated Agent for Intellectual Property
Address: 2130 W Interstate 20, Grand Prairie TX 75052
Telephone: 972-233-7166
Fax: 972-233-6116
Current Email: joey.niemynski@jasonsdeli.com
Similarly, if you believe any of your trademarks or service marks has been infringed, or if you believe that your image has been used without your consent, please notify the designated agent of Company.
Applicable Laws and Jurisdictional Issues
The Site shall be governed by the laws of the United States, including federal copyright and trademark laws, and the laws of the state of Texas applicable to contracts entered into and to be wholly performed therein without regard to conflict of laws or choice of law principles. By visiting and using the Site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the courts presiding in the state of Texas and you agree to accept service of process by mail.  Any action based on a breach of any provision of these Terms & Conditions shall be brought exclusively in the federal or local courts presiding in Texas. You hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses that might otherwise be available.
SOFTWARE
You acknowledge that these Terms & Conditions govern your use of any software provided by Company and/or made available through the Site, whether or not there are license agreements and/or end user agreements. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, you acknowledge that (1) your use of the software shall be only for personal and/or noncommercial purposes; (2) you shall not attempt to alter or modify the software; (3) you shall not reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code for the software; (4) you shall not attempt to circumvent or disable the software or its intended purpose; and (5) you shall not copy, sublicense, assign, transfer, distribute, transmit or otherwise use the software without the prior written consent of Company.
UPDATES TO MOBILE DEVICES
Please note that updates to your existing mobile device operating systems or firmware may render your version of the Mobile Application incompatible.  The Company does not warrant that the Mobile Application will be backward or forward compatible with any updates to, or prior versions of, the mobile devices.  The Company may, but is not obligated to, provide you with updates to the Mobile Application that improve compatibility with updated mobile devices.
Compliance with Laws
You agree that you will not use the Site or the software or services provided on or through the Site for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms & Conditions or that is unlawful. Further, you agree not to access, download, use or export the Site or software or services provided on or through the Site, in violation of U.S. export laws or regulations, or in violation of any other applicable laws, rules or regulations. You agree to comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of any United States or foreign agency or authority, and not to directly or indirectly provide or otherwise make available the Site or software or services provided on or through the Site in violation of any such restrictions, laws, rules or regulations, or without all necessary approvals.
MISCELLANEOUS
Notwithstanding any other provision contained in these Terms & Conditions, in the event that the performance of any obligation of Company is prevented due to acts of God or any government restriction, wars, hostilities, blockades, civil disturbances, strikes, lockouts, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of Company, then Company shall not be responsible to you for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations.
In the event that any portion of these Terms & Conditions is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intention and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
Any failure by Company to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms & Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
These Terms & Conditions constitute the entire understanding between Company and you with respect to the Site.  We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms & Conditions and other policies on the Site at any time.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS AND ANY SUBSEQUENT MODIFICATIONS. AS A CONDITION OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE, YOU WARRANT THAT YOU WILL NOT USE THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL
Jason's Deli Nation
Jason’s Deli Nation is an online member community of customers who work or reside within 20 miles of specific locations designated as R&D Test Kitchens.  Members are asked to visit these test delis to sample menu items, and complete surveys providing feedback on the sampled menu item.  Customers are rewarded stamps for completing test item surveys and for voting on ideas posted to the Ideas Section of the Jason’s Deli Nation Community web site.    Stamps earned by completing surveys and voting on ideas accrue until enough stamps are earned for cash rewards.  Cash rewards are credited to the member’s Jason’s Deli Nation Passport gift card.
By opting into Jason’s Deli Nation SMS Service, the end-user agrees to receive pre-written marketing messages from or on behalf of Jason’s Deli via short code 527667 and understands that consent is not a condition of purchase.
This is a standard rate SMS program.  Message frequency may vary and Message and data rates may apply.
How to use the service
For Help
Send HELP to 527667 at any time to receive program contact information.
Opt-In
To opt into Jason’s Deli Nation's recurring SMS message service opt in at https://www.jasonsdelination.com/communitiesselfreg and enter the PIN texted to you from 527667 to begin your subscription.
Opt-Out
To cancel your Jason’s Deli Nation subscription, send STOP, QUIT, END, CANCEL or UNSUBSCRIBE to 527667 to opt out of all services.
Active Keywords
HELP, STOP, QUIT, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE
Contact Us
For Jason's Deli Nation support please call 409-838-1976.
Supported Carriers
Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Jason’s Deli Nation is available on the following carriers:
AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, and others.
See the complete list below.
SMS Carriers
AT&T
Sprint
T-Mobile
Verizon Wireless
All West Communications
ACS Wireless
Appalachian Wireless
AWCC
Bluegrass Cellular
Boost
Carolina West Wireless
Cellcom
Cellular South (C-Spire)
Chariton Valley Wireless
Chat Mobility
Cincinnati Bell
Copper Valley
Cox Wireless
Cricket
CTC Telecom
DTC Wireless
Duet IP
Eagle Telephone System
ECIT
Element Mobile (Flat Wireless)
Epic Touch
Farmers Mutual Telephone
GCI Communications
Gold Star Communications
Golden State
Google Voice
Illinois Valley Cellular
Immix Wireless (Keystone)
Inland Cellular
iWireless (Iowa Wireless)
Manti Tel
Metro PCS
Mobi PCS
Mobile Nation SI Wireless
Mosaic
MTA
MTPCS Cellular One
Nex-Tech
nTelos
NW Missouri Cellular
Nucla-Naturita Tel
Peoples Wireless
Pine Cellular
Pioneer Cellular
Plateau Telecomm
PTCI
South Central Utah
SouthernLINC Wireless
SRT Wireless
Syringa Wireless
Thumb Cellular
UBET
United Wireless
US Cellular
Viaero Wireless
Virgin Mobile
West Central Cellular
Top