https://www.workshopuniversity.com/terms-and-conditions/
Menu
Home
What We Do
Experiential Keynote Programs on Leadership & Innovation
Corporate Training & Executive Coaching to Develop Leaders and Teams for High Performance
Virtual Training & E-Learning Programs for Leaders, Teams and Individual Contributors
Workshop Design Coaching to Design Your Workshops & Virtual Programs
Book Jean Marie
How We Work
Speaking, Training & Coaching Programs
Design Your Own High-Impact Experiential Programs
Our NEW BOOK: Stop Talking Start Talking
Work With Us
Virtual Training
Products
Workshop & Webinar Success Home Study Program
Our NEW BOOK: Stop Talking Start Talking
Biz Blog
About
Contact
You are here: HomeTerms & Conditions
Conditions of Use
Welcome to Workshop & Webinar Success, the site for Workshop University’s Home Study Program.   We provide our services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop within this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice at https://www.workshopuniversity.com/privacy-policy, which also governs your visit to our website, to understand our practices.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit Workshop & Webinar Success/Workshop University or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Workshop University or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Workshop University, with copyright authorship for this collection by Workshop University, and protected by international copyright laws.
TRADE MARKS
Workshop University’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Workshop University’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Workshop University. All other trademarks not owned by Workshop University or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Workshop University or its subsidiaries.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Workshop University grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Workshop University. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices: any derivative use of this site or its contents: any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Workshop University. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Workshop University and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Workshop University’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Workshop University. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Workshop University. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Workshop University so long as the link does not portray Workshop University, its associates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Workshop University logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
YOUR MEMBERSHIP ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use our website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Workshop University and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, EMAILS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content: and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Workshop University reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Workshop University and its associates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Workshop University and its associates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post: that the content is accurate: that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity: and that you will indemnify Workshop University or its associates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Workshop University has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Workshop University takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from Workshop University are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This basically means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Workshop University and its associates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, Workshop University does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Workshop University itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Workshop University ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. Workshop University MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Workshop University DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Workshop University DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM Workshop University ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Workshop University WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting Workshop University, you agree that the laws of the state of Colorado, USA, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Workshop University or its associates.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Workshop University or to products you purchase through Workshop University shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Colorado, USA, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Workshop University’s intellectual property rights, Workshop University may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Colorado, USA, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrators award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our Shipping and Returns policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Workshop University. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
QUESTIONS:
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the “Contact Us” link in the side menu. Or you can email us at: info@workshopuniversity.com
It's only fair to share...FacebookTwitterLinkedinPinterestemailReddit
2 Comments
Hi there everyone, it’s my first visit at this website, and piece of writing is really fruitful in favor of me, keep up posting
these types of articles.
First of all I would like to say wonderful blog!
I had a quick question which I’d like to ask if you don’t mind.
I was curious to find out how yoou center yourself and cear
your heead before writing. I have had a difficult time
clearinjg my thoughts in getting my thoughts out. I do enjoy writing however it just seems like the first 10 to
15 minutes are lost juat trying to figure out how to
begin. Any recommendations or tips? Many thanks!
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Member Login
About
Contact Us – 720-295-3104
Is downsizing a crazy idea as a solopreneur?
9 Tips That Make a Difference When Delivering Training
Turn Your Blog into a Video…and other content writing tools
What do you charge?
The Dangers of Labeling
FacebookLinkedIn
At Workshop University® LLC we help
Speakers, Coaches and Entrepreneurs
turn their expertise into experiential
workshops, webinars and online courses
so they can get more clients, make more
money and double their impact in the world.
In the Corporate world, we help develop Leaders
and their teams for high performance with engaging training and coaching programs in Leadership Development, Communication & Coaching skills, Client Management, Public Speaking and Meeting Management.
Workshop University®
Jean Marie DiGiovanna, Founder
jean@WorkshopUniversity.com
720-295-3104