http://www.pefcu.com/about/help-and-resources/live-chat-faqs/
Skip to main content
Accounts
Savings
Deposit Rates
Clubs
Secondary Savings
Holiday Club Account
Free Checking
Overdraft Protection
Courtesy Pay
Reorder Checks
Investments
Deposit Rates
Money Market
Share Certificates
IRAs
Investment FAQs
More Account Info
Applications & Forms
Direct Deposit
Schedule of Fees & Charges
Loans
Consumer Loans
Personal Line of Credit
Publix Stock
Savings, Secured & Certificate Secured Loans
Charge/Credit Card Payoff
New PC Loans
Vehicle & Boat Loans
Cars & Trucks
Motorcycles
UTVs/ATVs
Boats & RVs
Home Loans
First Mortgage
Second Mortgage
Mortgage FAQs
More Loan Info
Check Application Status
Consumer Loan Application
VISA Credit Card Application
Loan Rates
Cards
Cards
Services
Online Services
Online Banking
Bill Pay
VISA Checkout
Loan Payments From Other Financial Institution
Mobile Services
Mobile Banking
Mobile Deposit
Send Money
Mobile Banking FAQs
Financial Tools
Calculators
FREE Credit Report
Knowledge of Financial Education
Insurance
Accidental Death & Dismemberment
Auto & Home Coverage
Life, Cancer, & Medicare Insurance
NCUA Share Insurance
Other Services
CAT 24/7 (Computer Access by Telephone)
CO-OP ATM Network
Wire Transfers
Free Notary & Signature Guarantee
Safe Deposit Box
About
About Us
Membership Eligibility
Select Employee Groups (SEGs)
Donation Requests
Annual Report
ADA / Web Accessibility
Locations & Hours
Lakeland Branch
Altamonte Springs Branch
Jacksonville Branch
Norcross Branch
Pembroke Pines Branch
Royal Palm Beach Branch
Sarasota Branch
Help and Resources
Disclosures
Privacy
Brochure Rack
PEFCU University
Holiday Closings
Live Chat FAQs
Newsroom
Careers
Join Our Team
Who We Are
Benefits & Perks
Blog
About
Live Chat FAQs
Hours of Availability
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Wednesday: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Saturday, Sunday, and Credit Union Holidays: Closed
Terms of Service
By using PEFCU’s Live Chat, you agree that:
Publix Employees Federal Credit Union (PEFCU) is committed to protecting your personal privacy. Therefore, your participation in Live Chat is governed by the following guidelines to protect your privacy and security.
Disclosure of any information by you in the text of a Live Chat session, or any personal data contained in an associated e-mail message is strictly voluntary. You are under no obligation whatsoever to offer PEFCU any information.
All Live Chat sessions may be monitored and recorded for training and quality assurance purposes. Live Chat sessions are secure using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Technology. PEFCU makes no warranty the Live Chat service will be available at any particular time.  Any abusive, defamatory, or inappropriate language during a Live Chat session will result in the termination of the session.
PEFCU makes no representations or warranties regarding the security of your personal computer, smartphone, “tablet” device or other forms of electronic access you may choose to use and PEFCU expressly disclaims any and all responsibility or liability arising from breach of security and/or any losses or damages resulting or arising there-from.
Our Member Service Representatives will identify themselves in Live Chat, by entering their first name when responding to the member. So members or participants can identify that they are speaking with a PEFCU representative.
PEFCU does not offer emailed chat transcripts to respect the privacy and security of the personally-identifiable information that may be disclosed during a Live Chat.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on or using this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable as criminal offenses under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Penalty for False Statements: The US Criminal Code (Title 18 US Code Section 1001) provides that whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully - (1) falsifies, conceals, or covers up by any trick, scheme, or device a material fact; (2) makes any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation; or (3) makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry; shall be fined or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.
For your own protection and security, do not respond to any unsolicited e-mails, telephone calls, chat requests or other communications that claim to come from PEFCU, or from any unknown person asking you to disclose or submit personal data.
Live Chat FAQs
How do I start a chat session?
Click the “Live Support Online-Click here” button to begin your chat session. When chat is unavailable, the button will display “Offline-Click to email” in red; however, you can still click the button to send us an email when Live Chat is unavailable.
Is my chat session secure?
Yes. PEFCU uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) that provides secure encrypted communication during chat sessions.
To whom am I communicating with through PEFCU Live Chat?
PEFCU representatives in our Member Contact Center are responsible for communications made through chat.  These Member Contact Center Representatives have been trained to offer assistance on PEFCU products and services in addition to technical issues and concerns.
How do I know I’m chatting with PEFCU?
A lock icon should appear within the chat windows to indicate that there's a secure SSL connection
The chat window’s internet address (URL address) should include "https://c.velaro.com"
The SSL (Secure Socket Layer) certificate should be registered to velaro.com
To check the certificate, click the lock icon within the chat window and select “view certificates” or “more information”. You will see the certificate name listed.
Our representatives will always identify themselves to you, stating their name and their area of specialty
Is there a fee to use this service?
No. You can use PEFCU's Live Chat service for free!
Who can I contact if I am having problems with PEFCU’s Live Chat?
If you experience issues with Live Chat, please call the Member Contact Center toll-free at  (800) 226-6673 (or call (863) 683-6404 Lakeland area); press Option 1; then Option 5.
You are now leaving the Publix Employees Federal Credit Union's web site
By clicking on this link, you will be leaving the Credit Union's website and our Privacy Policy.
This web site is not operated by PEFCU. PEFCU makes no representations or warranties about any other Web site which you may access through this one.
When you access non-PEFCU Web sites, even though they contain the PEFCU logo and content regarding PEFCU's products and services, such web sites are independent of PEFCU and PEFCU has no control over the operation of non-PEFCU sites.
In addition, a link to a non-PEFCU Web site does not mean that PEFCU endorses that Web site or has any responsibility for the use of such a Web site.
Cancel
Continue
You are now leaving the Publix Employees Federal Credit Union's web site
By clicking on this link, you will be leaving the Credit Union's website and our Privacy Policy.
This web site is not operated by PEFCU. PEFCU makes no representations or warranties about any other Web site which you may access through this one.
When you access non-PEFCU Web sites, even though they contain the PEFCU logo and content regarding PEFCU's products and services, such web sites are independent of PEFCU and PEFCU has no control over the operation of non-PEFCU sites.
In addition, a link to a non-PEFCU Web site does not mean that PEFCU endorses that Web site or has any responsibility for the use of such a Web site.
Cancel
Continue