http://www.swingtraderguide.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy has always been important to us. This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which we (the “Company”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of this Web site (the “Users”). Privacy Users’ privacy is very important to Company. Company is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to Company. This Web site is not directed at individuals under 18 years of age.
Disclosure of Information to non-affiliated Third Parties Company may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to other market participants that provide goods and services. These non-affiliated third parties may include, but are not limited to (i) financial service providers such as mortgage lenders or brokers outside of our network of lenders and brokers, insurance companies and title companies and (ii) non-financial companies such as retailers and direct marketers. The Company may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data to investors and potential partners based on information collected from Users. Users may opt out of the Company’s disclosure to non-affiliated third parties by following the instructions in the opt out section of this privacy policy. We may also disclose nonpublic personal information about you as permitted by law.
Consent to Receive Privacy Notice and Opt Out Notice Via this Web Site By acknowledging receipt of this privacy notice, you the customer also consent to receive your annual notice of the privacy policy, as required by FTC regulation, via this web site. By acknowledging receipt of this privacy notice, you the customer also consent to receive your opt out notice and opportunity to opt out, as required by FTC regulation, via this web site.
The Information We Collect This Privacy Policy applies to consumers that have signed up on swingtraderguide.com and all affiliated website links and products. We may sell the personal information that you supply to us and we may work with other third party businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our members via direct mail, email and telemarketing. These businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation and email marketing.
Company may collect nonpublic personal information from User in a variety of ways, including online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. The type of information we collect from consumers includes, but is not limited to: Name, Last Name, Address1, Address2, City, State, Zip Code, Phone Number, Email Address, IP Address, Time Date Stamp and any information required to process an application to receive the product being offered within the site.
Company may also collect information about how Users use our Web site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Web site or the domains from which Users originate. We may use “cookies” to track how Users use our Web site. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Users’ PC and use to identify the Users should they visit the Web site again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is nonpublic personal information, it may be associated with nonpublic personal information that Users provide us through our Web site.
How We Use Information Company collects nonpublic personal information from its Users in order to match Users with lenders and brokers. By clicking the “Submit Form” button on the application, Users consent to the disclosure of their nonpublic personal information to these lenders and brokers. The lenders and brokers may contact you directly after they receive your nonpublic personal information. Company may also use information collected through our web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the web site and Company’s marketing and advertising efforts.
Maintenance of Information & Security Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures that includes but is not limited to security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All data is protected using the most advanced methods available. We do not store financial information, credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this Web site. However, due to the nature of the Internet, computer networks, systems and other factors, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Use of IP Addresses An IP (Internet Protocol) address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Your IP address does not contain any nonpublic personal information about you. Company collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to ensure the validity of customer requests.
Web Site Links This Web site may contain links to other Internet web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Internet web sites.
Opt Out Notice and Opportunity to Opt Out Company may disclose nonpublic personal information about you the customer to non-affiliated third parties, as previously described in this privacy policy. You have the right to opt out of this disclosure at any time before or after you submit nonpublic personal information. If you wish to opt out, please use the contact information below To indicate that you would rather not be contacted.  If using direct mail, please print out a copy of the ad that you received and include it with your letter.