https://www.photoidcardpeople.com/privacy-policy
You are here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of our Site, www.photoidcardpeople.com
Definitions and Interpretation
Words used in this privacy notice have the same meaning as is attributed to them in the Photo ID Card People Terms and Conditions additional terms have the following meanings
"Account"
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site. Further details are set out in section 3 below;
"Cookie"
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in our Cookie Policy;
"Cookie Law"
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
"Our Site"
https://www.photoidcardpeople.com
"personal data"
means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to Us via Our Site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 2018 and EU Regulation 2016/679 - the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR");
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by The Photo ID Card People Limited
We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner's Office (registration number ZA346530).
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by email at dpo@photoidcardpeople.com, or by post at 46 Barkston House, Croydon Street, Leeds, West Yorkshire, LS11 9RT.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Important - Please Read
By signing up an account with Photo ID Card People, you are accepting responsibility as a 'Data Controller' for all personal data you add to the design of your ID cards, whereby the personal data incorporated within the design of the ID card is there by the permission, gained by the Account holder of the individual(s) you are designing the ID card for.
We have no Data Controller responsibility over the data that is part of the ID card design.
As 'Data Controller' Our Site allows the Account holder to remove any ID card designs and associated images from their login area.
Your Rights
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR) you have a number of rights you can exercise over your data. Your rights are:
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
The right of access to the personal data We hold about you (see section 12);
The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section 13);
The right to be forgotten - i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in section 13);
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
To discuss any of these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO).
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection regulator. In our case, this is the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK. Details of how to contact them can be found at ICO.org.uk.
What Data Do We Collect?
Whilst using Our Site, register an Account or purchase a Product from Our Site we may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data. Please also see our Cookie Policy :
Username and password
Your name, company name, email and telephone number
Billing and delivery addresses
Correspondence to and from PICP
Your images
Your preferences for receiving communication from PICP
Information about your use of Photo ID Card People, and your browsing and online purchase activities
IP address; Web browser type and version;
How Do We Use Your Data?
All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the Data Protection Act 2018 and GDPR at all times. For more details on security see section 7, below.
Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by creating an Account), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for the following purposes:
Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
Supplying Our products and/or services to you please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you;
Personalising and tailoring Our products and/or services for you;
Replying to emails from you;
Supplying you with emails that you have opted into (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by emailing our Data Protection Officer at dpo@photoidcardpeople.com);
Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience;
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email and/or telephone and/or post with information, news and offers on Our products and services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the Data Protection Act 2018, EU Regulation 2016/679 - the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it.
We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. If We have not contacted you or you have not responded to our correspondence for 60 months your information will be considered inactive and will be deleted. We retain other minimal data for tax, anti-fraud and other purposes in accordance with our limited company obligations, more information at https://www.gov.uk
How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 6, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
Your data will only be stored in the UK
Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site where :
All information transmitted between your web-browser and the website is encrypted.
Do We Share Your Data?
Subject to section 8.2, We will not share any of your data with any third parties for any purposes.
In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal obligations, a court order, or a governmental authority.
We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data that can be combined with other data and used to identify you. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
How Can You Control Your Data?
When you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details.
Your Right to Withhold Information
You may access Our Site without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict Our use of Cookies for more information, see Cookie Policy
How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held).  Under GDPR, no fee is payable and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email dpo@photoidcardpeople.com, by telephone +44 (0) 113 366 0545 or by post 46 Barkston House, Croydon Street, Leeds, West Yorkshire, LS11 9RT. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This privacy notice was last updated on 14th May 2018 please check back regularly to keep informed of changes to this policy.
This company supports the Metropolitan Police initiative to prevent the sales of equipment for illegal purposes. Information may be shared with law enforcement
NB. The Metropolitan Police Service does not endorse any product sold
Opayo(Formerly Sage Page), Visa, MasterCard & Maestro
Facebook
Paypal