https://www.method123.com/terms-of-use.php
Home
Buy Now
PM Software
Free Stuff
Templates
Phases
Resources
Support
About
Terms of Use
This website is owned and operated by Method123.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
By using this website you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to these terms of use.
Terminology
In these terms of use, the expressions "we", "us" and "our" are a reference to Method123 Inc, unless the context dictates otherwise.
Information
The material on this website may change without notice so we recommend that you check our website for changes before acting upon material previously obtained from this website. While we provide the material in good faith, we accept no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, suitability for your intended use or timeliness of it. You accept that any material provided by us is general in nature and does not constitute advice.
We recommend that you obtain professional advice before relying on or using such material.
Ordering
By purchasing templates from this website you acknowledge that you are a person who can make legally binding contracts and have read and agreed to these terms.
Cancellation Due to Error
You acknowledge that despite our reasonable precautions, goods or services may be listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to a typographical error or like oversight.
In these circumstances, we reserve the right to cancel the transaction, notwithstanding that your order has been confirmed and your credit card has been charged. If a cancellation of this nature occurs after your credit card has been charged for the purchase, we will immediately issue a credit to your credit card account for the amount in question, and your right to use the deliverable shall cease.
Availability of this Website
Due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee or warrant that the functions on this website will be uninterrupted or error free or that defects will be corrected or that this website or the server that makes it available is free of any virus or other harmful elements.
We may terminate access to this website at any time without notice.
Website Links This website may contain links to other websites operated by parties that are not associated with us ("third parties"). These links have been provided solely for you to obtain further information about other relevant products and organisations in the market.
We have no control over the information on these sites or the products or services on them and therefore make no representations regarding the accuracy or suitability of such information, services, or products. We recommend that you make your own enquiries in relation to third parties described or linked on this website. Inclusion of a link to a third party website should not be seen as our endorsement of that party's website.
By linking to sites operated by third parties, we are not authorising the reproduction of any material on such websites, as such material may be the subject of intellectual property rights.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or licensed user of the copyright and other intellectual property rights in the material on this website. You may not reproduce, adapt, upload, link, frame, broadcast, distribute or in any way transmit the material on this website without our written consent, other than to the extent necessary to view the material or as permitted by law. Title to anything ordered by you does not pass to you.
Alterations
We reserve the right to amend these terms of use (including our Privacy Policy), the Licence and the goods and services available via this website at any time.
Amendments will be effective immediately upon updating this website.
Your continued use of the website following such notification will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the terms of use as amended.
Security
You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this website (or any linked website) and any goods or services available from it do not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system.
You acknowledge that despite all reasonable precautions on our part, there is a risk of unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data or of information contained on your computer system or on this website.
We do not accept responsibility or liability of any nature for any such losses which you may sustain as a result of such activity.
Disclaimer Except in relation to liability that cannot be lawfully excluded, we do not accept responsibility for any loss or damage, however caused (including through negligence), which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of this website or any linked website, nor do we accept any responsibility for any such loss arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed through this website.
To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty that would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is hereby excluded.
Where legislation implies any condition or warranty, and that legislation prohibits us from excluding or modifying the application of, or our liability under, any such condition or warranty, that condition or warranty will be deemed included but our liability will be limited for a breach of that condition or warranty to one or more of the following at our option (a) if the breach relates to goods, (i) replacing the goods or supplying equivalent goods, (ii) repairing such goods, (iii) paying the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods, (iv) paying the cost of having the goods repaired, or (v) refunding the fees; and (b) if the breach relates to services, (i) supplying the services again, (ii) paying the cost of having the services supplied again, or (iii) refunding the fees.
General
We accept no liability for any failure to comply with these terms of use where such failure is due to circumstance beyond our reasonable control.
If we waive any rights available to us under these terms of use on one occasion, this does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on any other occasion.
If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions shall nevertheless continue in full force.
In the event of inconsistency between these terms of use or any summary of the Licence
and the Licence, the terms of the Licence shall prevail.
Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated when you use this website.
USA Law Applies
This website is governed by and is to be interpreted in accordance with USA law.
Both of us irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the USA.
You must ensure that your access to this website is not illegal or prohibited by laws that apply to you. Details contained on this website relating to goods or services have been prepared in accordance with USA law and may not satisfy the laws of any other country.
It is your responsibility to determine whether these details satisfy the laws of the jurisdiction where you reside (if that jurisdiction is outside the USA) and if the details do not satisfy the laws of your jurisdiction, you may not order any goods or services from this website.
Product info...
Project Management Templates, Project Management Template, Project Management Life Cycle, Project Management Tools, Project Management Book, Project Management Template Blog, Business Case, Feasibility Study, Project Charter, Project Plan, Quality Plan, Risk Plan, Communication Plan, Statement of Work, Request for Proposal, Project Planning, Project Management Methodology
Blog | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Project Management Templates | Contact Us | Glossary
Copyright © Method123.
New York, NY
USA