http://www.isee.org/privacy-policy
ISEE
Join ISEE
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement Updated May 25, 2018.
Welcome to the International Society of Explosives Engineers (ISEE). ISEE is the leading membership association for the explosives engineering profession.
In Part I of this Privacy Statement we set forth ISEE's Privacy Policy as to personal information which we collect online through www.isee.org or other ISEE websites which link to this Privacy Statement from their site (collectively, "ISEE Websites").
In Part II of this Privacy Statement we set forth ISEE's Privacy Policy as to personal information which we collect other than through ISEE Websites.
"Personal information", is any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to you. Personal information includes "sensitive personal information" and "pseudonym personal information" but excludes anonymous information or information that has had the identity of an individual permanently removed.
Your use of the ISEE Website and/or provision of your personal information or sensitive personal information to ISEE constitutes your consent to the use, storage, processing and transfer of that information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the "GDPR") the data controller is International Society of Explosives Engineers with an office located at 26500 Renaissance Parkway, Cleveland, Ohio 44128. ISEE is an organization based in the United States. The SEE Education Foundation, a subsidiary of ISEE, has also adopted this Privacy Statement.  Where your data is being collected and used by the SEE Education Foundation, all references to ISEE herein shall also mean the SEE Education Foundation.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Statement, or any questions about the ISEE Websites please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., by phone at 440-349-4400, fax 440-349-3788 or send a letter to:
International Society of Explosives Engineers 26500 Renaissance Parkway Cleveland, Ohio, 44128
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time, so please check back periodically.
If at any point we decide to use personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will endeavor to notify you of such changes (e.g., we will post a revised Privacy Statement with a new effective date, display the word "updated" next to the Privacy Policy link on each page on the ISEE Website, or otherwise), prior to implementing them.
PART I – ISEE WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Throughout the ISEE Website, there are forms used by visitors to request information, products, and services. We use personal information from these forms to provide the products, promotional materials, or memberships that you request.
Forms on the ISEE website that request financial information do so in order to bill you for products or services ordered. Unique identifiers (specifically, your ISEE member number) are collected from website visitors to verify the user's identity for access to restricted content or features on the ISEE Website.
This Privacy Policy discloses ISEE's privacy practices and contains detailed information about the following:
What information do we collect?
What are "cookies" and how does ISEE use them?
Do we share information with third parties?
How do we use the information we collect?
How can you review and modify your personal information?
What is the opt-out policy for the ISEE Website?
Your European privacy rights
What types of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
1. What information do we collect?
ISEE’s Website collects the following personal information about site visitors:
a)    Site Use Information
ISEE collects technical information relating to each time a visitor comes to ISEE’s Website, including IP address, browser type and version, time zone settings, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform type (e.g. Internet Explorer browser on a Windows platform).
We also collect anonymous information about your visit, including pages viewed, searches, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Gathering this technical information helps us to learn what browsers we need to support, and helps us determine what sections of ISEE’s website are most popular and how many visitors come to our site(s). You do not have to register with ISEE’s website before we can collect this information.
b)    Information You Give Us
You may provide personal information to us which may include your name, home and/or work email address, postal address, phone number and/or fax number, your employer and job title, demographic information about you including birth year, certification designation, etc., and if you are making a purchase, your credit card information. You are only required to provide such information if you want to take advantage of optional products and services provided through ISEE’s website.
ISEE collects personal information in the following ways from different parts of the ISEE Website:
ISEE Membership Applications: You are sharing personal information with us when you join ISEE or renew your ISEE membership through the ISEE Website. ISEE members will have ISEE membership log-in credentials which enable members to take advantage of restricted content and features on the ISEE Website.
Other Registration: When registering for specific services we may ask for the same type of personal information. For example, if you subscribe to an e-mail newsletter, we will ask you to provide your e-mail address.
Online Purchases: When you make a purchase using the ISEE bookstore or when you subscribe to an ISEE publication through the ISEE website, we may also ask for the same type of personal information. The number and variety of useful services on ISEE’s website that may require the collection of personal information about you will continue to grow in the future.
2. What are "cookies" and how does ISEE use them?
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer. This unique number identifies your web browser to ISEE computers whenever you visit ISEE’s website.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and cookies are currently used on most major websites. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser to notify you when you have received a cookie. You can also set your browser to refuse to accept cookies altogether.
While ISEE does not require you to use cookies, keep in mind that certain services will not function properly if you set your browser to refuse all cookies. To help serve you better, ISEE generally uses cookies to:
Identify return visitors. Cookies let us remember your web browser so we can provide personalized member services such as access to the Member’s Hub, member’s only bookstore pricing and ISEE search agents. Cookies also allow us to identify ISEE members who are returning to the site.
For more information about how we use cookies on the ISEE Websites, please see our Cookie Policy.
3. Do we share information with third parties?
Personal information collected through the ISEE website is generally collected and maintained solely by ISEE or its contracted vendors.
We may share personal information in the following ways:
a)    Information You Give Us
Personal information provided to us when you register for services or products: When you provide personal information about yourself on the ISEE website to register for a service, buy a product, or take advantage of a promotion, ISEE reserves the right to sell or otherwise provide to selected third parties, mailing/information lists derived from such registrations.
If you wish to opt out of such list sales/distribution at any time, you may do so by following the directions in Item 6 below. We will not share personal information relating to individuals based in the EU unless you have provided your opt in consent.
Information provided when joining or renewing your membership with ISEE: If you join ISEE or renew your membership through the ISEE website, you provide personal information about you on the membership application. ISEE reserves the right to sell or otherwise provide mailing/information lists concerning members to selected third-parties.
If you wish to opt out of such list sales/distributions at any time during your ISEE membership, you may do so by following the directions in Item 6 below. We will not share personal information relating to individuals based in the EU unless you have provided your opt in consent.
ISEE does not sell to third-parties, e-mail addresses obtained from member applications or renewals.
Sensitive Personal Information.  ISEE does not share with third parties, sensitive personal information such as passcodes, social security numbers, credit card numbers, felony conviction information, or health information except as necessary to complete transactions requested by you and under strict confidentiality and security protections; nor does ISEE publish such sensitive personal information.
b)    Site Use Information
We disclose to third-party sponsors/advertisers aggregate statistics (i.e., impressions and click-throughs on a company's advertisement).
In addition, we may share anonymous, aggregate website statistics with the media or other third parties. We do not disclose personal information to these sponsors/advertisers or other third parties as part of this process, only information in an aggregate format.
c)    ISEE Subsidiaries
We also allow our affiliates, European Federation of Explosives Engineers (EFEE), to use the information which you may provide when you register for services or products or when you join or renew membership in ISEE, to the same extent as ISEE may use such information under this Privacy Policy, and fully subject to the same limits as ISEE is subject to on the use of such information under this Privacy Policy.
4. How do we use the information we collect?
We use your personal information according to the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of our use. We will only process your personal information, including sharing it with third parties, where (1) you have provided your consent which can be withdrawn at any time, (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party (including your membership agreement with us), (3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests, provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We use personal information for the following purposes:
a)    Information You Give Us
We use the personal information you give us to:
Carry out our obligations arising from your membership and any other agreement entered into between you and us
Update and renew your membership as required
Provide you with the information, products and services you request from us
Arrange and deliver conferences, events and programming relevant to your job and subjects of interest
Respond to your questions and provide related membership or customer services
Improve the ISEE website
Send you ISEE publications, information about member benefits and special offers, and other information that ISEE believes is relevant and useful to its members, where you have not opted out of receiving such information
Send you third party information that ISEE believes is relevant and useful to you, where you have given your consent
Notify you about changes to your membership or related services or to ask you to provide feedback
Enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Administer and protect our business and website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Comply with all applicable laws or legal processes, including providing information on individual users to the appropriate governmental authorities where required by law enforcement or judicial authorities
We may also use the personal information you give us in:
Matters involving a danger to personal or public safety, or to protect the rights, property or safety of ISEE, our members, customers or others ISEE may voluntarily provide information to appropriate governmental authorities
Some cases members may receive products or services, which are paid for by their government employer, and as a result of payment by the government employer, the record must be open for public access pursuant to applicable law, such as the Florida Public Records Act, and ISEE will share such information pursuant to those laws
b)    Site Use Information
As mentioned above, ISEE uses the aggregate, anonymous data collected to let our sponsors/advertisers know the number of impressions or views and the number of click throughs on their advertisement(s).
ISEE also uses this aggregate, anonymous data to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of visitors to ISEE’s website; to measure user interests regarding specific areas of ISEE’s Website; and to analyze how and where best to use our resources.
Without such data, we would not know which parts of ISEE’s website are the most popular, and we would not be able to change and update the content and services appropriately.
c) Information Collected in Connection with ISEE’s Certificate Program
If you register for ISEE’s Certificate Program, ISEE uses any personal information you may provide in the same manner as when you register for other ISEE products and services. Without limitation of the foregoing, ISEE (and/or ISEE's certificate program vendors) will permanently maintain your program file, so that throughout your career, you can rely on the availability of documentation of your level of achievement. Your actual test results, however, are kept confidential and will not be released without your written permission.
d)    Exceptions
On occasion ISEE collects personal information through ISEE’s website with the intent to afford a greater degree of privacy for such information than is otherwise set forth in this privacy policy.
In those relatively rare situations where ISEE does so, it will clearly disclose to you at the time it collects such information, what degree of privacy will be afforded to the personal information collected at such time; and ISEE will follow a process to assure that the specifically disclosed degree of privacy is in fact afforded to such information.
For example, ISEE may collect survey information through a survey where ISEE's use of any personal information from that survey is more limited than the general ISEE Privacy Statement would otherwise allow; in such a case, ISEE will disclose the stricter privacy policy governing that survey information at the time such personal information is collected from the survey respondent.
5. How can you review and modify your personal information?
You have the following options for modifying or deleting personal information or demographic information previously provided by you to ISEE:
E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Send mail to the following postal address: ISEE, 26500 Renaissance Parkway, Cleveland, Ohio, 44128, ATTN: Membership Department.
Call: 440-349-4400 or fax us at 440-349-3788.
6. What is the opt-out policy for ISEE’s Website?
ISEE provides members and customers with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners. If you no longer wish to receive specific communications or services, you have the following options:
You can send an e-mail to: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Send mail to the following postal address: ISEE, 26500 Renaissance Parkway, Cleveland, Ohio, 44128, ATTN: Membership Department.
Call: 440-349-4400 or fax us at 440-349-3788.
Instructions for opting out of any ISEE e-mail newsletter you receive are included with each e-mail.
7. Your California Privacy Rights
For California Residents Only.  ISEE may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries or other third parties who may use that information to market directly to you.  As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of having your personal information licensed to such third parties.  We will not share your information after we have received your notification that you are opting out.  If you wish to opt-out you have the following options:
You can send an e-mail to: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Send mail to the following postal address: ISEE, 26500 Renaissance Parkway, Cleveland, Ohio, 44128, ATTN: Membership Department.
Call: 440-349-4400 or fax us at 440-349-3788.
8. Your European Privacy Rights
For European Residents Only. If you are based in the EU, in certain circumstances, you have rights under the GDPR in relation to your personal information.
Request access to your personal information.  You may have the right to request access to any personal information we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the personal information, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the personal information has been shared, where possible, the period for which the personal information will be stored, the source of the personal information, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your personal information. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
Request erasure of your personal information. You may have the right to request that personal information held about you is deleted.
Request restriction of processing your personal information. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information. You may have the right to request transfer of personal information directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Where you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under this Privacy Policy or European data protection laws, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner's Office.
If you wish to exercise your European data subject rights, you have the following options:
You can send an e-mail to: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Send mail to the following postal address: ISEE, 26500 Renaissance Parkway, Cleveland, Ohio, 44128, ATTN: Membership Department.
Call: 440-349-4400 or fax us at 440-349-3788.
9. What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
ISEE’s website has security measures equal to or better than those reasonably expected in the industry to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur; we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your ISEE login credentials. You may not share your ISEE login credentials with colleagues or friends so they can access content or features that are restricted to ISEE members only. You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
PART II – ISEE PRIVACY POLICY FOR INFORMATION COLLECTED OTHER THAN THROUGH ISEE’s WEBSITE
If you submit personal information to ISEE through any channel other than ISEE’s website, the same privacy rules set forth in Part I above for ISEE’s Website will be applied to such personal information you submit through channels other than ISEE Websites (including without limitation your opt-out rights at Part I, Section 6 above), except as follows:
The "cookies" and other tracking devices used by ISEE’s website and described in Part I above do not apply to personal information gathered through channels other than ISEE’s Website.
Hardcopy personal information provided to ISEE which is not converted to electronic media and hosted by ISEE will be subject to different security procedures than will stored electronic personal information. ISEE has security measures equal to or better than those reasonably expected in the industry, in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your hardcopy personal information under our control.
When ISEE collects personal information through channels other than ISEE’s Website it may in some instances apply a different privacy policy to such information; but where it does so it shall conspicuously disclose to you at the time of collection what privacy policy will apply to such information.  For example, ISEE may collect survey information through a survey where ISEE's use of any personal information from that survey is more limited than the general ISEE Privacy Statement would otherwise allow; in such a case ISEE will disclose the stricter privacy policy governing that survey information at the time such personal information is collected from the survey respondent.
Privacy Policy Effective May 25, 2018
ISEE Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy Updated May 25, 2018.
Welcome to the International Society of Explosives Engineers (ISEE). ISEE is the world’s largest professional association for explosives engineers.
This Cookie Policy applies to International Society of Explosives Engineers ("ISEE", "we", "our" or "us").  The SEE Education Foundation has also adopted this Cookie Policy.  Where your data is being collected and used by the SEE Education Foundation, all references to ISEE herein shall also refer to the SEE Education Foundation, as applicable.
Like most businesses, we employ "cookies" or similar technologies. This Cookie Policy tells you about the use of Cookies and similar technologies on the website.
When you first access ISEE’s Website you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By closing the message or continuing to browse the ISEE Website, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this Cookie Policy.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time (see How to Control Cookies, below). You can change your browser settings to refuse or restrict cookies, and you may delete them after they have been placed on your device at any time. If you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of the ISEE Website that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly.
1. What are cookies?
Cookies are small files containing a string of characters that we may store on your computer or mobile device when you visit ISEE’s website.  When you visit the ISEE website again, the cookies allow us to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Cookies set by a website owner (in this case, ISEE) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable us to provide third party features or functionality through the ISEE Website (i.e. advertising, social media functions and analytics).
2. The Cookies We Use
Cookies make the use of ISEE’s website easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our cookies may enable us to relate your use of ISEE’s website to Personal Data that you previously submitted.
The information that we collect with cookies allows us to statistically analyze usage of ISEE’s website, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, we only disclose information collected with cookies to third parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
The specific types of first party and third-party cookies placed by ISEE’s Website and the purposes they perform are described in the table below:
Type of Cookies
Who serves these cookies
How to Refuse
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of ISEE’s website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing.
ISEE
These cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the ISEE websites and therefore cannot be refused. They can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings, however (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These are used to recognize you when you return to ISEE’s website. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region), but are non-essential to the performance of ISEE’s website.
ISEE
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Analytical or Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information about how users access and move through ISEE’s website. We use this information in either aggregate form to help us to improve the way ISEE’s website works, or to personalize ISEE’s Website to your interests.
ISEE
Google
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Alternatively, please follow the links below to opt-out:
Google Universal Analytics
Social Media Cookies
These cookies allow us to integrate social media functions into ISEE’s Website and may also be used for advertising purposes.
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
LinkedIn
These cookies can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Alternatively, please follow the links below to opt-out:
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
LinkedIn
3. How to Control Cookies
When you first access ISEE’s website you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By closing the message or continuing to browse the website, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this Cookie Policy.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time, although you may not be able to use certain features on ISEE’s website. You can do this by clicking the appropriate opt-out provided in the cookie table above or by activating the settings on your browser that allows you to refuse all or some cookies.
Please follow the links below to helpful information for the most popular browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://youronlinechoices.com/
4. Changes to this Cookie Policy
We will update this Cookie Policy from time to time, so please check back periodically.
The provisions contained in this Cookie Policy supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our use of cookies and similar technology on ISEE’s Website.
We encourage you to check ISEE’s Website frequently to see the current Cookie Policy so that you understand how ISEE is committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved content on ISEE’s Website in order to enhance your experience.
5. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Cookie Policy please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..  If you have any questions about the ISEE’s Website, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., by phone at 440-349-4400, fax at 440-349-3788 or send a letter to:
International Society of Explosives Engineers 26500 Renaissance Parkway Cleveland, Ohio, 44128