http://www.farmerstobacco.com/privacy-policy
Loading...
Privacy Policy
General Privacy StatementThe following policy applies to all the domains owned and operated by Farmer's Tobacco. These include:farmerstobacco.comkentuckysbestcigarettes.combaroncigarettes.comchisumfilteredcigars.comkybestryo.comvbcigarettes.comAt Farmer’s Tobacco Company of Cynthiana, Inc. (FTCC) we consider your personal information to be your own. In general, you can surf our website without telling us who you are or anything about yourself beside the legal requirement of verifying that you are of legal age to view the site. We do reserve the right to collect domain names of visitors to this website to be able to measure statistics like number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. This kind of information helps us improve our website and make it easier for you to use. E-MailIn certain areas of this site you have the option to send e-mail to FTCC, to share your own email address and other information about yourself – for example, your name, title, company, address, phone number, etc. We reserve the right to collect and store all this information for further correspondence. If you prefer that we do not send you e-mail in the future, or that we cease to retain any other information about you that you have shared, simply make that request in an e-mail to us and we promise to respect your wishes. Use of Personal InformationThe personal and e-mail data that is shared with us on this site will be used to communicate with our customers regarding programs or issues where they have indicated an interest. Except as provided below we do not sell or rent personal information or e-mail addresses to other organizations or entities. We may do this at some time in the future. We reserve the right to disclose information collected from you: (1) as necessary, if we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, other uses of our website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities; (2) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (3) in the event that we, or substantially all of our assets are acquired (your personal information may be one of the transferred assets). CookiesCookies are very small programs that a website stores on your computer or Internet device so as to recognize you each time you return. This website uses cookies to make it easier for your usage. If you are concerned about cookies, you can enable your browser's "Prompt Before Accepting Cookies" feature and inspect cookies before they are stored. Links To Other SitesAny and all links on this site are provided as a convenience, but FTCC is not responsible for the content on the linked websites. The statements and views available on those sites do not necessarily represent the views of FTCC or its management.We reserve the right to change our Privacy Statements. If and when we do, we will update this page.