https://www.climbingwall.co.uk/privacy-policy
info@climbingwall.co.uk 017687 79959
Visit kongrunning.com
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing or using this website operated by King Kong Climbing Walls you agree to the terms of the privacy policy, as outlined below.
Collection of Personal Information
www.kongadventure.com and King Kong Climbing Centre Ltd. collects information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. It does not however store credit card details. We also use information that you provide as part of our effort to keep you informed about product changes, special offers and other products and services.
We recognise and appreciate the importance of responsible use of this information. If you do not want the information you provide to be used to inform you of other products and special offers from us, and you indicate this preference when you provide the information to us, we will honour your preference. When you submit personal information with respect to a particular activity, such as ordering a product, you understand and agree that in order to complete the activity and update related files, we may need to transfer, store and process your information in any of the countries in which such entities maintain offices, including without limitation, the United Kingdom. Your personal information will not be transferred outside the European Union for any other purpose unless you give your consent.
Updating your Personal Information
You have the right to access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences.
This may be done by contacting us. Please include your name, address and/or email address when you contact us.
Copyright and Trademarks
All site design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on this site are copyright of  King Kong Climbing Centre Ltd. and its affiliates, or their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of the site for the sole purpose of placing an order with us or using the site as a shopping resource. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution or republication without our prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
All brand names, product names and titles used in the site are trademarks or trade names of their respective holders. No permission is given in respect of the use of any of these names or titles, and moreover any such use may constitute an infringement of the holders’ rights.
Privacy Policy
King Kong Climbing Centre Ltd. is committed to protecting your privacy, and we comply with the data protection laws applicable to the UK. We use the information collected from you to process orders and to provide a more personalised shopping experience.
If you have any queries please use our contact form or call us on 017687 79959.
Contact Us Tel:
017687 79959
Email:
info@climbingwall.co.uk
Address:
Threlkeld Quarry,
Keswick
Cumbria,
CA12 4TT
SolutionsKrazy Kong
Kong Ropes
Kong Caves
Top Rope and Lead Walls
Kong ClimbingTop Rope and Lead Walls
Climbing Surface Solution
Mobile Towers
Climbing & Activity Towers
Home and Office Systems
Traverse Walls
School and Leisure Centre Walls
Bouldering Walls
Our other sites
© 2020 King Kong Climbing Walls. Website by Bunting Design Co
info@climbingwall.co.uk 017687 79959
About us
Kong Solutions
Kong Climbing
Top Rope and Lead Walls
Bouldering Walls
Mobile Towers
Home and Office Systems
Climbing & Activity Towers
Traverse Walls
School and Leisure
Kong Caves
Kong Ropes
Krazy Kong
Bespoke Solutions
Climbing Surface Solution
Holds
Head Rush Tech
TRUBLUE AUTO BELAY
QUICKFLIGHT Free Fall Device
ZIP STOP ZIPLINE BREAKING
Accessories
Safety Flooring
Hardwear
Volumes
Services
Assembly and Testing
Design and Engineering
UK Fabrication
Operational Consultancy and Training
Inspection and Maintenance
Project Portfolio
Bear Grylls Adventure
Ards Blair Mayne Wellbeing and Leisure Complex
VauxWall East
Harrowall Multi Activity Centre
Contact
Visit kongrunning.com
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.