http://www.dinamicagenerale.com/en-ww/privacy-policy.aspx#cookie
WORLDWIDE (English)
nation: WORLDWIDE language: English
Deutsch
Español
Français
ITALY
Italiano
RUSSIA
Russian
UNITED STATES
English
WORLDWIDE
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Download
MY SOFTWARE
IoT APPLICATIONSSolutionsOn-FarmIn FieldOn-boardMedicalProductsAbout usCompanyZeltexMilestonesVision and MissionQuality & EnvironmentSocial commitmentR&DService & SupportService & SupportFaqDownload AreacommunicationNewsEventsCase historyVideoContactGlobal locationContact formCareersNewsletter
HomeMedicalSolutionsCase historyDevelopmentProductionCertificatesComplaintContactGlobal locationContact formCareers
Collection and Processing of Personal DataINFORMATION ON PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA(Article 13 of the Legislative Decree 196/03 and Article 13 of the EU Reg. 2016/679)
Pursuant to Legislative Decree 196/03 and the EU Reg. 2016/679 laying down provisions for the protection of persons and other subjects regarding the processing of personal data, we wish to inform you that the personal data you provide will be processed in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. HOLDER OF THE TREATMENT - HEAD OF DATA PROTECTION - RESPONSIBLE FOR DATA PROTECTION
The Data Controller is the company Dinamica Generale S.p.a. based in Via Arnoldo Mondadori No. 15, 46025 POGGIO RUSCO (MN) in the person of the President and legal representative pro tempore Mr Andrea Ghiraldi.
The updated list of data processors, D.P.O. and processors can be requested by letter or email to privacy@dinamicagenerale.com
2. SCOPE OF THE DATA TREATMENT
The Data Controller processes personal data, such as name, surname, company name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, bank and payment details - hereinafter, "personal data" or even "data" that you have communicated.
3. DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING
All data are collected and processed to provide for the mandatory obligations related to our economic activity, for the purposes of management and conclusion of the contractual relationship with you or to respond to your requests.
We hereby inform you that the provision of data is optional, but becomes mandatory for all those necessary to comply with the law and / or as well as to establish and / or perform contractual obligations or respond to your requests and therefore failure to provide such data could not allow the establishment, continuation or total or partial execution of pre-contractual or contractual relationships or in any case to respond to your request.
4. HOW DATA IS TREATED
The data are processed lawfully and according to rules of fairness and confidentiality, in full compliance with Legislative Decree no. 196/03 and the EU Reg. 2016/679 with both IT and manual / paper tools and in any case with tools that guarantee security and confidentiality.
Please note that, in compliance with the principles of lawfulness, purpose limitation and data minimization, pursuant to art. 5 GDPR 2016/679, your personal data will be kept for a maximum period of ten years.
5. SCOPE OF COMMUNICATION AND TREATMENT
We hereby inform you that data collected will never be disclosed and will not be communicated without your explicit consent.
The data may be made accessible for the purposes referred to in point 3., to employees and collaborators of the Data Controller, in their capacity as data processors and / or internal data processors; to subjects external to our organization such as subsidiaries or affiliated companies or others who perform tasks on behalf of the company (ex: tax obligations, sales network, shipping, filing, IT, consulting, transport, marketing and communication services etc.); to subjects foreseen or authorized by law.
The data may also be processed for the sending of advertising material, for market research and internal statistical analysis, direct sales, customer satisfaction questionnaires, sales or technical communications (identified as "Marketing" activity), with specific consent request, except for mailings concerning direct sales or commercial communications relating to products or services similar to those supplied, for which you can exercise at any time the right of refusal of such use, pursuant to art. 7 of Legislative Decree 196/03 and of art. 15 of the EU Reg. 2016/679.
6. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
Your data will not be transferred either to Member States of the European Union or to third countries outside the European Union.
7. EXISTENCE OF AN AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING PROCESS, INCLUDING THE PROFILING
No automated decision-making process, including profiling have been used, pursuant to article 22, paragraphs 1 and 4 of EU Regulation no. 679/2016
The risk assessment is also based on an automated decision-making process, which, by analyzing the characteristics of the data subject, allows framing the same within a specific level of risk. It is understood that the interested party has at any time the right to oppose the automated decision-making process described above
8. RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTY
Pursuant to art. 7 of Legislative Decree 196/2003 and articles from 15 to 22 of EU Regulation no. 2016/679, the person concerned shall be granted at any time the right to:
a) receive confirmation on his personal information;
b) obtain information on the purpose of processing, recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal information have been communicated and, where possible, the retention period;
c) update, modify and/or correct the personal information;
d) ask for limitation of the treatment;
e) ask for data portability, i.e. receive information from data controller, in a structured format, commonly used and readable by automatic device, and transmit them to another data controller without hindrance;
f) block the data processing at any time also in case of treatment for direct marketing purposes;
g) oppose an automated decision-making process concerning individuals, including profiling.
h) ask the data controller to access personal information and to modify or cancel them or limit their processing or block their processing, in addition to the right to data portability;
i) withdraw the consent at any time without prejudice to the lawfulness of the treatment based on the consent given prior to the revocation;
j) propose a complaint to a supervisory authority.
You can exercise your right by sending a written request to Dinamica Generale SpA to the postal address of the head quarter or to the email address privacy@dinamicagenerale.com
Non-Personal Data Collected Automatically
When you access our websites, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g. type of internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the website, pages viewed). We may use this data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to monitor the attractiveness of our websites and improve their performance or content.
Cookies
We use cookies in our websites to collect and store pieces of information in small files on the hard drive of your computer in order to best tailor the navigation experience on your preferences. No personal information is stored in our cookies. We only use them to identify your computer and gather data form your navigation (e.g.: your previous browsing on our website, your IP address).
Use of Cookies
The aggregate information collected allows us to analyse traffic patterns on our website and improve the navigation experience of our visitors. We use cookies while sending forms, to geo-locate your position, to store browsing preferences (e.g. preferred DINAMICA GENERALE website), to collect user data to ease log-in procedure, to suggest useful links based on last visited pages, to collect navigation statistics (Google analytics) to improve our online services, to share information through social networks.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but the user can change the settings to disable this feature. It is possible to block all types of cookies or to accept only some and disable others. The “Options” or “Preferences” section of the browser menu allows the user to receive cookies and other tracking technologies and explains how to obtain browser notifications about the activation of such technologies. Alternatively, the user can also refer to the “Help” section present in most browsers. It is also possible to select the preferred browser from the list below; follow the instructions: - Internet Explorer; - Chrome; - Safari; - Firefox; - Opera. For mobile devices: - Android; - Safari; - Windows Phone; - Blackberry. To learn more about cookies and to manage preferences about (first and/or third party) cookies, users are invited to visit the platform www.youronlinechoices.com. However, it should be noted that disabling the navigation or functional cookies may cause the malfunction of the site and/or may limit the services offered.
Essential Cookies
There are some cookies that are essential because without them our website cannot work properly. These essential cookies cannot be disabled.
DINAMICA GENERALE Cookies
Our cookies contain a random ID, site preferences specified by the visitors, short visitor browsing history on DINAMICA GENERALE websites. They expire in 30 days.
Other Cookies
We set a few cookies by ourselves but when we include services by other websites, they get the possibility to set cookies as well, to help them serve their content. Here below you will find a list of services we use and which cookies they set. Since they can change in time depending on their development, we cannot guarantee that we will always have precisely listed all the cookies you may get from a third party.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect and analyse information on how visitors use our sites. The information includes your IP address and is transmitted and stored by Google, on its servers.
Google creates reports on website activities and provides other services related to internet usage. Google may also pass this information on to third parties when required to do so by law, or when such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you allow to the processing of browsing data by Google as explained above. You can still opt out by turning off cookies preferences in your browser. For more information please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/cookies
Facebook
We use social plug-ins to share website contents on Facebook. If you have already been on  Facebook, it will access some previously stored cookies. If not, no other cookies will be added. The The Facebook support site on cookies can be visited at https://www.facebook.com/help/360595310676682/
Twitter
We make use of Twitter social plug-ins to allow sharing content via Twitter. Twitter uses cookies to improve its services. If you want more information on twitter privacy policy please visit https://twitter.com/privacy
Google+
We set up a Google+ plug-in on many of our pages to allow visitors to share links via that service. For more information about the Google+1 button, see their privacy policy at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/+/policy/+1button.html
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on this site or any other DINAMICA GENERALE sites. Should we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records.
Changes to this Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant.
Regardless, we will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will also provide a more prominent notice. Each version will be noted at the top of the page. Prior versions of this Privacy Policy will be kept in an for you to view.
This policy has been last updated on Month 8 2016. Changes include better description of our usage of cookies and the addition of a section concerning user-generated content on the site.
Should you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us any time.
CONTACT DINAMICA GENERALEWe will be pleased to answer any questions you may have
TagTop searchesSitemapTerm of use
Dinamica Generale S.p.A.Via Mondadori, 15 - 46025 - Poggio Rusco (MN)company registration number 01599500202REA MN 169392Paid-in capital 1.000.000,00 I.V.Copyright © 2017-2020
[Privacy and Cookie Policy]
x
This website uses cookies. Find out more about how this website uses cookies at this link. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.On May 25, 2018, the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect in all EU member states. Please check how we have adjusted our privacy policy in accordance with the European legislation.