http://www.crackmasterscanada.com/legal/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Locations Products Customer ServiceAll of Our Services About Crackmasters Articles & Blog Dealership Opportunities
Feedback
Privacy Policy
Crackmasters Canada is committed to maintain the security, confidentiality and privacy of information collected from clients through this website (crackmasterscanada.com).
We collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” means the information you provide to us through this website and, without limitation, includes your name, address, date of birth, contact information, and employment history.
Consent
By submitting your Personal Information on the application, you acknowledge and consent to the collection, use, sale and/or disclosure of your Personal Information as set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our collection, use, sale and/or disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, do not submit your Personal Information to us. Please note that in the event that you do not provide your Personal Information as contemplated by the application, we may be unable to complete your request for assistance.
Securing Your Information
We employ reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the Personal Information in our possession or under our control in order to protect that information from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, modification or similar risks. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You may request access to your Personal Information and information about our collection, use and disclosure of that information by sending your request to our Privacy Officer at the email address noted below. Subject to certain exceptions and limitations prescribed by applicable law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information within a reasonable time, and will be entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your Personal Information.
Retention
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as it is required for the purposes for which it was collected. When your Personal Information is no longer required for our purposes, we will delete and/or destroy, erase or make anonymous this information.
Sharing Information
We may sell and/or otherwise disclose this Personal Information to other wholesale lead providers or to motor vehicle dealerships in your geographical area which may be able to assist you in purchasing a new or used vehicle. We may also sell and/or disclose personal information to other persons or organizations which offer products or services directly or indirectly related to the vehicle sale industry. Such services may include financing, credit repair and insurance.
Only the information necessary to determine whether a motor vehicle dealership or other product or service provider may be able to assist you in purchasing a new or used vehicle or to offer products and services, as contemplated above, will be sold and/or disclosed.
The persons or organizations to whom we sell and/or disclose your information may conduct searches in relation to this Personal Information and/or other information.
By providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to its disclosure and/or sale to one or more person or organization, any or all of which may conduct independent searches in relation to your Personal Information.
The automotive distributor and/or other persons or organizations may contact you in the future for additional information. In addition, we may retain some of your Personal Information to contact you, directly or through an affiliate, in the future with respect to products and services which may be directly or indirectly related to the vehicle sale industry, including auto loans and other financial or automotive related products.
By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy, you also consent to receiving e-mails about additional products and services from us or any of our affiliates.
We will contractually require persons or organizations to whom your Personal Information is sold or disclosed to use reasonable protection measures and to refrain from further disclosing your Personal Information without your consent, except as provided in this Privacy Policy.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to contractual or legal obligations. Upon your request and where we have disclosed your Personal Information to other persons, we will notify such persons of the withdrawal of your consent.
Please note that indicating that you wish to unsubscribe to our e-mail list, will not be regarded as a withdrawal of consent. Likewise, withdrawing consent directly with the persons or organizations to whom your Personal Information has been sold and/or disclosed will not withdraw the consent that you are providing to us by accepting this Privacy Policy.
Online Advertising
Our online practices apply to anyone who visits our website on their computer or mobile device, as well as anyone who uses our mobile application. You may see advertisements for our products and services on our own website, as well as on third-party websites. These ads may be tailored to your specific preferences based on information we, or our marketing service providers, have collected through cookies and other monitoring technologies. You can opt out of online tracking by clicking on the “Ad Preferences” link embedded in many of our advertisements or by adjusting your browser settings to reject cookies, though rejecting cookies may impact your online experience.
We may also partner with third parties, including platforms and websites you may use, who may deliver advertisements to you and monitor your preferences. Our partners may use the information you have provided to them, such as your location or personal preferences and interests, to deliver our ads to you. Our third-party partners are subject to their own privacy policies.
Credit Disclosure
You acknowledge and agree that we, or any dealers or other persons or organizations to which we have disclosed your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may request a credit report for any legitimate purpose associated with your application [for credit, extending credit, modifying the terms of your credit agreement, or collection on your account.] Upon your request we will inform you if we have ordered such a report, and will give you the name and address of the credit reporting agency that furnished the report.
Policy Changes
To accommodate changes in our website, changing technology, and legal developments, this Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time in our discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. Our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information will be governed by the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at that time. New versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on website and are available upon request from us. Your continued dealings with us or your use of website subsequent to any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Policy. Accordingly, when you use website you should check the date of this Privacy Policy and review any changes since the last version. You should also bookmark this page and periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version.
Questions
If you have questions relating to this Privacy Policy or the retention or use of your Personal Information, or wish to withdraw consent to for us to use your Personal Information, please contact our Privacy Officer at: info@crackmasterscanada.com.
Go to Top