https://www.mrg.org.uk/content/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the MRG Website. As you are using this website to browse or interact, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern the MRG’s relationship with you and your employer in relation to this website.
The terms MRG or Media Research Group or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to The Media Research Group. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer or our website.
Use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of our web site or the content or services available through it, including your access to it. Unless explicitly stated any new features including new content, shall be subject to these terms and conditions.
We will try to make our web site available but cannot guarantee that our web site will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error free and can accept no liability for its unavailability.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any services, information or products available through this website meet your specific requirements.
You may only use the password and/or access details to the site as a fully paid up member of the MRG. Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and or be a criminal offence.
This website contains material that is owned, shared or licensed to us. You agree not to reproduce, redistribute, retransmit, publish or otherwise transfer or commercially exploit such information without the MRG’s express written permission.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use our web site and is compatible with our web site. You also understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that any material available for downloading from our web site will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
All trademarks reproduced on this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials y contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This website may also provide links to other websites, blogs, and social networks. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. A link to any other site does not mean that the MRG endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use of, such a web site/blog or social network and shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on or through any other web site or resource.
We reserve the right to alter the events and courses with respect to programme content, speakers, timing or location.
You authorise us to use, store or otherwise process any personal information which relates to and identifies you, including but not limited to your name and address ('Personal Information'), in accordance with our privacy policy.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.