https://www.azimuth.ie/privacy-policy/
Give Us a Call On: +353 (0)87 284 0609Email Us at: info@azimuth.ie
GET IN TOUCH WITH US TODAY!
Privacy Policy
Your choice
The use of the Azimuth website does not require you to disclose personal information unless you choose to give it for a specific purpose, such as news subscription, quote request or requesting further information regarding our services what we provide. At all points where personal information is required, a statement will appear explaining how this information will be used.
If you do not want your information to be used in any of the ways listed you may opt-out by ticking the box provided.
This website does not directly offer any donation or purchasing facilities.
Giving us your personal information
Please note that where you provide us with your personal information (e.g. your name, e-mail address, business name, business address, phone numbers and/or other contact information), through a facility provided on this website or directly to us by e-mail, you consent to us:
(a) processing and administering your personal data to perform all necessary actions to give effect to your request or instruction; and
(b) retaining a record of incoming and outgoing communications (e.g. email).
Information in the contact form, Quote forms or email We receive and send will not be disclosed to any third party without the permission of the sender unless otherwise in accordance with the Data Protection legislation. Please note that by using this website you are giving us your consent to process your personal data as outlined in this Privacy Statement. We inform all persons who submit their personal data to us of these conditions by this Privacy Statement.
Security of data
We take seriously its security obligations in respect of your personal data under the Data Protection Acts to prevent unauthorised access to, or alteration or destruction of personal data in our possession.
Choice/opt-out
This site provides users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information. This site gives users the following option for removing their information from our database should they wish to not receive any future communications :
Write to the following email address :
info@azimuth.ie
After almost 20 years supporting various organisations around the globe from start-ups to multi-nationals, from Canada to Europe to Australia, we are now closing our doors to concentrate on a number of not-for-profit activities we have planned to engage in for many years – we thank you for your business and your support over the years. We have enjoyed working with all our clients and have made many life long friends along the way.For the Curious - What type of things are we up to now?
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Visit Trusted Society.com