http://www.o2productions.ca/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which laser path tech collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the http://www.o2productions.ca website.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
O2 Productions may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
O2 Productions has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please Contact Us.
Recent Posts
Why Should You Hire an Expert Housekeeping Service?
Advantages of Hiring a Professional Photographer for Your Small Business or Company
Polishing Steps for the Stainless Type of Steel
Planning an Event? Hire a Caterer!
Advantages of Massage Therapy
Search for:
Recent Comments
Music & Arts BlogpostsWhy Should You Hire an Expert Housekeeping Service?House cleaning is arguably one of the most hectic things to deal with for any property owner. When you can relate, the notion of scrubbing the floor, dusting, and vacuuming your home could provide you an overwhelming feeling. More so, working on such house chores on top of our regular work schedule could really be stressful. […]Advantages of Hiring a Professional Photographer for Your Small Business or CompanyBusinessmen are well-known for their DIY mindset however, when it comes to promoting their business, doing photography by yourself might not be the best option for them. Whether it is for your billboards, social media, printed materials or website, professional and appealing photography will definitely make your business more reputable.  During the start-up phase of your business, […]Polishing Steps for the Stainless Type of SteelIf you are thinking about the process of making the steel into a stainless one, then it would be very hard to imagine that the process is not so easy. Sometimes, it would take a lot of people and hard work for it to be made and the process of making it very smooth and […]Planning an Event? Hire a Caterer!Though a lot of excellent event venues have a banquet department or an executive chef on staff, almost every unique and beautiful venue around the world doesn’t provide catering services. Luckily, there are a lot of catering companies that happily offer their services.   Of course, just like any other things, it is useful to know […]Advantages of Massage TherapyA massage therapy is actually a treatment approach that is growing in popularity and demand. It was once known as a fringe or alternative approach but is now becoming a mainstream. Now that the massage therapy is considered as a mainstream treatment choice, a lot of insurance companies give coverage for treatment procedures. This type of therapy […]Safety Tips for Road TripsSafety is a very important thing to have as it’s a way of protecting ourselves from dangers and preventing accidents to happen to us and our family in our lives. Danger is everywhere and we need to protect ourselves, road accidents is currently one of the top causes of accidents and death, it’s really important […]Reasons Why You Should Consider Making Your Entire Electrical System Up to DateNowadays, people can’t live without electricity as it makes our lives much easier. As a matter of fact, most of the technology we have learned to love mostly run on electricity. From laptops to TVs to smartphones and now even cars. Electrical energy is one of those environmental friendly alternatives that we are slowly integrating […]The Advantages of Hiring Professional ArboristsIf you have a problem with your tree, don’t call your neighbor for help. You shouldn’t call a handyman either. The person that you need for the job is an arborist and that’s because such professional is the one who is formally trained to handle these kinds of tree problems. It’s true that trees are […]Fun Things you can Do by the PoolWhen you think of swimming pools you can think of all the nice things you can do by the water. That includes swimming and just lounging around the pool. However, if you are creative enough you might find yourself enjoying a number of fun activities you can do by the pool.    Of course you should […]4 Benefits of Using a Towing ServiceWhen we get into trouble in the middle of the road, a towing service doesn’t always come first in our minds. Out first impulse is to find what’s wrong and try to fix. But what if the issues can’t be fixed because you don’t have the tools to do so? That’s when you will call […] Archives
May 2020
November 2019
August 2019
April 2019
November 2018
August 2018
March 2018
February 2018
Categories
Catering Service
Electrician
Hotel Massage Orlando
Pool
Professional Arborists
Professional Photographer
Sandblasting
Towing Service
Tree Maintenance
Uncategorized
Windshield Repair
Designed by
Elegant Themes