http://www.walnutacres.com/privacy.php
Your privacy is important to us. To
protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online
information practices and the choices you can make about the way
information about you is collected and used. To make this notice
easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every
point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
This policy may be updated periodically and will be posted in advance
of any changes to our web site.
Types of Information We Collect
At our site, we collect both personally-identifiable information
and aggregate information. Personally-identifiable information relates
to an individual consumer - e.g., name, address, telephone number,
e-mail address, etc. We only collect personally-identifiable information
from individuals who provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly,
such as by requesting information, submitting a comment and requesting
follow-up contacts from us. We don't require you to register or
provide this information to us in order to view our site or have
access to its content.
Aggregate information relates to such things as how many consumers
visit the site, which pages they access, what information they download,
the type of web browser and operating system you use, the name of
your Internet Service Provider (e.g., America Online), and so on.
When you visit our site, this information is automatically collected,
and it is combined with similar information collected about all
other visitors. By collecting this information, we learn how might
change our website to our better accommodate the use by visitors.
How Information is Collected
As noted above, personally-identifiable information is collected
from you directly and with your knowledge. Thus, when you send us
an e-mail requesting information or submitting a comment, we retain
the information you provide. If you enter a promotion, we collect
the information needed for you to participate and for us to fulfill
our obligations to you. When you e-mail us, we collect the e-mail
address you supply, so that we can respond. We also collect aggregate,
non-personal information on an ongoing basis when you view our website.
The collection of this non-personal information is done either through
"cookie" technology or with "web beacons" (also called 'single-pixel
gifs'), as explained below.
Cookies
Like many companies, we use "cookie" technology on and off of our
website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers
to an individual's hard drive for purpose of keeping records. They
enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while
you are visiting a particular site. The cookies do not contain any
personally-identifiable information and cannot profile your system
or collect information from your hard drive.
When you view our website we may place a "cookie" on your computer.
Temporary cookies are used for purposes such as counting the number
of visits to our sites. These temporary cookies are eliminated when
you exit your browser. A permanent cookie may also be stored on
your computer by your browser. When you log in, this type of cookie
tells us whether you've visited us before or if you are a new visitor.
The cookie doesn't obtain any personal information about you or
provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn't extract
any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help
us identify site features and areas in which you have the greatest
interest, so that we can provide more of what you may want.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you
how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have
the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to
disable cookies altogether. We recommend you leave them turned on,
however, you can turn them off. Contests and Sweepstakes Our site
may at times include notices of promotions we are conducting, and
we may allow you to enter electronically in some cases. If that
occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose
of conducting the promotion (e.g., to contact you if you're a winner).
Within a reasonable time after the conclusion of the promotion,
the personal information will be deleted from our database, unless
you've agreed to permit us to keep it and use it to contact you
again.
Questionnaires and Surveys
We may occasionally ask visitors to complete surveys and opinion
polls about their attitudes and interests. Surveys help us to understand
your needs. If sample answers to surveys are posted on the website
site, no personally identifiable information will be included. If
you participate in one of our surveys, you can be assured that we
do not maintain any personal information about you in our databases
as a result of the survey.
How We Use Your Personal Information
If you specifically agreed to follow-up contacts by us, we may contact
you from time to time. For example, we may send you marketing or
promotion materials; we may respond to your comments or requests
for information; or we may contact you if needed in the course of
processing a product or service you requested through our website.
In the e-mail section of our site, we ask for some personally-identifiable
information, such as your name and phone number. We use this information
only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to
contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful. We don't use your e-mail
address for any purpose other than responding to the message you've
sent, unless you have explicitly given your permission for us to
do so.
Our primary goal in collecting any personal information is to give
you a meaningful and customized experience while you are using our
website.
Data Sharing and Transfer
We do not sell, transfer, or disclose the personally-identifiable
information we gather at our website to any third parties without
your prior consent. There is one exception to this rule: We will
disclose information to appropriate authorities or third parties
in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to
prevent a crime or an injury to ourselves or others.
There may be times when we share aggregate information about our
visitors (for example, the number of visitors to our site) with
business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in an effort
to customize or enhance the content for our users. We may also aggregate
data from web log files (such as your web browser, operating system,
pages visited, etc.) to understand how users navigate the site and
what features are most popular.
Links to Other Sites
Walnut Acres does its best to make sure that every link on our website
sends you to a helpful place on the Internet. However, websites
and addresses change quickly, and we cannot guarantee the content
of every site to which we provide a link. In addition, different
websites have different privacy policies. You should always check
the privacy policy of the specific site you're visiting to understand
your rights.
Important Note to Kids
Before providing your name, address, e-mail address, or any other
personal information to anyone on the Internet, be sure to ask your
parents if it's OK.
Children's Privacy Policy
Some portions of our website may be directed in whole or in part
to kids under 13. In these areas of our website, our conduct is
governed by federal law and regulations that address children's
online privacy, as well as by the guidelines of the Children's Advertising
Review Unit (CARU), a part of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
We do not directly collect personally identifiable information from
kids under 13 in any child-directed areas of our website, except
as permitted by federal regulations and CARU guidelines.
How To Contact Us
If you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please call us at 1-866-4 WALNUT (866-492-5688) or send
us an email.
enter zip code
What does 'certified organic' mean?
'Organic' refers to a method of agriculture and food production.Organic agriculture begins with certified organic land, on which proh...
where to buy | contact us | careers | FAQs | site
map | privacy policy
©2002-2014
The
Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
Walnut
Acres™ is a registered trademark of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
  