http://www.cresthealthcare.com/privacy-policy
Privacy policyPrivacy StatementCrest Electronics, Inc. d/b/a Crest Healthcare Supply (“Crest”) respects the privacy of users of the web site located at www.cresthealthcare.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Statement discloses how we collect and use information on the Site. Crest is committed to protecting your privacy and any information collected will be used to assist Crest in providing services to you and collection of anonymous statistical information. CONSENT By using the Site, or by providing the information requested in any portion of the Site, you consent to Crest’s use of the information. Crest reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Your use of the Site, or provision of requested information, following any such modification constitutes your consent to Crest’s use of the information as described in the modified Privacy Statement. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEPersonally Identifiable Information.  Certain portions of the Site allow users to contact Crest to purchase products, make online requests for information, provide feedback, or to submit comments regarding our products or the Site.  These portions of the site require the user to provide personally identifiable contact information.  Crest uses the information you provide for the purposes stated at the point of collection.  For example, Crest may use a user’s credit card information to process a payment for a product, or may use a user’s email address to respond to a user’s inquiry.  Non-Personally Identifiable Information.  Crest collects non-personally identifiable information regarding Site use.  Crest uses this information in the aggregate in its ongoing effort to optimize the Site and to better serve our customers.  Crest may use information that is typically not personally identifiable to identify an individual user when Crest believe it is necessary to protect the Site, our customers or others, or in response to the request of law enforcement officials. Sale or Transfer of Information.  Crest does not generally sell or rent personally identifiable user information collected about or from our users.  In the event that Crest sells or acquires business assets or concerns, in whole or in part, Crest may transfer user information in conjunction with such sale or acquisition.  Crest may share non-personally identifiable, aggregate information about our users with business partners and other third parties.  Crest may share personally identifiable or financial information with third parties in connection with the processing of transactions via the Site.  UPDATES AND CORRECTIONYou may access the data collected by Crest about you by sending a request to the address listed below. If you believe that an error has been made in the accuracy of the data collected from you, Crest will correct such error upon reasonable verification of the error and the identity of the person seeking the correction.If you wish to access, remove or correct any personally identifying data you have supplied to Crest you may do so either by:sending an email to: customerservice@cresthealthcare.comcalling 800-328-8908faxing 800-369-9207sending a letter via US Mail to: Crest Healthcare Supply, PO Box 727, Dassel, MN 55325-0727SECURITYThe “shopping cart” feature of the Site uses secure socket layer (“SSL”) security technology.  No technology, however, can guarantee that information you transmit will be 100% safe from interception or misappropriation.  Therefore, Crest does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or we collect as a result of your use of the “shopping cart” feature of the Site.  You agree that any data transmission you make or receive through the Site is at your own risk. Portions of the Site other than the “shopping cart” feature do not employ security technology.If you set up a user name and password, we recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.  You agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password. Children and Privacy.  The Site is not intended for use by children.  Crest encourages parents and guardians to be familiar with the web sites that their children visit.  The Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) regulates the means by which web site operators collect and use personal information from children under 13, pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (the “Act”).  For more information about the Act and children’s on-line privacy in general, visit the FTC’s web site at http://www.ftc.gov.  Links to Other Sites.  The Site may contain links to other web sites.   Each of these linked web sites maintains its own independent privacy policies.  Crest does not control and is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those web sites.  When you leave the Site and access the web sites of third parties, the privacy policies of the parties maintaining those web sites apply. Disclaimer of Liability.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CREST BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS POSTED TO OR COLLECTED AS A RESULT OF THE USER’S ACCESSING THE SITE, EVEN IF CREST HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  This and the other sections in this Privacy Statement should be read in conjunction with and are subject to the Terms of Use.CONTACT USShould you have any concerns or questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact Crest at the address provided above. Last Revised: 11/5/2018
Loading