https://www.capitalone.com/learn-grow/privacy-security/capital-one-credit-card-security-features/?external_id=COF01_HUB_HPBANNER_D99
Learn & GrowLife EventsMoney ManagementMore Than MoneyPrivacy & SecurityBusiness ResourcesLearn & Grow Sections Life EventsMoney ManagementMore Than MoneyPrivacy & SecurityBusiness Resourcesprivacy & securityJune 18, 2020 |6 min read Capital One Credit Card Security Features Learn about the account features helping you protect yourself from fraud, so you can shop with more confidenceJune 18, 2020 |6 min readScammers are increasingly hard at work during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Federal Trade Commission has warned consumers about phishing and other coronavirus-related scams. But Capital One® credit cards have a number of security features that can help you protect yourself from fraud.
No matter what’s happening in the world or how busy you get, many of the tools you need to stay on top of your account are at your fingertips. And you can access and enable features by adding the Capital One Mobile app to your phone or by signing in to your account online.
Here are some of the fraud protection features and benefits available: Fraud Alerts
With just a few steps, you can help stop fraudulent activity in its tracks. Add your mobile phone number to your account to automatically get alerts when there’s suspicious activity on your account. Capital One will text you from the same number every time so you’ll know it’s not a fraudster.
If it turns out a suspicious charge wasn’t something you authorized, Capital One has you covered. You’ll receive a text asking if you approved the charge. If you respond “no,” Capital One will place a block on your card so no further charges can be made. After that, you can get help requesting a replacement card with a new number.  Instant Purchase Notifications
Keep track of your spending in real time. Instant purchase notifications are sent by the Capital One Mobile app any time a transaction is approved on your card. You can enable notifications that include the amount of the purchase and information about the merchant.
It’s an extra layer of confidence, so you’re in the know when purchases hit your account. Plus, you can set up alerts to notify you about your balance and recurring payments. Card Lock
It’s incredibly frustrating to lose or misplace a credit card—much less have it stolen. The good news is you can instantly lock your credit card to prevent it from being used for purchases.* And if you find it, you can unlock it just as easily to use your card like normal again.
Wondering how to lock your Capital One credit card? The card lock feature is simple to use and takes just a few taps on the Capital One Mobile app.  Paperless Statements
Receive your monthly statements online to avoid having them get lost in or stolen from the mail. And save some paper while doing it! Eno®, Your Capital One Assistant
Eno looks out for you and your money around the clock, reaches out if it spots something unusual, and helps you fix it. That includes helping to protect your account by monitoring your transactions and alerting you about suspicious charges. And Eno is available everywhere you are—through texts, email alerts, mobile app alerts and online.
Virtual Card Numbers
Want to keep your credit card account private when shopping online from your desktop browser? Eno allows you to keep your actual card number under wraps and pay with a virtual card number instead. It’s a simple and more secure way to purchase online items. And it’s easy to get started. Here’s how:
Add Eno to your browser.
Click the Eno icon when you’re ready to pay and Eno will generate a merchant-specific virtual card number for that site. No need to reach for your wallet!
Lock or unlock your virtual card numbers anytime without affecting your other spending.
And virtual card numbers keep working even if you get a replacement card. So there’s no need to manually update your card information on sites where you’ve stored a virtual card number. Eno will handle it behind the scenes automatically.
Account Alerts
When you’re enrolled with your Capital One account, Eno also automatically sends you helpful notifications about unusual account activity. For example, if you accidentally click “purchase now” more than once when shopping online, you might wind up getting charged twice. Eno will notify you about that duplicate charge.
Or if a recurring charge, such as a monthly cable or cellphone bill, is notably higher than usual, Eno will let you know about the change.
No matter what Capital One card you have, there are security features to help you protect yourself from fraud. Learn more about how to help protect yourself against credit card fraud. *Some activity may continue, including returns, credits, payments, interest, dispute adjustments, other account fees, purchase transactions during system downtime and certain other exempted transactions.
Email alerts, app alerts, and virtual card numbers are not available for retail partner credit cards and may not be available for all Capital One co-brand partner credit cards. Learn more about Capital One’s response to COVID-19 and resources available to customers. For information about COVID-19, head over to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Government and private relief efforts vary by location and may have changed since this article was published. Consult a financial adviser or the relevant government agencies and private lenders for the most current information. We hope you found this helpful. Our content is not intended to provide legal, investment or financial advice or to indicate that a particular Capital One product or service is available or right for you. For specific advice about your unique circumstances, consider talking with a qualified professional. COVID-19 Customer Assistance Read about Capital One's response to COVID-19 and resources available to customers.Learn MoreJune 18, 2020 |6 min readRelated ContentPrivacy & Security7 Common COVID-19 Scamsarticle |June 15, 2020 | 12 min readPrivacy & SecurityWays to Avoid Scams in 2020article |June 11, 2020 | 7 min readPrivacy & SecurityHow to Avoid Phishingarticle |July 14, 2020 | 9 min read