http://www.hpva.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Teaser Text
Privacy Policy
Teaser Image
Privacy, Security, Return, and Shipping Policies
1. Consumer Data Privacy Policy
The Decorative Hardwoods Association (formerly HPVA) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our visitor’s privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Information collected is never sold, rented, loaned, or the like to any third party for any reason
Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Our site uses cookies to track your shopping cart.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor’s contact information including e-mail addresses and financial information (like their credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to customers. The customer’s contact information is used for communicating with our customers on order related issues. Occasionally we may send mailings through the U.S. Postal Service to the address a customer provides. If you wish not to receive these mailings, please notify us by mail at: 42777 Trade West Drive Sterling, VA 20166
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the purchaser for products or services.
All information submitted is considered confidential in nature and will not be disclosed to anyone except under a subpoena in a court of law.
2. Security Method of Transmission
We use state-of-the-art technology to encrypt your financial information before it is sent. This sophisticated system scrambles your financial date as it travels from your computer to our website; making is useless to anyone but DHA.
3. Return Policy
Customer may return items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. DHA will pay return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (received incorrect or defective item). Items may be returned to:
DHA
42777 Trade West Drive
Sterling, VA 20166
P: (703) 435-2900
F: (703) 435-2537
4. Shipping Policy
We ship via USPS or UPS. Orders of $20 or less will cost $7.50 to ship; $21-$50 will cost $10.00 to ship; $51-$100 will cost $20 to ship; and orders of over $100 will cost $25 to ship. We charge extra for overseas shipping and special delivery. We will advise the customer with regards to these exact costs before we ship the order.