https://www.lg.com/us/support/help-library/lg-pc-suite-download-how-to-use-CT10000026-20150108669720
To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
LG.com utilizes responsive design to provide a convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience from our website, please follow below instructions.If you're using Internet Explorer 9 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
Skip to Contents
Skip to Accessibility Help
HOME
SUPPORT
Help Library
Help library
Find helpful information about your LG product
LG PC SUITE - Download & How to Use
Operation
Cell Phones, Mobile Accessories, Smart Watches, Tablets
10/12/2020
Print
Email
Copy Link
Share
LG PC Suite
LG PC Suite brings all your LG devices (phones and tablets) together. You can manage, update, and back up your devices all in one place. Use LG PC Suite to:
Send multimedia content to your device.
Update the software in your device.
Play multimedia content of your PC from other device.
Note: Features may differ depending on connected mobile device.
If you have an newer device you may need to use LG Bridge, click here for more information.
Installation
Change Language
SmartShare
Transfer Content
Restore
Software Update
To download LG PC Suite, choose your operating system:
Windows
Mac
How to Install
To start the set up, click Next.
Select your country and click Next.
Read the license agreement and click Agree.
Select the location of where to save the program and click Install
Wait for the progress to complete and click Next.
If you wish to open the LG PC Suite, place a check mark next to the option and click finish to close the install.
Back
Next
Home
Note: If the language displayed from the installation is incorrect, click Tools > Settings, select the correct language from the drop down. (language will be in the same location no matter what language PC Suite is set to.)
With LG PC Suite, you can use SmartShare to share PC content with your mobile device.
From LG PC Suite, select SmartShare.
Toggle SmartShare to ON to activate the server.
Select Settings
for Music, Videos, or Photos to set content share options if you want to share All or selected content.
Select the Apply button to start the sharing process.
From your mobile device, open Settings > Network tab > Share & connect (SmartShare )
Wireless storage will allow you to connect to the content on your PC.
Note: Your computer and mobile device must be on the same Wi-Fi network.
Back
Next
Home
With your device connected, select Music, Videos, or Photos in the left of your PC library.
Select Add file to PC library to add pictures to your PC.
Locate your pictures and select open.
To transfer from the PC to the phone, Checkmark
file(s) to transfer.
Click the right mouse button and select Transfer to Device
Note: Some content may contain copy right protection and will not work on your mobile device.
Back
Next
Home
Connect your cell phone to your computer with the USB cable.
On the menu on the top, select Mobile Device > Restore upgrade errors
Allow the unit to establish a connection.
Read the note, check mark the "read" option and click Continue.
Enter your phones model number and serial number or enter the models IMEI / MEID / ESN.
Note: You can find this information on:
1) The Receipt
2) The Box
3) On the phone go to menu > setting > about phone > status.
4) If your phone has a removable back cover, take the battery out, on the white label.
Select the operating system version of the device, check the "read" box, and click Restore upgrade errors.
Back
Next
Home
LG PC Suite can update your mobile devices software over a USB connection if a software update is available.
Note: Not all mobile devices are supported by Software Update, please check with your carrier or LG.com/support for available software updates.
Connect your cell phone to your computer with the USB cable.
On your phone, drag the notification panel down and select USB
.
Select LG software or if not available, select Media Sync (MTP).
On LG PC Suite, click Connect
Click Try Connecting.
On the menu on the top, select Mobile Device > Mobile device software upgrade
If a software update is available, select Start to update your mobile device.
Back
Next
Home
Yianni is a mobile communications expert and author of this help library article. Please leave him feedback below about the page.
Print
Email
Copy Link
Share
*Required question
Content Feedback
Content Feedback
1. Was this information helpful?*Required question
Please fill out the required field.
1-1. How can we improve the information?*Required question
Please fill out the required field.
2. How would you improve the information?
Characters left : 140 / 140
Submit
Thank you for your feedback!
Submission form temporarily unavailable
to
(GMT -05:00, United States of America local time)
We apologize for this inconvenience.
OK
Submit failed due to system error.Please try again.
Close
RETURN TO RESULTS
is copied.
Select Ctrl+V to paste
Close
Transfer complete.Thank your for your feedback.
Close
Related Help Library
See more
See more
Ask the Community
If this article didn’t solve your issue,try to ask the community
Go To Community
Register a Product
Get the most out of your LG product by registering!
Register Now
Parts & Accessories
Find genuine Parts andAccessories for your LG products
Shop Now
Contact LG US
Get your questions answered about product setup, use and care, repair and maintenance issues. We can help.
Ask the Community
Twitter
Facebook
LG Chatbot
Email
Telephone
Your Voice to The President
LG Chatbot
Contact Us
Feedback
Recently Viewed
There is no
recent product.
Top
Because life waits for no one, at LG USA we create consumer electronics, appliances and mobile devices that are designed to help you connect with those who matter most. Whether that means cooking a nutritious, delicious meal for your family, staying connected on-the-go, sharing your favorite photos, watching a movie with your kids or creating a clean, comfortable place to celebrate the moments that matter, we'll be there for you every step of the way.Designed with you in mind, LG products offer innovative solutions to make life good. With intuitive, responsive controls, sleek, stylish designs, and eco-friendly features, our collection gives you the power to do more at home and on the go. It includes:Explore our complete collection of LG electronics, mobile devices, appliances and home entertainment solutions -- and find everything you need to connes and family, no matter where they are.ct with your friend
Copyright © 2009-2020 LG Electronics. All Rights Reserved
LG Jeong-Do Management Ethics Hotline