https://www.straubmetal409.com/privacy-policy/
THE 409 PEOPLEView Steel Types
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for straubmetal409.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this personally identifying information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to fulfill an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We do not store any personally identifying information online. Any information you transmit to us through any contact forms or email is protected offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use browser “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Please note, while our site does not require any log-in to view it, browser cookies may still be created for non-personally-identifying visit information. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (Google Analytics). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. We utilize Google Adwords’ remarketing to advertise online and, as a result, cookies may be used to serve ads based on past visits to our website.
Visitors can opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings page. Alternately, you may opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers (Google Analytics). This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person or corporation.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (888)-478-7282.
Have product questions or need a quote?
Please use the form below
Message
Code:
Leave this field empty
Company Documents:
ISO Certification