http://www.wellsfargo.com/privacy-security/privacy/online/
Skip to content
Banking and Credit Cards
Loans and Credit
Investing and Retirement
Wealth Management
Rewards and Benefits
Banking
Accounts and Services
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services
Online Banking
Transfer and Pay
Mobile Features
Control Tower®
ATM Banking
Your Financial Goals
Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Planning for Retirement
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service
Loans and Credit
Accounts and Services
Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards
Your Financial Goals
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts
Investing and Retirement
Our Investing Services
Overview
Self-Directed Investing
Automated Investing
Dedicated Financial Advisor
Compare Ways to Invest
Investing Solutions
IRAs
Invest in Mutual Funds
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education
Your Financial Goals
Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics
Popular Links
Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Open an Intuitive Investor® Account
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On
Wealth Management
Wealth Services
The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services
Wealth Solutions
Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment and Asset Management
Fiduciary and Trust Services
Wealth Advice & Guidance
Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations
Magazine
Next Step
Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing
Rewards and Benefits
Go Far® Rewards
Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards
Relationship Program
Customer Relationship Overview
Your Financial Goals
Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards
Navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. Seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español.
Página principal
Comienzo de ventana emergente
Esta página solo está disponible en inglés
Selecione Cancele para permanecer en esta página o Continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español.
Cancele Continúe
Fin de ventana emergente
PersonalPrivacy, Security, and LegalPrivacy Policies and NoticesWells Fargo Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy
Wells Fargo Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy
Print
Date of most recent update: January 1, 2020
Introduction and scope of policy
This Wells Fargo Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy (“Policy”) applies to your interaction with Wells Fargo & Company or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, “Wells Fargo,” “we,” “us,” “our”), at any online or mobile site or application that we own and control (“Site”), unless a different online and/or mobile or other privacy policy is posted at a particular site, or is made available to you and by its terms supplants this Policy. Other privacy policies may also apply in addition to the terms of this Policy.
Additional privacy policies and notices
Certain additional Wells Fargo privacy-related policies and notices that may apply are posted on the Privacy Policy Index. These notices include the Wells Fargo California Consumer Privacy Act Notice ("CCPA Notice"), available at www.wellsfargo.com/privacy-security/privacy/california-consumer-privacy-notice. The CCPA Notice explains how we collect, use, and disclose personal information about California residents and how California residents can exercise rights under the CCPA.
The additional policies and notices also include the Wells Fargo U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, which applies to U.S. customers and consumers as described in that notice and various international privacy policies, which apply to information collected by us outside of the U.S. as described in those policies. You may also receive an additional privacy notice in connection with your use of a particular product or relationship with a specific business. For example, Trust or fiduciary accounts for which Wells Fargo is the trustee or service provider, including employer-sponsored retirement accounts, are protected under special rules of confidentiality. Information on these accounts is not shared for marketing purposes without specific consent. This Policy also explains certain data use and data protection functionalities and practices of our online ads, such as banner ads, on third party sites. Please note that where we have another type of presence on a site owned by a third party, such as a page or handle on a social media site, that third party’s privacy policy and terms of use, rather than this Policy, will govern, unless specifically stated otherwise.
Agreement to policy
By using a Site or interacting with a Wells Fargo advertisement or page or account on a third party site, you consent to this Policy, including your consent to our use and disclosure of information about you in the manner described in this Policy.
Gathering, using, and sharing information
Types of information | About “cookies” and Ad Choices on third party sites | Do you have to accept cookies? | Additional cookies | Additional technologies | Using information | Sharing
Types of information
You may interact with us in a variety of ways online, including through a mobile device. We may offer sites or applications that permit browsing and do not require registration. We may also offer the ability to enroll, register or access your accounts online. Information that we may collect about you through online interaction includes information that you input, such as your name, address, email address, other contact information; data resulting from your activity, such as transaction information; location information; and biometric information, such as voiceprint, for example, if you choose to enroll in verification by voiceprint. We may also gather additional information, such as the type of device and browser you are using, the IP address of your device, information about your device’s operating system, and additional information associated with your device. We may also gather information collected through cookies, tags, and other technologies, as described further below.
About “cookies” and Ad Choices on third party sites
Cookies are pieces of data stored on your device. Browser cookies are assigned by a web server to the browser on your device. When you return to a site you have visited before, your browser gives this data back to the server. Mobile applications may also use cookies.
We use cookies and information gathered through their use to make your experience with Wells Fargo and certain other sites richer and more personalized based on the products, services, or other interaction you have with us and other sites. Information gathered through use of cookies may be used to make offers to you via online ads, email, U.S. mail, or telephone, subject to the privacy preferences you have on file with Wells Fargo. (Privacy preferences for employer-sponsored retirement accounts default to no marketing, solicitation or sharing for marketing purposes without specific consent.) We also use cookies, sometimes in conjunction with service providers, in online advertising either on our own Site or on third party sites to help determine which of our advertisements are most likely to appeal to you. We respect consumers’ ability to exercise choice in receiving these types of ads on third party sites. We honor your choice as follows: For this type of advertising placed on third party sites, we participate in the program utilizing the Advertising Options Icon. If you receive an ad delivered on a third party site in part based on information gathered through the use of cookies, you may opt out of receiving such ads by clicking the displayed icon and following the instructions or by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. This opt-out works via cookies set on a particular browser, so if you delete cookies from a web browser, you will need to opt out again on that web browser.
If you use multiple browsers or devices, information that we collect about you from one particular browser or device may be used to provide advertising or collect information on another browser or device. Information may also be transferred to a third party for advertising or information collection on behalf of Wells Fargo. Please note that your choice to opt out on a particular browser or device will apply only to the collection and use of information from that particular browser or device. Opting out on a particular device will not opt you out of information collection on other devices, nor will it limit cross device sharing on those other devices. If you use different browsers on a device or multiple devices, for each browser and device you wish to opt out, please opt out each device and browser separate at http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Industry standards are currently evolving and we may not separately respond to or take any action with respect to a “do not track” configuration set in your internet browser.
Other parties that may collect information about your web browsing behavior when you use our Site are generally limited to service providers who may only use any information collected to provide services and marketing for us and not to provide services or advertising for any other party. Note, however, that we also provide certain widgets or tools on our sites that allow you to interact with third parties who provide these features, such as tools that allow web surfers to easily share information on another platform, such as a social media platform. At other times, information from a third party may be embedded on our Site, such as a map. These widgets, tools, and informational items often function through the use of third party cookies utilized by the third party site, such as the social media platform. As a result, these third parties may have access to information about your web browsing on the pages of our Site where these widgets, tools, or information are placed. You may wish to review information at third party sites, such as social media platforms where you have an account, to determine how these third parties treat data that they obtain through the use of cookies.
We also use cookies for purposes such as maintaining continuity during an online session; gathering data about the use of our Site; monitoring online promotions; and anti-fraud and information security purposes.
Do you have to accept cookies?
You may be able to set your browser to reject browser cookies. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you cannot access your accounts online with Wells Fargo. Therefore, if you set your browser options to disallow cookies, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Site. The latest versions of internet browsers provide cookie management tools, such as the ability to delete or reject cookies. We recommend that you refer to information supplied by browser providers for more specific information, including how to use these tools.
Additional cookies
Cookies is a term also used to describe other locally stored objects, such as cookies stored in an Adobe folder on your device. These cookies will not be deleted when you clear cookies from your browser. We may use this technology for purposes such as information security and fraud prevention. We do not use this technology for online behavioral advertising purposes. Please refer to information provided by Adobe for information on how to disable and control Flash objects. If you choose those options, you may limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Site.
Additional technologies
We may also use additional technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIFs, and may permit our third party service providers to use these technologies. We use these technologies for purposes such as measuring the effectiveness of our advertisements or other communications, determining viewing and response rates, and determining which offers to present to you on our own or on third party sites.
Using information
In addition to the uses described above, we use information for purposes as allowed by law such as: servicing; communicating with you; improving our Site, products, or services; legal compliance; risk control; information security; anti-fraud purposes; marketing or personalizing the presentation of our products and services to you; tracking website usage, such as number of hits, pages visited, and the length of user sessions in order to evaluate the usefulness of our sites; and using read-receipt notifications in our email communications.
Sharing
We may share information with service providers with whom we work, such as data processors and companies that help us market products and services to you. When permitted or required by law, we may share information with additional third parties for purposes including response to legal process. As applicable, please see the additional privacy policies referenced above, such as the Wells Fargo U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, for more information on how we may share information with affiliates and third parties.
Children’s privacy
Our Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13, and they do not knowingly collect personal information from such children.
Policy updates and effective date
If we make updates to this Policy, we will update the Policy with the changes and revise the “date of most recent update” posted at the top of this Policy. Any updates to the Policy become effective when we post the updates on the Site. Your use of the Site following the update to the Policy means that you accept the updated Policy.
LRC-1119