https://www.valueforum.com/privacy/
Log on |
Join ($$)
VF "How To" Guide
Welcome, guest!
Learn about guest access
The Coffee Shop
BDC Investor
Canada Stock Channel
CEF Channel
ChartZero
Contrarian Outlook
Dividend Channel
Energy Stock Channel
ETF Channel
Holdings Channel
Market News Video
Metals Channel
Portfolio Channel
Preferred Stock Channel
Stock Options Channel
The Online Investor
Privacy Policy
Canadian Residents Also See Canadian Privacy Policy
The following policy outlines the types of information that we gather about you and the way that way we use and don't
use this information.
The information that we collect about our visitors falls into three general categories:
1. Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you voluntarily
supply to us either on the ValueForum.com site, via e-mail, or in any other way. Some examples of this type of
information include the information you submit (such as your name or e-mail address) when you register as a member,
information that you post on message boards, and information collected in surveys.
If you decline to supply or provide
us with certain information, we may not be able to provide you with some services that are dependent on the collection of
this information.
2. Information that is Automatically Collected.
We also collect and store information that is generated automatically
as you navigate through the ValueForum.com site. For example, to enhance your experience at ValueForum.com, we use
a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie." Cookies are files that your web browser place on
your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies prevent you from having to re-enter information on certain
areas of our site where you have entered that information before. Another example of information that we automatically
collect as you navigate our site is information about your computer's connection to the Internet. This information
allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on our site.
3. Information from Other Sources.
ValueForum.com may also obtain information about you from third parties or other
sources and may combine the information that we receive from them with information we have already obtained about you.
How is the Information Used?
ValueForum.com uses the information it collects in a variety of ways, including, using the information to customize
features that appear on the ValueForum.com site. In addition, we may also provide third parties with
information about our visitors for a variety of reasons and purposes. For example, we may provide advertisers with
information about our visitors that will better target ads to specific types of visitors.
We reserve the right to use and to disclose to third parties all of the information that we collect about
you and our other visitors in any way and for any purpose, with one important exception. We will not use the
information that we collect, nor will we authorize third parties to use the information that we collect, to mail or
e-mail promotional offers directly to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive
said promotional offers.
One example of this is our recent BankInvestor.com member survey, which asks whether
you would like us to contact you regarding a fund that invests in banks.
We only make contact with you if you
specifically indicate that you would like us to do so.
Please also keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online -- for example on
our discussion forum -- that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides ValueForum.com.
ValueForum.com is an internet site accessable by the public, and we cannot be responsible for any unauthorized
third party use of information that you choose to disclose in your own posts.
Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event that
ValueForum.com is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be
among the transferred assets.
Disclaimer — Last Updated 2/28/2014
You will find the following dislaimer in the footer of every page on ValueForum.com:
Nothing in ValueForum.com is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel from, or
recommendations by ValueForum.com. ©2003-2020 info@valueforum.com
By visiting, using or viewing this site, or any components, including but not limited to video, whether hosted on this site or
appearing on other partner and/or related or affiliate sites, you agree to the following Terms Of Service:This web site, its components and the services therein (collectively the "The Site") may be updated at any time without prior
notice.These Terms of Service may be altered at any time without notice to the user(s). Changes to the Terms of Service will be made
applicable one (1) day after changes are made. It is the user's responsibility to check back to the Terms of Service to keep
informed about changes in policy.The Site is provided on an as-is basis; BNK Invest, Inc. ("BNK") accepts no liability for the loss of any information or for
the failure or partial failure of any component, feature, video or service to operate properly.BNK reserves the right to remove any content, component, feature, video or service at any time and to terminate any user
account and/or refuse service to any user determined by BNK to have violated this agreement or any applicable law.You, as the user takes responsibility for purchasing, or acquiring and utilizing any necessary equipment and services used in
visiting this site, including paying for all associated costs.BNK and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, suppliers, advertisers, and agents disclaim all express, implied or
statutory warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with regards to any
information or service provided.Your business with, purchasing of products from, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through The Site,
and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such business, are solely between you and the
advertiser. Furthermore, you agree that BNK shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as
the result of any such business or as the result of the existence of such advertisers and/or advertisements on The Site.You agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and, to the extent applicable, laws relating to the
transmission of securities-related data.All content posted on The Site by a third party is the responsibility of that third party and is not of BNK. BNK is the
distributor of this third party content and assumes no responsibility for content nor makes any claim as to the accuracy or
validity of the third party content, including but not limited to video, or services made available within The Site.Employees, officers, family, associates, corporations, companies and entities related to BNK and its publishers may have
positions or business interests in securities, ETFs or commodities covered.The sole and exclusive maximum liability of BNK for any damages or losses shall be the amount paid to BNK directly by the
user, if any, for access to the The Site.Any ideas and opinions presented on The Site are for informational and educational purposes only, and do not reflect the
opinions of BNK Invest, Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.In no way should any content contained herein be interpreted to represent trading or investment advice. None of the
information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio, transaction, or investment
strategy is suitable for any specific person. BNK Invest, Inc. is not registered as an investment adviser or broker-dealer
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any state regulating agency. Rather, BNK Invest relies upon the
"publisher's exclusion" from the definition of investment adviser as set forth in Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and corresponding state securities laws. As such, BNK Invest does not offer or provide
personalized investment advice.All users, visitors, and viewers agree that under no circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners,
officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information
obtained.BNK may provide services, content, data and other information from third party providers, or affiliates and/or links to third
party content, whose terms of service may regulate the use of the content.When content from this site, including but not limited to video, appears on the site of a third party partner, affiliate or
any other third party site these Terms of Service will control with respect to such content.The Site is for use at your own and solely your own risk. The Site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. BNK
expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether implied or express, including, but not limited to the implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.BNK makes no warranty that (a) The Site will meet your requirements, (b) The Site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or
error-free, (c) The Site will be accurate or reliable, (d) the quality of any information, services, or anything otherwised
obtained, downloaded, viewed, or used by you through The Site will meet your expectations, and (e) any errors or bugs in The
site will be corrected.Proprietary ranking formulas, including ranks by yield, by average broker recommendation (Zacks ABR data powered by Xignite),
by percentage of shares short (short interest data from ShortSqueeze.com), etc., do not rank all ETFs, nor all underlying
holdings of ETFs, and may not be based on complete, timely, or accurate data. Yield calculations vary and may not be reliable
nor comparable; yield may be expressed as SEC 30-day yield, annualized yield based on most recent distribution, trailing
twelve month yield, or reported yield. Rankings are for informational purposes only and do not constitute investment advice.DIGITAL MILLENNIUMAs per the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, BNK Invest, Inc. will reply to claims of copyright infringement
committed. If you own a copyright, report your notice of infringement by emailing BNK Invest Inc. at info@bnkinvest.com.Include the details below:A) an electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual
property interestB) description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringedC) a description and link of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the siteD) your address, telephone number, fax number and email addressE) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the lawF) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are
the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.BNK Invest, Inc. forbids copying, distribution, modification, public display, or any other use of copyrighted works that
causes an infringement of the copyright holder's rights. As a condition to your use of the site, you agree that you will not
use the website to infringe the intellectual property rights of others.Important Investment DisclaimerThe analysis and information on the site is for informational purposes only. No part of the material presented on any other
BNK Invest-owned web site is intended as an investment recommendation or investment advice. Neither the information nor any
opinions expressed constitute a solicitation to purchase or sell securities or any investment program. Opinions and forecasts
expressed may not actually come to pass. The opinions and viewpoints regarding the future of the markets should not be
construed as recommendations of any specific security nor specific investment advice. Investors should always consult an
investment professional before making any investment.Any investment decisions must in all cases be made by the reader or by his or her investment adviser. Do NOT ever purchase any
security without doing sufficient research. There is no guarantee that the investment objectives outlined will actually come
to pass. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. Neither the editor, employees, nor any of their
affiliates shall have any liability for any loss sustained by anyone who has relied on the information provided.The analysis provided is based on both technical and fundamental research and is provided “as is” without warranty of any
kind, either expressed or implied. Although the information contained is derived from sources which are believed to be
reliable, they cannot be guaranteed.By accepting emails, including various paid subscriptions and free email reports and newsletters, you agree to the terms of
the Disclaimer as such may be amended from time to time.You understand that performance data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made
using such data, and that such calculations are not guaranteed by these sources, the information providers, or any other
person or entity, and may not be complete.From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These
references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current.
As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.When U.S. exchanges are open, stock quotes shown on the Site are delayed by at least 15 minutes. When U.S. exchanges are not
open, quotes are only current as of the close of the last day of trading. Before selling or buying any stock or other
investment, you should consult with a qualified broker or other financial professional to verify pricing information.You may not republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute content from the Site to online bulletin boards, message boards,
newsgroups, chat rooms, or in other any manner, without our prior written permission. Modification of the content or use of
the content for any purpose other than your own personal, noncommercial use is a violation of our copyright and other
proprietary rights, and can subject you to legal liability.U.S. Government Required Disclaimer — Commodity Futures Trading Commission.Futures and options trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and be
willing to accept them in order to invest in the futures and options markets. Don't trade with money you can't afford to lose.
No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on
this website. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.CFTC RULE 4.41 — HYPOTHETICAL OR SIMULATED PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. UNLIKE AN ACTUAL PERFORMANCE RECORD,
SIMULATED RESULTS DO NOT REPRESENT ACTUAL TRADING. ALSO, SINCE THE TRADES HAVE NOT BEEN EXECUTED, THE RESULTS MAY HAVE
UNDER-OR-OVER COMPENSATED FOR THE IMPACT, IF ANY, OF CERTAIN MARKET FACTORS, SUCH AS LACK OF LIQUIDITY. SIMULATED TRADING
PROGRAMS IN GENERAL ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DESIGNED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. NO REPRESENTATION IS
BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFIT OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWNOptions involve risk. Prior to buying or selling an option, an investor must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of
Standardized Options. Investors need a broker to trade options, and must meet suitability requirements.ConductIn connection with your use of the Site, you agree not to:* Restrict or inhibit any other visitor from using the Site, including, without limitation, by means of "hacking" or defacing
any portion of the Site;* Use the Site for any unlawful purpose;* Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us, without our prior written consent;* Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site;* "Frame" or "mirror" any part of the Site without our prior written authorization;* Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to download,
retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or
its contents;* Harvest or collect information about visitors to the Site without their express consent.You also agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with your use of the Site and the
content made available therein.Links to Other Web SitesYour use of certain services on the Site may be governed by additional rules, which are available on the Site or by hyperlink
from other sites, in connection with the service. By using any service you are acknowledging that you have reviewed all
corresponding rules and agree to be bound by them. Some of the services may have been provided by third parties for your use.
In the event that any service or tool is provided by a third party, such service or tool may become unavailable in the event
that the agreement between us and the third party is terminated. You expressly acknowledge and agree that your use of all
services and tools is solely at your risk. The Site may contain links to other Internet web sites or resources. We neither
control nor endorse such other web sites, nor have we reviewed or approved any content that appears on such other web sites.
You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be held responsible for the legality, accuracy, or inappropriate nature of any
content, advertising, products, services, or information located on or through any other websites, nor for any loss or damages
caused or alleged to have been caused by the use of or reliance on any such content.A possibility exists that the Site could include inaccuracies or errors, or materials that violate this terms of use
agreement. Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized alterations could be made to the Site by third parties.
Although we attempt to ensure the integrity of our web sites and other products and services, we make no guarantees as to the
completeness or correctness of any content on the Site.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, our officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and
against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees), or other expenses that arise
directly or indirectly out of or from (a) your violation of the TOU; (b) your use of the Site; or (c) your violation of the
rights of any third party.Any use of The Site is done at your own risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or
loss of data that results from the use of any such material.No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from BNK or from The Site shall create or imply any
warranty not expressly stated in these Terms Of Service.It is possible that certain visitors may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or backgrounds
on a computer screen or while using The Site. Certain conditions may induce previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in
users who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy. If you, or anyone in your family, have an epileptic condition,
consult your physician prior to using the service. Immediately discontinue use of the service and consult your physician if
you experience any of the following symptoms while using the service: dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss
of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions.You expressly understand and agree that BNK shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, good will, information or
other intangible losses (even if BNK has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (a) the use or the
inability to use The Site; (b) unauthorized access to your data; or (c) statements or conduct of any third party on The Site.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO TERMINATE USE OF THE SITE. THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY
TO BNK INVEST, RIDGE, BOTH COMPANY'S OFFICERS, AND EMPLOYEES FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE) SHALL BE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO US BY YOU, IF ANY,
FOR ACCESS TO THE SITE.TaxesIf you are a New York State resident, we must charge sales tax. You agree to pay all applicable taxes.
These Terms of Service and the relationship between you and BNK shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without
regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and BNK agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
located within Nassau County, NY.Failure of BNK to enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision. In the case that any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be invalid, the parties agree to give effect
to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Service remains in full
force and effect.The Site and its contents are the property of BNK. The Site is provided for non-commercial use only. The Site and all of the
contents are protected under United States and International copyright laws. You agree not to copy, reproduce, record, video,
photograph, upload, post, transmit, publish or distribute any material in any form other than for personal use, without the
express written permission of BNK.BNK may alter or discontinue all, any or portions of The Site immediately, in its sole discretion, at any time without cause.
BNK may terminate access to any user and use of The Site, immediately, in its sole discretion, at any time without cause.
These Terms Of Service comprise the entire agreement between you and BNK and shall govern your use of The Site.Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of The Site or
these Terms of Service must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Privacy PolicyWe collect IP addresses for site security and to help us understand how people use the site. We use cookies which contain bits
of information that websites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. We may give your browser a
cookie, however the cookie does not tell us who you are.In addition to cookies, we may use web beacons which allow us to count users who have visited specific pages or access certain
cookies. We may use web beacons to count and recognize users, conduct research on behalf of some partners on their websites,
and for auditing purposes. In addition, we may use this method to aggregate information about users, including demographic and
usage information. Our advertising networks that serve ads on our site may also use web beacons in their advertisements. Any
image viewed as part of a web site including an ad banner, can act as a beacon.We use IP addresses for working on technology problems, maintaining security, displaying advertising or content to particular
users, analyzing the ways in which people use the site and how we can improve it, and for reporting to advertisers about
aggregate information from IP addresses.We use cookies to gauge our audience size and patterns. We use cookies to target content and ads based upon user interests.
Our advertising networks may place or use a unique cookie on your browser.We may use third-party networks to serve advertisements on the site and in our emails. These third-parties may use cookies,
and/or similar technologies. BNK does not control or access these cookies. Use of their tracking technology is subject to
their own privacy policies.We may disclose your personal information as required by applicable law, or in response to legal process to defend the rights
or property of BNK.The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you third parties. Information about your visits to the site, such as the
number of times you have viewed an ad is used to serve ads to you.Use of the site is not intended for children under the age of 18. We are in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 18.
"ValueForum is an active, private, online discussion community
for stock & bond market investing.
In discussion forums divided into finely grained topics, you will find sophisticated
investors trading tips, research, and due diligence on value stocks, income investments, forex, market news,
and more.
Join in - trade ideas, strategies, current news, via our unique message bulletin boards,
stock ratings system, and other online tools specifically geared toward our community."
Random member testimonial: "The most important thing I have learned at VF in the last 3 years reading all you smart peoples posts is money management. This is usually not taught by our parents." more testimonials »
Email / About |
Privacy |
Terms of Use |
How To / FAQ |
Msg Ticker |
VF Home |
My.vf |
BDCs.vf |
Energy.vf |
REITs.vf |
TA.vf
Nothing in ValueForum.com is intended to be investment advice,
nor does it represent the opinion of, counselfrom, or recommendations
by ValueForum.com.
©2003 - 2020, Powered in part by
Ticker Technologies •
Contact Us
Stock Market Investing Forum - Trading Tips & Research - Online Message Boards