http://www.mareeba.co.uk/cookie-policy
+44 (0) 1494 927 418
enquiries@mareeba.co.uk
This Privacy Policy was last modified on 11/05/2018.
Mareeba uses cookies to track your visit to our publicly accessible web pages.
By using this Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing better. We use this information to establish the number of unique visitors to our website, pages navigated, save preferences and provide tracking data helping us provide a better digital experience.
WHAT ARE COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file which is transferred on to your computer, smartphone or tablet via your web browser to help the site provide a better user experience.
Cookies may be “temporary” or “session” cookies, used while you visit our website. They are deleted when you close your browser, or “permanent” cookies, which stay on your device’s permanent storage until you delete them manually or your browser deletes them after a certain period. Please see your web browser settings for more information.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
When you use or access our Services, we may place several cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes; to enable certain functions of our Service, to provide analytics, to store preferences and to enable advertisements.
Our site does not keep or use any personal information. Any anonymous information is handled according to our Privacy Policy as seen on our website.
However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the ‘Help’ section of your browser, but be aware that certain functionality may not be available to you.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usages statistics. This includes social media analytics, Google Analytics and third-party marketing software analytics. This information is collected to see the success of our own advertising campaigns.
For more information on this subject, please visit www.aboutcookies.org website.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes