http://www.meineke.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content CLOSE Modal TitleCenter HoursMeinekePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyLast Updated: July 8, 2019 In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how Meineke (“Meineke”) collects, uses, and discloses information that we obtain about visitors to our website www.meineke.com (the “Site”), users of our mobile application (“App”), and the services available through our Site and App (collectively, the “Services”).By visiting the Site, using or downloading our App, or using any of our Services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of our Site, App, or Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy.The Information We Collect About YouWe collect information about you directly from you, from third parties, and automatically through your use of our Site, App, or Services.Information We Collect Directly From You. The information we collect from you depends on how you use our Site, App, or Services. For example, without limitation, we may collect the following information from you in connection with the following Services:To register for a Rewards Account: First name, last name, phone number, email addressTo download coupons: Mobile phone number or email addressTo book an appointment: First and last name, email address, phone number, and make/model/year of vehicleTo sign-up for newsletters/information about store openings: Email addressTo provide information via a general customer service form: First name, last name, email address, phone number, physical addressWhen you provide responses to surveys/questionnaires: Your responsesTo inquire about career opportunities: First and last name, email address, phone numberReal Estate Form: First and Last name, email address, phone number, physical addressResale Form: First name, last name, email address, phone number, city, state, zip code, liquid assets, net worthWhen you are a business customer (business to business customers): Fleet Contact Form: First and last name, phone number, company name, total vehicles in fleet, email address, physical addressInformation We Collect From Other Entities.Information that We Collect About You from Social Networking Sites. If you create a Rewards Account, you also may log into that account through your Facebook account. To do this, you must enter your Facebook login information, and we will then obtain from Facebook your name, profile picture, and email address. Please note that we will have access to this information even if you have chosen not to make that information public on Facebook.We store the information that we receive from Facebook with other information that we collect from you or receive about you. Any third-party social networking site controls the information it collects from you. For information about how they may use and disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult their respective privacy policies. We have no control over how any third party site uses or discloses the personal information it collects about you.Information We Collect Automatically. We automatically collect information about your use of our Site and App through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, such as: domain name, your browser type and operating system, web pages you view on the Site; links you click on the Site, your IP address, the length of time you visit our Site and/or use our Services (including your purchasing history), the referring URL or the webpage that led you to our Site, device name, model, operating system, and version, language preferences, activities within the App and how long you were logged in to the App, location information (with your permission).To the extent permitted by applicable law, we combine this information with other information we collect about you, including your personal information. Please see the section “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information.How We Use Your InformationWe use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:To provide our Services to you, including to deliver promotional materials that you request.To administer our Rewards Program.To communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer service purposes.To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Services.To send you email marketing about our products and services and those of our affiliated entitiesTo send you news and newsletters.To assist us in advertising on third party websites, mobile apps, and other online services, and to evaluate the success of our adverting campaigns through third party channels (including our online targeted advertising and offline promotional campaigns).To better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis. For example, we will evaluate which features of our Site are more (or least) used by users.To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or member satisfaction purposes.To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy.How We Share Your InformationWe may share your information, including personal information, as follows:Service Providers. We disclose the information we collect from you to service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. These service providers include information technology service providers and other professional services service providers, including administration of our Reward program.Affiliates. We disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries so that they can provide you with information about goods and services that may be of interest to you.Other Users of the Site and Services. Any information that you post to our Site, including, without limitation, reviews, comments, and text will be available to, and searchable by, all users of the Site and Services.We also disclose information in the following circumstances:Business Transfers. If (i) we or our affiliates are or may be acquired by, merged with, or invested in by another company or (ii) if any of our assets are or may be transferred to another company, whether as part of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. As part of the business transfer process, we may share certain of your personal information with lenders, auditors, and third party advisors, including attorneys and consultants.In Response to Legal Process. We disclose your information to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.To Protect Us and Others. We disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate to do so to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We share aggregate, anonymized, or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.Notice to Nevada ResidentsNevada law allows consumers to direct certain businesses not to sell their personally identifiable information to third parties to license or sell that information to additional third parties. If you are a Nevada resident, you may submit such opt-out requests to customerservicemeineke@meineke.com. To be effective, your request must include your full name, address, phone number, and email address [or other information reasonably necessary to verify the authenticity of the consumer request]. Meineke Car Care Centers, LLC will endeavor to respond to your verified request within 60 days of receiving the request. However, due to unforeseen circumstances, Meineke Car Care Centers, LLC may need to extend this period by up to 30 days. If an extension is reasonably necessary, Meineke Car Care Centers, LLC will notify you of this during the initial 60-day period.Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking MechanismsWe and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Site or Services. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf).Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and Service. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off your device. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Site and Services. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site and Services.Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you have closed your browser or turned off your device. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity, and to display advertising both on our Site, Services, and on third-party sites.Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site and Services who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.Flash Local Storage Objects. We may use Flash Local Storage Objects (“Flash LSOs”) to store your Site preferences and to personalize your visit. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. Typically, you cannot control, delete, or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “Website Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions to review and, if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO.Third Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site, and to the extent permitted, our App. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Site and App. We use these tools to help us improve our Site’s and App’s performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Cross-Device Use. We and our third party service providers, including Google, may use the information that we collect about you (whether directly from our Site, from our App, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our third party service providers identify other devices that you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). We, and our third party service providers also may use the cross-device use and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails. To opt-out of cross-device advertising, you may follow the instructions set forth in the Third Party Ad Networks section below. Please note that if you opt-out of these targeted advertising cookies, your opt-out will be specific to the web browser, app, or device from which you accessed the opt-out. If you use multiple devices or web browsers, you will need to opt-out each browser or device that you use.Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions in the Third-Party Ad Networks section directly below.Third-Party Ad NetworksWe use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information, including personal information, about you.Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members.Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies' delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site, Services, or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA's website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI's website at www.networkadvertising.org.User Generated ContentWe invite you to post content on our Site and Services, including your comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Site or Services. If you post content to our Site or Services, all of the information that you post will be available to Meineke and other users of our Site. If you post your own content on our Site or Services, your posting may become public, and Meineke cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy.Third-Party LinksOur Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.Security of My Personal InformationWe have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.Access To My Personal InformationYou may modify personal information that you have submitted by contacting Customer Service – see the Contact Us section below or by logging in to your Rewards Account. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time.What Choices Do I Have Regarding Use of My Personal Information?We may send periodic promotional emails to you. You may opt-out of promotional emails by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you emails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.Children Under 13Our Services are not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.Contact UsIf you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at Meineke Customer Service: 800-447-3070.Changes to this PolicyThis Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site and App. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site and App and/or emailing you at the email address we have for you. ×Enter Offer Send Services Email : Check icon for email subscriptionEmail Sign up for exclusive Meineke offers and promotions Email me the coupon×Enter Offer Send Services Enter Your Mobile Number : Check icon sms textSms TextSign up for exclusive Meineke offers and promotions * Text me the coupon * Receive recurring text messages from Meineke. Standard messaging and data rates may apply. Consent not required for purchase. Text STOP to 222245 to cancel; text HELP for help. Privacy PolicyA Family of Driven Brandsschedule appointment