http://www.mayocreditunion.org/privacy.html
Skip to Main Content
Our Rochester and La Crosse Lobbies Are Temporarily Closed.
Request an appointment to meet with a lending or member service representative.
Privacy
We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the Mayo Employees Federal Credit Union Web site. We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to give it to us. The personal information that you submit is shared only with those people who need this information to respond to your question or request. We do not save personal information to use for other purposes, nor do we provide it to any other organization.
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide. You should understand, however, that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception, and so we cannot absolutely guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other valid legal processes, we will not share any personally identifiable information we receive from you with any parties outside of the Credit Union or the Mayo Clinic organization. We may share your Personal Information with affiliates in accordance with the practices set forth in our Consumer Privacy Policy. We do not sell your Personal Information.
Surveys
We may survey visitors to our site. The information from these surveys is used in aggregate form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our site. We generally do not ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you; if we do request contact information for follow-up, you may decline to provide it. If survey respondents provide personal information (such as an e-mail address) in a survey, it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request.
IP Addresses
The Web server automatically collects the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computers that access our site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet. It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer. We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site is being used and how we can better serve visitors.
Cookies
We do employ the use of cookies and Google Analytics on our website. The data gathered from these cookies allows us to better understand how members use our website, and provides us with insight on how we may improve.
Read More: How Google Uses Information
Questions?
Please feel free to Contact Us.
THESE LEGAL NOTICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE