https://www.combmet.com/privacy-policy/
about
About CMC – Bellwood Service Center
Corporate Office & Other Divisions
Mission Statement
Environmental, Health & Safety Policy
Experts in Metallurgy
Products
Slit Coil – Service Center
Stainless Steel Slit Coil
Nickel Alloy Slit Coil
Titanium Slit Coil
Strip Coil
Stainless Steel Strip Coil
Nickel Strip Coil
Titanium Strip Coil
Cut-to-Length Sheet and Plate
Stainless Sheet & Plate
Carbon Steel, Aluminum, and Red Metals
Polished Stainless Steel
Stainless Steel Slit Coil
Buffed Coil
Stainless Steel Coil
Aluminum Coil
Punched Circles
Stainless Steel Punched Circles
Carbon Steel, Red Metals, and Other Punched Circles
Custom Finishes
Capabilities
Rolled Strip & Slit Coil
Sheet
Polish
Buff
Circle Punch
Strip Corrective Leveling
Packaging
Rolled Strip & Slit Coil
Sheet
Quality
Quality Statement
Claims Policy
Certifications
MSDS/SDS
Testing
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Data Sheets
Industries
Careers
Careers at CMC
View Current Job Openings
Tools
CMC Steel Surcharges
Metals Glossary of Terms
Coil Calculator
News
All Locations
Notice of Terms
Please read the Combined Metals of Chicago (CMC) policy page thoroughly and carefully. By visiting the CMC website and/or sharing information with our company, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy, that are listed below.
Our company maintains the right to revise or update our privacy policy as we feel necessary.
Summary
The purpose of the information below is to summarize the practices and policies of CMC for your convenience. This information does not define, limit or describe the scope or extent of our privacy policy. The information is only meant to serve as a guide.
Information Collected
Combined Metals of Chicago (CMC) collects information with an intention to personally identify and contact an individual; i.e. name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. This information is taken when you fill out the Request a Quote form. No personally identifiable information is collected when you visit our website.
Non-Personal Information Collected
Combined Metals of Chicago (CMC) may collect non-personal information such as IP address, browser types, operating systems, domain names, access dates and times, referring website URLs, online transaction activity, and search history.
How the Information is Used
Combined Metals of Chicago (CMC) reserves the right to use your non-personal information mentioned above for the following purposes: enhancement of our services, marketing efforts, or to tailor advertisements and website content to your interests.
This information CMC collects is aggregated and remains anonymous to you. It will be referred to as “usage data” throughout this privacy policy. You as the user have the right to disable cookies or manage them through your internet browser and/or other software. Please note that our company uses this information to recognize you when you visit the website, to customize your experience and to serve you better.
Sharing Your Information
We will not share any of your information with any outside service providers, partners or our clients except under these special circumstances:
If we have received a subpoena to disclose your information under applicable laws or regulations, we will disclose your information accordingly.
If we have received an inquiry from a legitimate rights owner with allegations of copyright or other proprietary infringement stemming from the information you provided to us, we will disclose your information in response.
If we sell our assets, get acquired by or merge with a third party, we will disclose your information to that third party.
Security
Our company takes reasonable and standard security measures to protect your personal data. We are committed to protecting our information assets and will act responsibly in safeguarding our network infrastructure adpfm.ca.
Changes
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at our discretion and will post the most recent privacy policy on our website. If changes are made, a notice of the privacy policy update will be posted with the revised policy.
I have reviewed the Privacy Policy and I give my consent to the terms laid out.
SUBMIT RFQ & QUESTIONSSURCHARGESVIEW CURRENT JOB OPENINGSHelpful Links:
- Request A Quote
- Current Job Openings
- Data Sheets
- Coil Calculator
- New Customer Credit App
- Stainless Steel Surcharges
Additional Pages
- About
- Products
- Capabilities
- Quality
- Data Sheets
- Industries
- Careers
- Tools
- News
PRODUCTS
Slit Coil
Strip Coil
Cut-to-Length
Polished Coil
Buffed Coil
Circle Punching
Custom Finishes
QUICK MENU
Contact Us
Submit RFQ
Surcharges
Data Sheets
MSDS/SDS
Download Credit App
LEGAL
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
CORPORATE LOCATION
CMC
2401 W Grant Avenue
Bellwood, IL 60104
Phone: 708-547-8800
Toll Free: 800-323-0758
Fax: 708-547-8818
Email Us: cmcinfo@combmet.com
Other CMC Locations: