http://www.uniprofoodservice.com/privacy
UniPro's response to COVID-19
Read More
Contact Us
|
Find a Distributor
Market Reports
|
Log In
Home
About Us
Find a Distributor
Operators
Distributors
Suppliers
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into the extranet and maintaining their user profile.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.uniprofoodservice.com/terms
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on Thursday, February 27, 2014
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.uniprofoodservice.com
2500 Cumberland Parkway, Suite 600
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
United States
info@uniprofoodservice.com
770.952.0871
About UniPro
With over 850 locations, UniPro Foodservice, Inc. is the largest
foodservice distribution cooperative in the United States. We provide nationwide access to exclusive
purchasing opportunities with the country's premier suppliers.
Contact Us
Address:
2500 Cumberland Pkwy SE, Suite 600, Atlanta, GA 30339
Phone:
770.952.0871
Email:
info@uniprofoodservice.com
2020 © UniPro Foodservice, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Email |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Service |
Disclosures |
Sitemap |
FAQ |
Careers