https://www.wazif.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to contentCookie PolicyThis website uses cookies.Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow). They then enable the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain items of information.We use cookies to:monitor your use and browsing habits on of the website to help us understand how you use it;help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity. This enables us to provide you with improved services;help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.This website also uses cookies which are required for the problem-free operation of this website. These include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of this website or use a shopping cart.Other cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by third parties when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. These cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that advertisers and third-party sites may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by our Privacy Policy or this Cookie Policy. We suggest contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.Where applicable, this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to this Website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with the legal requirement for websites in terms of obtaining explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.You can also choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you choose to turn cookies off, this may disable or render some of the features of this website unusable. Don`t copy text! Scroll to Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use the service, you agree to our use of cookies. - Cookie Policy
I agree