https://www.organic.nl/service/privacy-statement-cookie-policy.html
search
en
en
nl
de
HomeProductsIngredientsConsumer ProductsPackagingServicesAdviceSourcingOrganic interestOur customersOur partnersQualityCertificatesAbout usWho we areOur teamCareerNewsCome meet usContact
Home
Service
Privacy statement & Cookie policy
Privacy statement & Cookie policy
DO-IT, named as ‘we’ in the following document, respects the privacy of the people with whom we have contact, which means customers, visitors, employees, business relations, website visitors or others. We believe it is important that your personal information is treated confidentially and that privacy laws and regulations are complied with. This privacy statement informs you about the way in which we process your personal data, according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR.
Who is responsible
DO-IT BV, together with its subsidiaries DO-IT Food Ingredients BV and DO-IT Consumer Products BV (hereinafter: “DO-IT”), is responsible for the processing of your personal data. The DO-IT contact details are: DO-IT BV, Hermesweg 7, 3771 ND Barneveld. Telephone: +31 85 487 0487. Email: info@organic.nl.
What data we collect
We process personal data because you use our services and/or because you provide this data to us yourself. With personal data you can think of your name, phone number, e-mail or IP address. We collect your personal data if, for example, you fill out a form, place an order or inquiry, send a letter or e-mail or call our customer service. You also provide us with personal data if you visit one of our websites, sign up to our newsletter, apply for a job or if you leave your details there or at one of our employees. Personal data may also be collected in the context of a (potential) customer or business relationship with us.
What we use the data for
We use your personal data for efficient and effective business operations, the delivery of products and services and in particular for the implementation of the following activities:
In order to improve our service, we process personal data of customers, such as reports on the delivery of products and services, visit reports, company reports, which are used for internal analyses and to measure and improve product and business performance. The basis for this processing is legitimate interest, since the processing is necessary in the context of the normal operation.
In order to carry out marketing activities, such as the provision of information about products and/or services via our newsletter, we process personal data from (potential) relations, such as address data, e-mail address, company and sector data. Processing personal data in this context is based on consent, whenever necessary. For other communication purposes, the legitimate interests form the basis, since those activities concern the normal business operations.
Job applicants leave their personal data, such as contact details, a motivation letter and a cv. On the basis of this data, we can assess whether a job seeker is invited for an interview. These data are processed on the basis of the legitimate interest of the job seeker in terms of signing a new job contract, and of us in terms of being able to perform our business operations, and are saved for 4 weeks, unless the parties involved have given permission for longer storage. In the latter case it will be saved for one year, for longer storage we will request permission again after a year.
To protect people (e.g., visitors and employees), information, buildings and products, visitors to our locations are asked to provide their name, company details and possible contamination risks. In this case, personal data is processed on the basis of the legitimate interest that we have in security.
Who we share the data with
We will not sell your personal information to third parties and will only use it for the purposes mentioned above. We can engage third parties as part of our business operations, such as financial, administrative and marketing objectives.
To the extent that these third parties process your data when carrying out business activities, the necessary measures are taken to ensure that your data is only processed to the extent that this is necessary in this context.
How long your personal information is stored
We do not store personal data for longer than necessary for the purposes stated above. The retention period for personal data depends on the purpose for which the personal data are used. In doing so, the applicable statutory retention period, the reasonable expectation that personal data will still be used for the purpose for which they were obtained, and the legitimate interests are taken into account. As soon as the personal data are no longer necessary, they will be anonymized or deleted.
How your data is secured
We have taken the necessary security measures to prevent unauthorized use of your personal data.
Your rights considering personal information
You have the right to ask for insight in, modification or removal of your personal data. You also have the right to withdraw or adjust your consent for data processing, to object to data processing, and you have the right to data transferability. You can send your request for any of the stated instances above to info@organic.nl .
Questions, comments or complaints
For questions, comments or complaints about the protection of your personal data by us, please contact info@organic.nl. Furthermore, based on the applicable privacy laws and regulations, you have the right to submit a complaint to the supervisory entity.
Amendments
Our privacy statement may change if new developments require so. You will always find the most current privacy statement on our website. This privacy statement was drafted on May 20, 2019.
Cookie policy
Our Cookie policy contains information about the use of cookies and similar techniques (hereinafter referred to as ‘cookies’) on our website.
What cookies we use
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit a website. There are multiple cookies, like functional, analytical and performance cookies. Information that is stored in these cookies is data such as the browser used, duration of the visit, which pages are visited, the source of the visit and errors visitors received.
We use the following cookies:
Technical cookies: necessary to make our website work, basically to recognize that you are the user who visited the previous page on the site, or to remember your preferences.
Analytical cookies: to test and optimize the quality and effectiveness of our website. In our case, these are Google Analytics cookies for website analysis. We have masked the last octet of the IP address and thus anonymized IP data. "Sharing data" is deactivated and no other Google services are used in combination with the Google Analytics cookie. Google may provide this information to third parties if Google is legally required to do so, or insofar as third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
The collected data is not used for any other purpose than for improving the website. The collected data is not made available to third parties. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it no longer stores cookies. In addition, you can also delete all information that was previously saved via the settings of your browser.