http://www.warwick-ward.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Contact Us
Sign in/
Sign up
01226747260
Home
Machines
CASE Construction
Machines in Stock
Wheel Loaders
Compact Wheel Loaders
Crawler Excavators
Midi Excavators
Mini Excavators
Short Radius Excavators
Special Applications
Backhoe Loaders
Skid Steer Loaders
Compact Track Loaders
Crawler Dozers
Graders
Telescopic Loaders
TEREX Ecotec
Machines in Stock
Slow Speed Shredders
Medium Speed Shredders
High Speed Shredders
Waste Handlers
Trommel Screens
Recycling Screens
Tracked Conveyors
ECOHOG
Machines in Stock
Air Separators
Metal Separators
Starscreens
KEESTRACK
Cone Crushers
Impact Crushers
Jaw Crushers
Classifier Screens
Scalper Screens
Dust Suppression
Stackers
USED Machines
Wheel Loaders
Excavators
Dump Trucks
Backhoe Loaders
Skid Steer Loaders
Telehandlers
Forklift
Crawler Dozers
Agricultural
Recycling
Material Handlers
Miscellaneous
Parts
New Parts
Filter Kits
Consumables
CASE CE Parts Catalogue
Used Parts
Machines for Breaking
Hire
Wheel Loaders
Shredders
Screens
Separators
Handlers
Service
News
About Us
Company Overview
How to find us/ Site Rules
Sell Your Machine
Maintenance & Wear Parts
Finance
Careers
Privacy Policy
1. Scope
This privacy notice tells you how we, Warwick Ward (machinery) Ltd, will collect and use your personal data.
2. Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
Warwick Ward at your request can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If Warwick Ward does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data.
Contact details of the data protection officer.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Warwick Ward or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored. 2.9 Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it was not collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing. What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this? Warwick Ward accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested: Passport, driving licence, birth certificate, utility bill (from last 3 months).
3. Personal data
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
4. How will Warwick Ward use the personal data it collects about me?
Warwick Ward will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
5. Will Warwick Ward share my personal data with anyone else?
Although unlikely, we may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to Warwick Ward in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide you on our behalf. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with Warwick Ward’s procedures. If we wish to pass your personal data onto a third-party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
6. Why does Warwick Ward need to collect and store personal data?
We need to collect personal data in order for us to provide you with our services. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect, and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
7. Under what circumstances will Warwick Ward contact me?
In providing our service, our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Contact details of the Data Protection Officer / GDPR Owner:
The Data Protection Officer for Warwick Ward (machinery) Ltd is David Brennan who can be contacted via dbrennan@warwick-ward.com
Cookies
We use cookies on this web site. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. They enable us to recognise your web browser. In effect, cookies tell us when you have visited our web site and where you have been, but they do not identify you personally, just the presence of your browser. We use cookies to see how often people visit our web site and what they look at. This helps us to know what parts of the web site are popular and what people are interested in so we can make sure we have more interesting material on the site in future. If you do not want us to be able to do this, your browser's help section should be able to tell you how you can disable or filter cookies and how to arrange for your browser to tell you when you have been sent a new cookie.
CASE Construction
TEREX Ecotec
ECOHOG
Keestrack
Used Machines
Parts
New Parts
CASE CE Parts Catalogue
Used Parts
Machines for Breaking
New Arrivals
Hire
Service
Maintenance and Wear Parts
Sell your machine
About Us
News
Contact Us
Careers
Our Locations
North & Yorkshire (HQ)
Warwick Ward (machinery) Ltd
Blacker Hill Sidings
Blacker Hill
Barnsley
S74 0RE
Tel: 01226747260
Fax: 01226 350 129
Midlands
Warwick Ward (machinery) Ltd
Unit 3, Adams Way
Springfield Business Park
ALCESTER
B49 6PU
Tel: 01789 713131
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us