http://www.etscompany.com/privacypolicy.html
HOME
| PRODUCT CATALOG | SPECIALS
| ABOUT US | CONTACT
US
ETS
Co. Privacy Policy
Your
privacy is important to us. Equipment Trade Service Co. Inc. is committed
to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our site and will make
every attempt to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet
by promoting the principles of disclosure. Therefore, this document
is being provided to explain our online information practices. These
guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet
technologies are rapidly evolving, and accordingly, guidelines are
subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
This document
will include information about the following:
What information
this site gathers/tracks about you
What this site
does with the information it gathers/tracks
With whom this
site shares the information it gathers/tracks
There are two
types of information that can be gathered on any web site:
Aggregate Information:
Aggregate Information is anonymous data that Web sites use to diagnose
problems, administer the sites, gather broad demographic information
and help improve the quality of the Web pages. Examples of aggregate
information may be your domain name (i.e. "XYZ.com"),
the type of browser or operating system you are using or your IP
address.
None of this information is connected with your Personally Identifiable
information.
Personally Identifiable
Information:
Personally Identifiable Information is any information that personally
identifies you. It can be your first and last name, your email address,
your home address, or your telephone number. This information is
typically gathered in a feedback form, a request for service form,
an order form and so on. This information is used to communicate
with you to fulfill your requests for products, programs, services
or general information. Equipment Trade Service Co. Inc. will not
use this information for any purpose other than to carry out the
services we are performing on your behalf.
Personal information
about you as an individual will not be provided to any third party.
Equipment Trade Service Co. Inc. also does not use this information
to send unsolicited email. We have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the
information we collect online. We carefully protect your data from
loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Compliance with
Legal Process
We may disclose
personal information if we are required to do so by law, or we in
good faith believe that such action is necessary to:
comply with
the law or with legal process
protect and
defend our rights and property
protect against
misuse or unauthorized use of The Equipment Trade Service Co. Inc.
web site
protect the
personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other
things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt
to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed
as part of any investigation into your actions).
Cookies
To enhance your
experience with our sites, some of our web pages may use "cookies."
Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store
your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail
address or any other personally identifiable information unless
you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, filling
in an online form. However, once you choose to furnish the site
with personally identifiable information, this information may be
linked to the data stored in the cookie.
Cookies may
be used to understand site usage and to improve the content and
offerings on our sites. For example, cookies may be used to personalize
your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name
when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected
areas, or enable you to use shopping carts. Equipment Trade Service
Co. Inc. will never use cookies to retrieve information from your
computer that was not originally sent by us to you in a cookie.
Equipment Trade Service Co. Inc. does not use information transferred
through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes.
If you have
questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact ets@etscompany.com
Ask
about our Detergent Delivery program or click here for details!
Equipment
Trade Service Co. Inc. 20 E. Winona Ave. Norwood, PA 19074
Ph: 610-583-7657 Fax: 610-583-5479
Copyright © 2003 Equipment Trade Service Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
| Disclaimer/TOU | Privacy
Policy
2009 © ETS COMPANY