http://www.tgifridays.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Fridays General Terms and Conditions Fridays Rewards® Programs Terms and Conditions
TGI FRIDAYSSM TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using this site or mobile application, you signify your assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of FRIDAYS.COM or the mobile application following the posting of changes to these terms (including the Privacy Policy) will mean you accept those changes.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
This site is owned and operated by TGI Friday's Inc. (referred to as "FRIDAYS," "TGI Fridays," "we," "us," or "our" herein). No material from FRIDAYS.COM, the TGI Fridays mobile application or any website owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by TGI Fridays may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one (1) copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the material or uses of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of TGI Fridays copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited.
In the event you download software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by TGI Fridays. TGI Fridays does not transfer title to the Software to you. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but TGI Fridays retains full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.
SUBMISSIONS
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to TGI Fridays through this site or mobile application (together, the "Submission") will forever be the property of TGI Fridays. TGI Fridays will not be required to treat any submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation, product, or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future TGI Fridays operations. Without limitation, TGI Fridays will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Submission of every kind and nature everywhere. TGI Fridays will be entitled to use the Submission for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever without compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission. You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not TGI Fridays, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
DISCLAIMER
The material in this site or mobile application could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. TGI Fridays may make changes or improvements at any time. THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, TGI FRIDAYS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
TGI FRIDAYS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIAL WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TGI FRIDAYS DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULT OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT TGI FRIDAYS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY
TGI Fridays will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or line failure. TGI Fridays will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site or mobile application, even if there is negligence or TGI Fridays or an authorized TGI Fridays representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or both. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. TGI Fridays total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise will not be greater than the amount you paid to access this site.
TERMINATION
TGI Fridays or you may terminate this agreement at any time. You may terminate this agreement by destroying: (a) all materials obtained from all TGI Fridays sites, and (b) all related documentation and all copies and installations (together, the "Materials"). TGI Fridays may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials.
JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Texas, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. Except as otherwise described, all materials in this site are made available only for informational purposes. TGI Fridays makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this site from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities.
MISCELLANEOUS
This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site and mobile application. TGI Fridays can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. TGI Fridays products and services are available in many parts of the world. However, this FRIDAYS.COM site and mobile application may describe products and services that are not available worldwide. This site may be linked to other sites that are not maintained by TGI Fridays. TGI Fridays is not responsible for the content of those sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by TGI Fridays of the sites.
Fridays Rewards® Programs Terms and Conditions
The Fridays Rewards® Program (the "Program") is a customer recognition program that rewards enrolled Fridays guests ("Members") for dining with us. Enrollment, membership, and all related benefits of the Program, including the use of the website or Fridays’ mobile application, are offered to you by TGI Friday's Inc., at its discretion. The Program is restricted to participating Fridays restaurants located within the 50 United States, excluding U.S. territories ("Participating Restaurants"). Your participation in this Program is subject to these Terms and Conditions (these "Terms"), including any changes made to these Terms in the future.
The Program is sponsored by TGI Friday's Inc., 19111 North Dallas Parkway, Suite 165, Dallas, Texas 75287. To participate in the Program, you need to be a Member. If you're not already a Member, you can join at www.fridays.com/rewards or via the Fridays mobile application. Simply follow the instructions you'll see there.
The Program is subject to cancellation or modification at any time without notice.
With the Program you will receive credit for each dollar you spend at Participating Restaurants for qualifying purchases, for up to two (2) transactions per day. Note that a Member may not “self-credit” points more than three (3) times per week. When your points balance reaches a reward threshold level, you can claim a reward. To request a reward, visit www.fridays.com/rewards or the mobile application, and log in to your account. When you claim your reward, the appropriate number of points will be deducted from your account. You will only be able to request rewards that correlate to the number of points you have available in your account. Rewards are accessible instantly upon request online or via the mobile application and can be printed, stored in your account, emailed to your email address on file or accessed later as they are stored in a Use Rewards module within your account. From time to time, you will receive an email notification, to the email address on file, that you have enough points to be eligible to claim a reward.
Your reward certificate will expire if not used at a Participating Restaurant within thirty (30) days from the date it is issued. Reward certificates may not be used toward payment of tax or tip/gratuity or for the purchase of alcoholic beverages or Fridays™ gift cards. The reward certificate has no cash value, is not for resale, and no change will be given for reward certificate redemption. Points may not be redeemed for cash or other benefits. Your reward certificate will have a serialized number and/or a bar code. Reward certificates without this information will be considered invalid and will not be accepted in restaurant. The reward certificate terms state that the certificate is for one-time redemption only. The reward certificate will contain the Member's name and should be used by the Member. Members cannot request more than two (2) reward certificates on a given date and no more than three (3) reward certificates in a given week. Limit of one (1) reward certificate per Member per visit. Lost, stolen or expired reward certificates will not be replaced. Points will not be re-credited to a Member's account for lost, stolen or expired reward certificates. Reward certificates may not be used in conjunction with other coupons, promotions or discounts. TGI Friday's Inc. reserves the right to substitute a reward of equal or greater value for any reason. Fridays Rewards® reward levels offered are subject to additions, modifications, inclusion/exclusion changes and eliminations. Void where prohibited.
Eligibility and Enrollment
To enroll in the Program, you must be a legal resident of the 50 United States (excluding U.S. territories), have a valid email address, and have a valid telephone number. You must also be at least 21 years of age as of the date of enrollment. Businesses, corporations, joint ventures, partnerships, groups, associations, and other non-personal entities are not eligible to participate in the Program. Employees of TGI Friday's Inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries, and others who are eligible for employee-based discounts or benefits are not eligible to participate in the Program. Your membership is nontransferable.
To enroll in the Program, you can complete the application process at www.fridays.com/rewards or via the mobile application, where you will be asked to provide certain identifying information, including your email address, telephone number and birthdate. All information submitted must be truthful and accurate. It is your responsibility to ensure that the information you have provided remains current, and to promptly notify us (by updating your online profile) of any changes. If we determine, at our sole discretion, that any information associated with an account (including an email address) is untruthful or inaccurate, we may discontinue your membership and void and cancel your account and any associated credits at any time, without notice to you. There are alternative methods to join the Program including, but not limited to, in-restaurant sign-up, partner promotions or websites, or via Fridays™ promotions or contests. Enrollment begins upon activation of your account, which in most cases will be the day you complete your registration. Upon successful enrollment, you will be assigned an account number. To receive credit for your meal, provide your account number or the phone number you used to sign up to your server in the restaurant to identify yourself as a Member. Information about current promotions, program benefits, rewards and updates will be sent to the valid email address you provide.
Logging in to Mobile Application
If you join the Fridays Rewards® Program via the mobile application, or log in to your Fridays Rewards® account on the mobile application, you will be asked whether you want the mobile application to remember you. If you choose yes, the mobile application will remain logged in to your account. You may be prompted to log in again to access certain functions on the mobile application, such as requesting rewards. At any time, you can choose to log out of your account by choosing the logout button on the application.
How You Can Correct Any Inaccuracies in the Information
You have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to the Fridays Rewards® Program. To update your information, please visit www.fridays.com/rewards.
Privacy Policy
Information you submit will be used as described in the Fridays Privacy Policy, which you may review here. By applying for enrollment in, and participating in, the Program you are agreeing that we may use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. You are also agreeing to review these Terms and the Privacy Policy regularly so that you can make informed decisions about your use of our website and mobile application, your participation in the Program, and the personal information you choose to share with us.
Promotions and Member Benefits
The terms of specific Program promotions will be disclosed at the time of the offering. Our website and mobile application will explain Member benefits and specific promotion details, which are subject to change at any time. Some promotions may include rewards based on the dollar amount you spend on purchases of food and beverage at Participating Restaurants. For more information about what types of purchases do not count toward rewards, see the paragraph entitled "Non-Qualifying Purchases" below. To receive credit for a qualifying purchase, you should identify yourself as a Fridays Rewards® Member and provide either your account number or the phone number you used to sign up to your server.
Fridays Rewards® is an email-based program. Member benefits, promotions, program updates, and account-based operational messages will be communicated to Members via email.
During an ongoing promotion, our website may contain a summary of your purchase balance, listing the amount of points credits you have spent in qualifying purchases during a promotion. You can also check your points credits via the mobile application. We will credit your account with the amounts of qualifying purchases only after the Participating Restaurant processes the points account associated with the purchase. We are not responsible for any delay or failure to record purchases to your account.
Some restaurants may not participate in the Program, so be sure to check with the restaurant location before you make your purchase. We will attempt to credit your account with qualifying purchases on a timely basis. However, you have the responsibility of making sure that your purchases are properly credited. Please retain copies of your receipts and/or account statements for your records. Any claim for purchases not credited accurately must be received by us before the end of the then-current promotional offer. We have no liability for (a) any printing, production, typographical, mechanical, or other errors regarding the earning, redemption or accumulation of participation credit or any other aspect of the Program; (b) any delay or failure to credit your account; or (c) any failure to provide Program communication. We reserve the right to invalidate purchases credited to your account and associated rewards credits if we determine that such purchases were improperly credited to your account or obtained fraudulently. We reserve the right to require proof of qualifying purchases recorded in your account, and we reserve the right to delay the processing of any reward, without notice to you, in order to assure compliance with these Terms. You are responsible for restricting access to and maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you agree to accept responsibility for the activities of anyone using your password. The Program is void where prohibited.
Non-qualifying Purchases
Qualifying purchases shall not include any purchase of alcoholic beverages, unless such purchase also includes food items. The dollar amount of a qualifying purchase may not include the amount of any sales tax, state fees, delivery charges, room rental fees or gratuities added to the food and beverage charge. Certain items may be excluded from credit in a particular promotion. Purchases of TGI Fridays™ gift cards will not count as qualifying purchases. Your account will be credited for qualifying purchases made with a gift card, but will not be credited for your purchase of a gift card.
Other exclusions may apply.
Restrictions on Use and Redemption
We are not obligated to apply Program rewards to pay for the following: sales tax, state fees, delivery charges, room rental fees or gratuities. We reserve the right at any time to limit Program enrollment, or to establish different levels of Program participation or targeted offers that may result in promotions that are not available to all Members. We may discontinue your membership and void or cancel your account and any associated credits at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, including if we suspect that you have engaged in fraud or theft, or have otherwise acted illegally, or in violation of these Terms. These rights are in addition to any other legal or equitable remedy that may be available to us under applicable law.
You may only enroll in the Program for yourself, and may only participate in the Program using your own account. You cannot participate in the Program on behalf of other Members or non-members.
Two or more Members cannot combine or merge accounts for any reason. An individual Member that has multiple accounts can request that their accounts be merged. An individual should only have one account.
You should not rely upon the continued availability of the Program, or any earning or redemption offers, merchandise or other offers made in connection with the Program. All rewards are available while supplies last and are subject to change and/or revocation without notice.
Program or Account Termination or Modification
You may remove yourself from the Fridays Rewards® email list at any time by unsubscribing here: www.fridays.com/unsubscribe. To cancel your membership in the Fridays Rewards® program, contact Guest Services via www.tgifridays.com/contactus. Cancellation may take up to ten (10) business days to finalize. During that period, you may receive previously scheduled account or promotional emails. You will forfeit your entitlement to any Program rewards or credits immediately upon deactivation or termination of your membership.
If you do not make a qualifying purchase during a period greater than twelve (12) months, your account balance may be reduced to zero and you may forfeit any Member participation credit you had accumulated.
We reserve the right to deactivate any Member account that has not earned a qualifying purchase during a period greater than twelve (12) months.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to (a) suspend, change or terminate the Program, any individual promotion, any Member benefit, or your membership in the Program, in whole or in part; (b) modify, limit or suspend the use and/or redemption of any participation credit, such as qualifying purchase credit, in any respect; (c) modify or change redemption procedures, including the amount of participation credit required for particular rewards; (d) modify, limit or suspend the collection of participation credit, including but not limited to imposing time limits and changes in participation credit values. We may make these changes even though the changes may affect the value of Member participation credits already accumulated at any time and from time to time. Your continued participation in the Program after any modification to the Program and/or these Terms will indicate your acceptance of any such modification. You expressly agree to assume responsibility for reviewing the Terms for any updates or modifications. If you don't agree to any changes to the Program or these Terms, your sole remedy is to cancel your account (and forfeit any unused participation credits and/or rewards).
You expressly agree to waive and set aside your respective rights and obligations under any applicable law in the event of any termination of the Program or modification of these Terms to the extent that such law requires any judicial pronouncement for the termination of the Program or modification of these Terms. We also agree to waive and set aside our respective rights and obligations in this regard.
Member Communications and Program Participation
When you join the Fridays Rewards® Program, you are required to provide your email address and phone number. The program is an email-based program, using email as the primary distribution channel to communicate for all earned rewards, program benefits, and program changes and updates promotions and offers. If you no longer wish to receive email communications from FridaysTM, you will forfeit the ability to earn and use Fridays Rewards® credits that you have earned. If you wish to opt out of emails from Fridays Rewards®, you will no longer receive emails from Fridays® unless you decide to opt in at a later date. If you opt out of emails, please allow up to ten (10) business days for your request to go into effect.
Member Obligations and Representations
By submitting an application to enroll in the Program, or by taking part in the Program, you are expressly agreeing to be bound by these Terms, as they may be amended from time to time. You agree not to misuse Program privileges by engaging in conduct that is detrimental to us, including without limitation: having multiple accounts; making purchases on the behalf of other Members; participating in purchasing or redemption fraud; or using any robot, spider, other automatic device or manual process to transact with or monitor the Program.
You agree to comply at all times with all laws, rules, and regulations that are applicable to you. You hereby acknowledge that you may only participate in the Program if and to the extent that such participation is permitted by all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and that your application for enrollment is subject to our acceptance. We may refuse at any time to enroll you, or to restrict, modify, or terminate your participation in the Program without liability to you or any law, rule, or regulation.
You agree to provide only accurate and true information to us at all times. You agree to comply with all of these Terms and with the terms of any affiliated and/or related programs, offers and promotions at all times. You agree to promptly notify us of any change in address, whether mail or email, by updating personal information on our digital or mobile application. You agree that your participation in the Program is entirely at your own risk.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS AGAINST US
NEITHER TGI FRIDAY'S INC., ITS PARENTS, AFFILIATES, OR SUBSIDIARIES, PROGRAM AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS ("ASSOCIATES") SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM, LOSS, INJURY, DAMAGE, DELAY, ACCIDENT, COST OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS OF SUIT), NOR FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (COLLECTIVELY, "LOSSES AND DAMAGES"), DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO (I) THESE TERMS; (II) THE PROGRAM, THE WEBSITE OR THE MOBILE APPLICATION; (III) ANY FAILURE, DELAY OR DECISION BY US IN ADMINISTERING THE PROGRAM; (IV) ANY UNAUTHORIZED USE OF A CARD OR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL; (V) ANY OFFER, REPRESENTATION, STATEMENT OR CLAIM ABOUT THE PROGRAM MADE BY US OR ANY ASSOCIATE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY; OR (VI) THE PURCHASE, REDEMPTION FOR OR USE OF ANY REWARDS WHETHER MADE AVAILABLE BY US, ONE OF OUR ASSOCIATES OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, OR OTHERWISE. The foregoing limitations of liability shall apply whether the alleged liability is based on contract, negligence, tort, strict liability or any other basis, even if we or our affiliates or our or their representatives have been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such losses and damages, and without regard to the success or effectiveness of other remedies.
IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR AND OUR AFFILIATES' MAXIMUM COMBINED AGGREGATE LIABILITY HEREUNDER FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER IN ANY CALENDAR YEAR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE MATTERS DESCRIBED ABOVE EXCEED TWENTY-FIVE UNITED STATES DOLLARS (U.S. $25.00).
By participating in the Program you hereby agree: (a) to release us and all of our affiliates, subsidiaries, franchisees, Program partners, vendors, distributors and independent contractors, and each of their officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all liability, loss or damage incurred with respect to the issuance, receipt, possession, and/or use or misuse of any reward; (b) under no circumstances will you be permitted to obtain rewards for, and you hereby waive all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential, special or any other damage or loss, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses; (c) all causes of action or claims arising out of or connected with the Program, or any reward shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (d) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, excluding attorneys' fees and court costs..
No Warranty
WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM AND THE WEBSITE.
Governing Law
Your application for enrollment, participation, and redemption of rewards in connection with the Program are subject to our verification and acceptance, which acts shall be deemed made, performed, transacted, and closed in the State of Texas, USA. By participating in the Program, you agree that the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to any conflict of laws rules, will govern your and our observance of these Terms.
General
If we fail to act with respect to your breach or anyone else's breach of these Terms on any occasion, we do not waive our right to act with respect to future or similar breaches.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding your participation in the Program, your entitlement to earn rewards through the Program, and your entitlement to any other benefits of the Program, and supersede all prior agreements between us, whether oral or written, including, without limitation, all previous versions of these Terms.
If any provision of these Terms (including limitations of liability) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid, contrary to law, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be deemed changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent allowed by law and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
We are the final authority as to the interpretation of these Terms and as to any other questions or disputes regarding the Program or any reward.
If you have any problems or questions, just contact us at https://www.tgifridays.com/contactUs.
OK