http://www.conversionruler.com/privacy.php
Measure Your Marketing
Home
Features
Pricing
Sign up
Questions?
Support
Customer Login
ConversionRuler Tracking Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to visitors to web sites
tracked by ConversionRuler
ROI Tracking.
For ConversionRuler.com customers, review the ConversionRuler Customer Privacy
Policy.
As well, we offer the ability to opt-out of
tracking on a per-browser basis.
ConversionRuler.com ("CR") has created this
web site Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy")
in order to ensure the confidence of visitors ("Visitor")
who use CR Customer's ("Customer")
web sites ("Customer Site") tracked by
ConversionRuler ROI Tracking, and to demonstrate our commitment to
fair information practices and the protection of privacy.
1. Types of Information Collected
A. Traffic Data Collected.
CR automatically tracks and collects the following
information ("Traffic Data") when a Visitor
visits a Customer Site, including Visitor's:
IP address
Type of web browser
Time zone and local computer time
Referring page URL
Page URL they are visiting
Page title
Screen Size
Availability of Java
CR optionally tracks commerce information when a Visitor
visits a Customer Site order receipt page,
including:
Order Amount
Order Number
Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not
personally identify a Visitor but is helpful for
marketing purposes, and for improving a Visitor's
experience on the Customer Site. CR
also uses "cookies" to identify a particular Visitor.
B. Personal Information Collected.
CR does not track any personal information that is
not publicly accessible about a Visitor. Certain
derived information is available based on the following list:
IP Address — (Geographic location, ISP
used, Zip Code
Type of web browser — Type of computer, Operating
System Version, Web Browser Version
Time Zone and local computer time — No
derived information
Referring page URL — Previous page visited
by Visitor
Page URL they are visiting — No derived
information
Page Title — No derived information
Screen Size — No derived information
Availability of Java — No derived
information
Order Amount (depends on site implementation)
— No derived information
Order Number (depends on site implementation)
— No derived information
C. Data and Reports Compiled or Generated through the Services.
As a part of certain of CR's services, CR
compiles and stores data and information and generates reports related
to Visitor's access to and use of CR's
services ("Service Data and Reports").
2. Uses of Information Collected
CR provides Customer with customized reports which
show and display Visitor information in aggregate,
with the ability to review individual transactions used to make up the
aggregate data. CR does not distribute or aggregate Visitor
data for any purposes other than reporting information to Customer.
3. Confidentiality and Security of Personal
Information
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, CR
will keep your Traffic Data
private and will not
share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to:
Comply with a court order or other legal process;
Protect CR's or its Visitor's
rights or property;
To identify persons who may be violating the law or the rights of
third parties;
To cooperate with the investigations of possibly unlawful
activities; or
Enforce our Terms of Service.
Visitor's Traffic Data is stored on
secure servers. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data
accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, CR
has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information CR
collects online that is under CR's control. CR
provides Visitors with the capability to transmit Visitor's
Traffic Data via secured and encrypted channels if Visitor
uses a similarly equipped web browser.
4. Other Limits to Your Privacy
CR is not responsible for the privacy practices or
policies of Customer Sites. CR
encourages users to read the posted privacy policies whenever
interacting with any web site. CR has no control over
the use of your personal information by third party web sites, and Visitor
should exercise caution when deciding to disclose Visitor's
information.
5. Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
CR reserves the right, at any time and without
notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy,
simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any
such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon
posting on the Site. CR welcomes your comments and
questions. Please contact us if you have
comments or questions.
Toll free number: +1 866-622-8636
Copyright © 2002-2020 ConversionRuler All rights reserved.
About
Contact
Glossary
Privacy
Terms