https://www.enercontechnologies.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Below is information about the privacy and data collection practices for the Enercon Technologies website with the URL: EnerconTechnologies.com
You can visit EnerconTechnologies.com without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. Enercon only collects the information necessary to respond to your requests for information and/or when you wish to contact us via the following features: “Contact Us,” sign-up for email or fill out an employment application. In these instances, we may ask for your name, email address, and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services.
If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by Enercon and may be used by us to support your customer relationship with us. However, we do not share, rent, or sell this information to other companies. You will always be able to ask us to remove your name from our mailing lists.
If you want to take your name off an Enercon mailing list, or wish to update your information (e.g., change your email address), you may do so at any time. Whenever you request, we will remove your personal information from future mailings and eMailings made by us. To request having your name removed from future mailings of this type, or to update your information, please contact us at the address or phone number listed below.
EnerconTechnologies.com may provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave our website, we have no control or responsibility over the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Additionally, Enercon uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the website. The tool uses “cookies” to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For more information visit Google Analytics privacy practices in this regard.
Enercon Technologies may from time to time revise its privacy policy. To keep abreast of any such revisions you should visit this page periodically for any updates. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with EnerconTechnologies.com you can write, phone or email us at the address below:
Enercon Technologies
25 Northbrook Drive
Gray, Maine 04039
Phone: 207.657.7000
Quality Policy
Enercon Technologies strives to ensure a highly qualified and motivated workforce who, together with management, are committed to the continual improvement of the effectiveness of the Quality Management System and will provide products and services that meet or exceed our customers' expectations.
View Our Success Stories:
Demand Driven Inventory Process Success Story
Vein-Imaging Medical Device Success Story