http://www.dynatronics.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
INVESTORS
CONTACT US
SHOP
INDUSTRIES
Private Practice / Physical Therapy
Chiropractors
Sports Medicine
Hospital Rehab
Post-Acute Care
Dealers
ABOUT
Careers
Corporate Policies
RESOURCES
BLOG
Privacy Policy
Dynatronics Corporation and its divisions (referred to as "Dynatronics", "we", "us" and "our") respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Websites and online areas, participates in interactive bulletin boards or forums, or purchases Dynatronics or its divisions products on-line. Dynatronics divisions include, but not limited to Bird & Cronin Inc. and Hausmann industries. This statement outlines the information Dynatronics and its divisions will collect and how we will use that information. This Security and Privacy Statement will apply to your use of Dynatronics websites including, but not limited to Dynatronics.com, shop.dynatronics.com, birdcronin.com, store.birdcronin.com, hausman.com, or any other Website owned or operated by Dynatronics or its divisions. This policy statement will also instruct you on what to do if you want Dynatronics or its divisions to remove your personal information collected or stored during previous visits to the Dynatronics Websites.
Privacy Policy
Information that Dynatronics Collects
Dynatronics collects both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. Dynatronics will not collect or retain any information about you personally (that is, your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily. We will collect information from the Dynatronics websites in several ways. If you register for an online account, we will ask you for personal information including your name, zip code, e-mail address and phone number. This personal information will be stored in your personal profile. Once you have submitted this information and chosen both a valid username and password, you will be able to take full advantage of using the Dynatronics websites. When you make a purchase from the Dynatronics websites, we will also ask for your credit card information, as well as, billing and shipping information. We will send out confirming e-mails whenever you register or make a purchase, to inform you that we received your personal information or to confirm your purchase.If you do provide us with personal information, we may retain and use that information for several purposes. First, we may store and process the information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. Second, we may retain information about your previous purchases of Dynatronics products in order to customize our Website services for your future visits to the site. Third, we may use your e-mail address to send you updates about new products, specials and other items of interest. If you have already submitted this information and would like to remove it, you can delete this information from your personal profile. However, if you made a purchase, we will need to retain certain information for billing and shipping purposes.
Dynatronics will collect Non-Personal Information about usage and service operation that is not associated with your specific personal identity. Non-Personal Information we collect may include, but not limited to the pages you visit on the Site, the length of time you spend on those pages, the type of browser you use or your IP address. Because Non-Personal Information is amassed technologically without user intervention, Dynatronics is able to collect Non-Personal Information with regard to every visitor to the Site.
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
Dynatronics may share your Personal Information with its representatives and agents in order to provide the above-described services. These representatives and agents will handle your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy. Dynatronics additionally may share your Personal or Non-Personal Information with third parties who process information on behalf of Dynatronics for the purpose of carrying out administrative or technological support functions. As permitted by law, Dynatronics may be required to disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information to third parties with which Dynatronics has entered into joint venture agreements or other strategic alliances about which you have sought information, or in the event of our sale, merger, reorganization or other similar transaction. Finally, Dynatronics may be required to disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information to the appropriate authorities in special cases when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with applicable law or regulation; (b) to identify or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions of Use or the Policy; (c) to protect any Site user's rights, property or safety; (d) to protect our rights, property or safety; or (e) to take precautions against our legal liability.
Cookies
When you view one of the Dynatronics websites, we may store some information in the form of a "cookie" or similar file that is automatically downloaded to your computer. Cookies enable us, among other things, to tailor a Website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. Please be assured that cookies are safe. They are not programs that can be used to damage files, and personal information cannot be gathered from them. If you do not want cookies sent to or stored on your system, most Internet Browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, prevent them from being stored or trigger a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Correcting Your Personal Information
If you registered with us, you will be able to view and change or modify some information contained in your personal profile by using the editing tools contained in the profile section of the Dynatronics websites.
Links to Other Sites
We cannot ensure the protection of any personal information that you provide to a third-party site that links to or from the Dynatronics websites, since these third-party sites are owned and operated independently. These third-party sites may have their separate privacy and data collection practices that are beyond our control. Any personal information that you provide to these third-party sites will be regulated by their privacy policy, if any. Dynatronics can assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of these third-party sites, and cannot be responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
Security Precautions
We are aware that you may be concerned about the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information, including, in the case of a purchase of goods, credit card and billing address information. Therefore, we have taken precautions to ensure that this information is safe and secure. If you registered with us, your online account information is protected by a password chosen by you. Access to that online account requires your username and password. We recommend that you do not disclose your username and password to any other person. Additionally, concerning credit card information, we protect your transactions using a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If your browser is capable of SSL, and most are, your sensitive information will automatically be encrypted before being sent over the Internet. You should also know that we do not store your credit card or ordering information on our Internet server.
No data transmission over the Internet will be 100% secure. While we take steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Upon receiving your transmission, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. However, you are ultimately responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username, passwords and/or any account information.
Use and Distribution of My Information
Dynatronics, its representatives or agents or other third parties acting on Dynatronics's behalf may, from time to time, send you e-mail or direct mail regarding Dynatronics's business. If you do not want to receive such information, e-mail us at webmaster@dynatronics.com.
Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Website, you agree to this Security and Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Dynatronics websites. Dynatronics reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Your continued use of the Dynatronics websites following the posting of changes to our Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of those changes.
If you have questions regarding this Policy you may contact Dynatronics at webmaster@dynatronics.com.
Dynatronics Corporation
7030 Park Centre Dr.
Salt Lake City, Utah 84121
Toll-free: 800-874-6251
Contact Us Today!
Other Divisions of Dynatronics
Hausmann Industries
Bird & Cronin
Copyright © 2020 Dynatronics Corporation, all rights reserved. Devices: patented and patents pending. | Privacy Policy