http://www.sealord.com/privacy-policy/
Sealord
Phone: 0800 732 5673
Privacy Policy
Sealord collects certain information about individuals.  However, at Sealord your privacy is important to us and we want to be sure that you understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we might collect, hold and use this information.  This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and hold, how we collect it and hold it, what we do with it, your rights to view, correct or change it, who we share this information with and how you may complain about privacy matters.
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner in New Zealand (http://www.privacy.org.nz) provides further details of the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993 and how it protects personal information in New Zealand.
What personal information we collect, use and hold
We may collect, use and hold personal information that is reasonably necessary or directly related to our business, functions or activities. The following is the kinds of personal information we may collect and hold from you:
your name, address, contact number(s) and email address;
information about your preference for goods or services we offer;
details of any prize(s) you have won;
a record of any queries or complaints you have made.
While providing this information is optional for you, some of our services may not be available to you if you chose not to provide this information.
How we collect and hold personal information
Your personal information may be collected by us from:
information you provide to us (including through our website, social media or mobile apps);
orders you place or purchases you make;
competitions you enter;
queries you make;
Referrals from individuals or other entities.
We may also collect and hold Aggregated Data relating to use of our websites.  This information is generated by our traffic tracking systems as you move through our sites.  This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.
Why we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information
We may use the personal information we collect from you to:
inform you of products, services or publications we think you might be interested in;
provide you with products or services that you request;
confirm your identity;
contact you directly about Sealord, special offers, newsletters and samples;
enter you into competitions, and contact you if you win;
provide you with answers to any queries you may have;
undertake any marketing, promotional, publicity, direct marketing or market research;
for any other purposes for which you have given consent or for which your consent is reasonably implied.
Who we share personal information with
We may disclose your personal information to related companies (such as our parent and subsidiary companies), business partners, or to third parties for the purpose of providing services to us, including:
mailing houses;
advertising and marketing agencies;
consumer and market research companies;
credit reference agencies or other credit providers;
Government and statutory authorities;
or as required by law.
Disclosing personal information overseas
It is unlikely that we would disclose your personal information to overseas recipients other than those mentioned above.We will only disclose personal information to an overseas recipient for the primary purpose for which it was collected and it is reasonably necessary or directly related to Sealord’s business, functions and activities, unless an exception applies.
How we protect personal information
We may store your personal information on computer databases and/or in hard copy and will take reasonable precautions to ensure that collected and held personal information is secure and protected against loss, interference, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure, or other misuse. This includes physical, computer and network, communications and personnel protection.
Access and correction
The New Zealand Privacy Act 1993 gives you the right to access and correct this information. To find out more about how to do this, please contact us at privacy.officer@sealord.co.nz. If you would like to access a copy of, or update, your personal information that we hold (except in cases established by law), please contact the Privacy Officer at privacy.officer@sealord.co.nz.
Complaints and enquiries related to personal information
If you would like to express a concern relating to the treatment of your personal information by us, please contact us at privacy.officer@sealord.co.nz and we will seek to address that concern or assist you in laying a formal complain
Updates
We may update this privacy policy from time to time.