http://www.managementfutures.co.uk/privacy-policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Management Futures Consulting Ltd (“Management Futures”) knows the value of your privacy, and we have created this privacy policy to ensure that you understand our policies and procedures, what personal information you may provide if you wish to use the Site and, ultimately, just how we use such personal information.
Information Collected By Management Futures
Management Futures will only collect and store personally identifiable information about persons who visit this site and voluntarily submit information and ‘opt-in’ to receive further communications when contacting Management Futures.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Management Futures will only use the personal information we collect to contact you about our products and services if you have provided us explicit permission to do so. We do not sell your information to third parties. For example, we will not sell another company your name or email address. Unless you consent to the disclosure of your personal information, only we, our technical support, and other third parties who make our site available, enhance its functionality, or provide site related services have access to this information.
Non-Personal Data
In some cases, we may collect non-personal information such as the type of internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system application software and peripherals you are using and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site. We use your information on an aggregated basis to do such things as operate our site and improve our site.
Cookies
This site uses some unobtrusive cookies to store information on your computer. Some cookies on this site are essential, and the site won’t work as expected without them. These cookies are set when you submit a form or interact with the site by doing something that goes beyond clicking on simple links.
This website doesn’t store any information that would, on its own, allow Management Futures to identify individual users of this site without their explicit permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Management Futures uses Google Analytics to monitor visits to this website. Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither Management Futures or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a returning visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.
This site runs on the Expression Engine CMS. Expression Engine uses cookies to track your session on the site. No personal information is stored in these cookies, only timestamps related to that browser session.
Opt Out Procedures
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and The Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA) you have a number of rights with regard to your personal data. You have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, the right to restrict processing, object to processing as well as in certain circumstances the right to data portability.
If you no longer wish to take advantage of this site or to receive any form of direct contact from Management Futures, whether it is email, newsletters, or other promotional offers or materials, or wish us to delete your personal information from our data records, send us a request marked “Privacy”, address as follows: info@managementfutures.co.uk
Management Futures is not responsible for removing information from third-party lists or databases of any kind.
Reviewing or changing your information
If you have provided consent for the processing of your data you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time which will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent was withdrawn.
In order to ensure that the information we maintain is accurate, Management Futures gives users the option to change or modify their information previously provided. If you would like to change your information currently in our database, please contact us at: info@managementfutures.co.uk
Management Futures is not responsible for updating information contained in third-party lists or databases.
Security
We are committed to taking reasonable steps to ensure the security of your information. To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put into place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us or information stored on the Site or our servers, will be completely free from unauthorised access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the site demonstrates your assumption of this risk.
Privacy Precaution Warning
Please note that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit via our online services.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or any aspect of content or offer on this site, please contact info@managementfutures.co.uk
Or write to us at: Management Futures Ltd, 409 Metal Box Factory, 30 Great Guildford Street, London SE1 0HS
Home
What We Do
Our People
Our Clients
Books
Insight
Contact
My Basket (0)
We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience. If you continue, we'll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. See our privacy policy for more information.