http://www.ghilaser.com/privacy-security/
Toggle navigation
> Home
> Company Profile
Why GHI
Company History
Sister Companies
> Services
Engineering
Sheet Laser Cutting
Tube Laser Cutting
Welding
CNC Forming
Tube Bending
Secondary Operations
> Completed Products
> Facility & Equipment
Metal Processing
CNC Tube Bending
Welding
Press Brakes
Laser Etching
Machine Shop
Other Equipment
Stocked Material
Material Handling
> Contact
Call 262-670-9444
> Careers
> Company News
> Call 262-670-9444
Glenn Hepfner Inc.
2133 Constitution Ave.
Hartford, WI 53027
Ph 262-670-9444
Fx 262-670-9400
ghisales@ghilaser.com
Privacy & Security
Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated values its customers and all technically feasible steps are taken to protect their privacy.
We do not sell or rent personal information. In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing the privacy practices for the entire site. Additional terms and conditions, if any, regarding the collection and use of your information may also be provided to you before you sign up for a particular service.
What Information is Collected
In general, when you visit our website and access information, you remain anonymous. Personal information from visitors to our website is collected on a voluntary basis only and an explanation is provided as to its use at the time it is requested. This collected personal information is used to respond to online queries, supply requested information on Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated products and services, enable online sales, ship ordered products, establish approved links, and for internal market analysis. Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated collects certain information from and about its users in three ways -- directly from the user, from our server logs, and with cookies.
From time to time, our company will release special pricing, sales and updates via email to our customers and dealers. Users of this site agree to accept emails from GHI/HRP upon registering for the website, purchasing from the site and or via inquiries related to products and services contained within. GHI/HRP does not sell nor offer its customers or dealers email addresses to any outside parties and uses them only for inside use in relation to information valuable to our customers. Users may opt out of these emails at anytime via the opt-out option or by simply contacting: hrpsales@ghilaser.com with the subject line: OPT OUT.
User-Supplied Information
When you sign up for one of our services (such as our e-mail news list) we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, and some other personal information. The more accurate information you volunteer, the better we are able to customize your website experience.
Server Log Information
When you visit a website, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the site or page that offered a link to our page). Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to its site. This information helps us identify which areas of our site are of interest to our visitors. We review the IP addresses of our visitors for the purposes of system administration, to improve the content of our pages, and to verify web traffic to our site.
Cookies
"Cookies" are simply pieces of information that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. The use of cookies is relatively standard and you will likely find them used on other major websites. Cookies allow us to provide you with a more personalized, convenient experience. For example, we may use cookies to help remind us of who you are and to deliver content and services based on your account information.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that certain areas of many sites may not function properly if you set your browser to not accept cookies or if you reject a cookie. Many anti-spyware/adware programs flag and/or delete persistent cookies like ours just to be on the safe side, but our cookies will never adversely affect the performance of your computer or your browser.
How We Protect Your Information
We use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information once it is in our records. Your access to some services and content is password protected.
The privacy and protection of your personal information is vitally important to us. Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated does not make personal information available to any third parties without your permission. Companies under the direct control of Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated may share information with one another, but all such companies are equally committed to protecting your privacy. Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our efforts to protect your personal information, Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
How You Can Help Protect Your Information
We recommend that you do not divulge your user name and password to anyone. Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. In addition, if applicable, you should remember to sign out of your Hepfner Racing Products account or service at the end of each session. You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work, especially if you share a computer with someone else, or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
You should remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, such as on message boards, through e-mail, discussion groups, or in chat areas, your information can be collected and used by others, and you do so at your own risk. You are also solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords you set up and/or any account information.
Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without permission of the child's parent or legal guardian. Children under the age of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. Where appropriate, Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated will instruct children not to submit personal information. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may do so by contacting the Website/Marketing Manager at Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated at (262) 670-9444 and reasonable efforts will be used to comply with your request.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other third party sites. We take steps to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. However, we are not responsible for the privacy standards and practices of third parties. Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated strives to keep online visitor information secure against unauthorized access and use.
How to Correct Inaccuracies
If you sign up for one of our services, we may send you a confirmation e-mail confirming your new account and/or service. The message will be sent to the address that you supplied us and will describe ways for you to change or delete the account information provided. Remember to keep the confirmation e-mail as it will also contain information that will help you in case you run into problems accessing our services.
Amendments to Our Web Site Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time, amend our Privacy Policy. If we do, then we will post such amendments to this document so that you may always have access to our most recent policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time. If, at any point, we decide to disclose personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by e-mail. You will be given the choice at that time to "opt-out" of any disclosures of your personal information that you made available to us prior to the change in our policy.
Quality Customer Experience
Glenn Hepfner, Incorporated is committed to quality customer experience. We are constantly reviewing your feedback to improve and enhance your shopping experience. You can tell us what you think by contacting our customer service department (414) 670-9444.
Top