https://www.planetdds.com/privacy-policy
Denticon
Operations
Reporting
Clinical
IT
Denticon Difference
Apteryx Imaging
XVWeb®
XrayVision®
Training & Education
Resources
COVID-19 Resource Hub
Blog
Press Releases
Support
Training & Education
Videos & Webinars
Denticon Status
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
History
Our Partners
Advisory Group
Login
Get a Demo
Privacy policy
Planet DDS respects the privacy of our online visitors and has constructed and administers this web site accordingly. Planet DDS may use “cookie” technology with respect to this site, but makes such use only to obtain non-personal information from online visitors. This information will be used only as necessary to permit functionality of the web site or to enhance the user’s on-line experience. For example, we may track the number of visitors using portions or features of the site in order to improve the site and the manner in which it is used and to develop new features.
Planet DDS only gathers personally identifiable information (such as name and email address) when these are voluntarily submitted by a visitor. Any and all such information collected by us is used for our internal business purposes only.  Except as set forth in this policy, we will not allow such collected information to be sold, traded or viewed by any third party. The only other exceptions to this are when you give us your consent to share this information, when we need to share your information to provide a service that you have requested, or when we are required by law to disclose information. You will not receive e-mail as a result of visiting this site unless you request it. Planet DDS may transfer your information to any successor to its business as a result of any merger, acquisition, asset sale, bankruptcy proceeding, or similar transaction or event, with such successor bound by the terms of this policy with respect to its use and disclosure of such information.
Planet DDS houses subscriber information in a compliant customer relationship management system (CRM) with two-way encryption. Furthermore, any subscriber that would like to be removed from all communications from Planet DDS can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe button found in the footer of our emails or by replying to the email with their request to be removed. Once unsubscribed, Planet DDS permanently deletes all contact information. Subscribers also have the right to access or modify their contact information at any time by reaching out to Planet DDS HERE.
Planet DDS has no intention of accepting any information from individuals under the age of 18. If you are not 18 or over, please leave this site immediately. Parents are urged to monitor and supervise their children’s on-line activity.
Planet DDS reserves the right to change this policy at any time without prior notice. Please be sure to check this page periodically for updates to this policy.
This policy describes the information practices of Planet DDS in connection with this web site. This policy does not govern web sites of other parties to which we may provide links. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of or the data available on the web sites of third parties, and we urge you to evaluate the soundness of these practices and data for yourself.
Denticon
Request a Demo
Login
Support
System Requirements
Resources
Videos
Blog
Press releases
FAQs
Company
About us
Careers
EHR Costs and Limitations
Contact Us
Sign up for our updates on the dental industry.
© Planet DDS 2020 | Privacy Policy