http://www.peanutsusa.com/apc-privacy-policy.html
703-838-9500 info@peanutsusa.com
APC Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the American Peanut Council website. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.Here is how we handle information about your visit to our Web site:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our Web site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the APC Web site from another Web site, the address of that Web site.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors - to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors are using. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
If You Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an e-mail to APC, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it to us through our Web site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us locate for you the information you have requested. We only share the information you give us if required by law.
Links to Other Sites
Our Web site has links to other websites. Once you access another site through a link that we provide, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Website Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to our users, we use software programs to our monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes.   Comments or Questions
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please forward them to info@peanutsusa.com.
A  P  C    I  N  T  E  R  N  A  T  I  O  N  A  L
Information For
Media & Press APC Privacy Policy FAS Compliance Statement Terms & Conditions DHS CFATS Program
About APC
APC Supplier List The Peanut Industry About APC APC News Brief * Peanuts in the Media * Fast Facts About Peanuts Events Industry Events Calendar International Peanut Forum 2020 APC Annual Winter Conference Virtual Crop TourIndustry Info
Covid-19 Information USDA Reports Allergy Information Position Statements * Food Safety Information Food Safety Modernization Act * Tote Bag Specifications Sustainability Health & Nutrition Good Management Practices *Exports
Export Promotion H.S. Codes for Peanuts Export Statistics * Export Market Research * Foundation APC Members
Tweets by pnutsusa