https://www.homeruninnpizza.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Oct 7 / 2020
Home Run Inn – Privacy Policy
Home Run Inn values your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Home Run Inn, Inc. (“HRI”), and how we collect information from you when you visit and use HRI’s websites, mobile or tablet applications, or other on-line services or platforms, sweepstakes (“Services”).
HRI does not generally require your personal information to visit and use the Services. However, if you choose to participate in certain activities associated with the Services, such as providing general comments or making purchases from our on-line Company Store, you may be required to provide your personal information. When you provide personal information through the Services, you are agreeing to our collection and use of such information as described in this Privacy Policy, subject to additional terms stated herein.
Overview of Use of Services and Information Collected
For each visitor to or user of HRI’s Services, HRI’s web server automatically recognizes and stores computer-readable information, such as the visitor’s IP address and domain name combination. This is typically anonymous information automatically provided by your computer. HRI uses this information to follow visitor traffic patterns through the Services to improve user experience. If your Internet browser employs blocking or “Do Not Track” technology that limits recognition or the collection of such computer-readable information, HRI will not alter or bypass such technology. HRI does not provide access to third parties to track your personal information through your use of the Services.
When you visit or use the Services, HRI may use “cookies” to store certain information on your computer that allows us to customize your visit to HRI’s Services or to simply facilitate signing in to the Services. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but your browser settings can be adjusted to erase or block cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
In order to provide some of our services to you, including on-line purchases or comment entries, HRI may ask for some of your personal information, including your email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, or persistent identifier (such as a customer number held in a cookie). You should provide such personal information accurately, so we can communicate with you, perform services for you, or process your requests relating to any of your information that we have.
If you need to inform us about any changes to your personal information, or any changes you wish to make to HRI’s retention of your information, you can contact us through the “Contact Us” page at www.homeruninnpizza.com or by using the contact information below.
What information does Home Run Inn collect from you?
In addition to the information described above that HRI may collect through your use of the Services (e.g., IP addresses, cookies), including but not limited to, setting up account information, filling out surveys, entering sweepstakes, corresponding with Home Run Inn or its affiliates, or otherwise volunteering information about yourself. HRI may have collected the following types of information that could constitute “Personal Information”:
Identifiers: names, signatures, aliases, postal addresses, telephone numbers, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, Internet Protocol addresses, e-mail addresses, Social Security numbers, driver’s license numbers, passport numbers, employment history, credit card numbers, bank account numbers, debit card numbers, medical information, health insurance information, or other similar identifiers;
Information protected against security breaches: names, Social Security numbers, driver’s license numbers, passport numbers, credit card numbers, bank account numbers, debit card numbers;
Protected legal characteristics: race, gender, etc.;
Commercial information: product shipment addresses, purchase histories;
Internet activity: information on customers’ interactions with the Services, interaction with social media sites maintained by HRI;
Audio information;
Employment information: employment history within or outside HRI;
Educational information from education history;
Geolocation data; and/or,
Inferences about personal preferences: use of or visits to the Services; product purchases and reviews.
Please note that different jurisdictions may have varying definitions for Personal Information. You should check with local resources to determine how Personal Information is defined where you reside.
Sources of Information Collected by HRI
HRI may collect personal information through these sources:
Customers providing information directly to HRI, such as through HRI’s “Contact Us” page, calls or e-mail made to our Customer Service department, or calls or e-mail to other HRI departments;
Customers using the Services;
Employment applications;
Points of purchase for HRI’s products and services;
Social media sites maintained by HRI;
On-line purchases or donations;
Vendor data used to provide services to HRI;
Information provided at HRI events or locations;
Information provided to obtain HRI food services; and/or,
Geographic data and preferences from use of mobile applications.
What will Home Run Inn do with your information?
When HRI receives your personal information, we may use your information or disclose your personal information to third parties in the following instances:
you request or authorize it;
to satisfy a reason or request for which you provided the information;
to complete a transaction, donation, purchase, or payment;
to prevent fraud;
to respond to communications from you;
to process employment applications or employment history inquiries;
to help you locate HRI restaurant locations;
to provide, personalize, develop, and support the Services and other services provided by HRI;
to perform research on consumer preferences and habits;
to comply with laws, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, and legal investigations;
to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements;
to protect the rights, property, safety, and security of HRI, you, and others;
to allow our agents, outside vendors, or service providers to perform functions on our behalf, such as order processing, merchandise shipments, and application processing; and/or,
for other purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may also gather aggregated data about you and disclose such aggregated data, without any personally identifiable information, to third parties for research purposes.
Purposes for Transactions of Personal Information
HRI does not sell your personal information to third parties for monetary consideration. HRI may have used or disclosed personal information to trusted third parties for business purposes. These business purposes include:
Security: protecting against fraud and malicious activity;
Related personal information: credit card numbers, debit card numbers, bank account information, names;
Short-term use: contextual ad customization that does not involve or contribute to profiling;
Related personal information: IP addresses, geolocation data, social media identifiers;
Performing services: customer service; processing transactions; marketing;
Related personal information: name, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, addresses, credit card numbers, debit card numbers, bank account information, geolocation data, purchase histories;
Internal research to develop or demonstrate technology;
Related personal information: geolocation data, social media identifiers, IP addresses, product purchases and reviews, unique personal identifiers;
Testing or improving the Services or other products and services provided by HRI;
Related personal information: geolocation data, social media identifiers, IP addresses, e-mail addresses, voicemail, product purchases and reviews, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers;
Processing job applications and providing employment opportunities; and/or,
Related personal information: names, signatures, aliases, postal addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, Social Security numbers, driver’s license numbers, passport numbers, employment history, race, gender, education history.
HRI only shares this personal information to the extent necessary to fulfill these business purposes. HRI requires such third parties to maintain security measures to ensure privacy and security for personal information.
Third Party Sites
HRI’s Services and communications through the Services may contain links and pointers to other third-party websites, including, without limitation, advertising and social media platforms. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these third-party websites, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices, policies, or content of any such third-party websites, even if you link to them through the Services or communications related to the Services. We have no control over how such third-party websites collect or use personal information, and we have no responsibility for any personal information you provide or content you post on such third-party websites. We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies of any third-party websites that you visit.
Credit Card Purchases
HRI may ask you to provide a credit card number in order to purchase a product. Credit card transactions are processed by a third-party professional payment authorization service selected by HRI to provide added security and reliability. Only the purchase price and the credit card information provided by you are supplied to this third-party service. Information collected during credit card transactions is maintained in the service’s database for accounting and billing purposes and is not released to other third parties. HRI does not maintain a copy of your credit card information on its servers and will not use your credit card information for any purpose other than processing your order.
What Rights Do You Have?
California Consumers: The CCPA allows users of our website that are California consumers to request access to, change, or erase their personal information as collected by Home Run Inn. California consumers are California residents who are either within California or outside of California on a temporary basis. California consumers includes direct customers, employees, and business to business customers. See “Exercising Your Rights” below for further information.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability: California residents have the right to request that HRI disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the 12 months prior to the date of the inquiry. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose the categories of Personal Information we have collect about you and the category of the source of the Personal Information, our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal Information, the categories of third parties with whom we shared that Personal Information and the recipient category of any third party who received information for a business purpose, and a copy of the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
Right to Request Information About Disclosure to Third Parties: You may request information about our disclose of personal information to third parties or affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please follow the instructions in the “Exercising Your Rights” section.
Deletion Request Rights. You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete your Personal Information and direct our service providers to delete your Personal Information. The following exceptions may apply, and we may deny your request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information;
Take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you;
Perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents or protect against malicious or illegal activity;
Comply with any other relevant California or federal law;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and/or,
Make other internal and lawful uses of that Information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights. You have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt out”). The law defines “sale” more broadly than you may believe. “Sale” covers the transfer of Personal Information to any third party in exchange for valuable consumer information. We do not transfer your information to third parties in exchange for money, but we may transfer Personal Information to third parties to operate our business. To exercise the right to opt-out, you or your authorized representative may submit a request to us by filling out the California Consumer Privacy Act Opt-Out Form. Once you make an opt-out request, we are required by law to wait at least 12 months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales, but you may change your mind and opt-in by emailing us. Customers who opt-in may opt-out of future sales at any time.
There are some exceptions to opting out. We can transfer data to a service provider even if you opt out. A service provider is a business that agrees not to use your information for any purpose other than providing the services specified in our contract, like a business partner that manages our data security. We can also transfer your information to a third party if it is necessary to process an order or other transaction to which you have agreed and directed us to complete. Collecting information and using that information ourselves for internal, reasonable business activity is not a sale. If you opt-out, we may still collect and process your Personal Information for our internal purposes. Opt-out also applies only to Personal Information; information that has been anonymized and aggregated is no longer Personal Information and opting out will not limit our ability to transfer this kind of data to third parties.
There are also reasonable technical limitations on opting out. Where we can reasonably determine that information relates to you, and you submit a verifiable consumer request to opt-out of data sales, we will not “sell” it to third parties. However, if we are unable to determine that information relates to you, it will not be covered by an opt-out request.
Opting out is not unsubscribing from marketing messages from us. Please follow the unsubscribe link in any email communications from Home Run Inn to unsubscribe to email communications.
How do I exercise my rights as a California Consumer?
If you are a California Consumer, you have certain privacy rights under the CCPA. You may only make two requests as described below over a 12 month period. To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights reserved to California consumers, a consumer may submit a verifiable consumer request by either:
– Accessing our web form at https://www.homeruninnpizza.com/contact/; or
– By physically mailing your request to:
Home Run Inn
1300 Internationale Parkway
Woodridge, IL 60517
Only you or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a one-year period.
A verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information (or an authorized representative thereof), and must describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to a request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the Personal Information relates to you.
We will endeavor to respond to all verifiable consumer requests within 45 days. If we require more time, up to 90 days total, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Security
HRI takes great care in maintaining the security of your personal information and in preventing its unauthorized access by employing appropriate technology and internal procedures. However, HRI does not guarantee that unauthorized access is completely preventable in every circumstance, as no method of electronically storing or transmitting data is completely secure. It is highly recommended that you monitor your credit card activity and use of your personal information on a regular basis.
Notice Regarding Minors
HRI strongly believes in protecting and maintaining the privacy rights of children. HRI’s Services are not intended to be used by or targeted to children under age 13. We do not intend to collect personal information through our Services from children under age 13. If we receive actual knowledge that we have collected any individually identifiable information about a child under age 13, we will delete that information and not use or disclose the child’s information except as may be required by law. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe your child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, you can write us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy or through the “Contact Us” page at www.homeruninnpizza.com. Please use “COPPA Information Request” in the subject line of your communication.
HRI does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 18 (or under the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence) without permission from a parent or guardian. HRI strongly encourages all parents to supervise their children’s on-line activities and regularly monitor their children’s use of the Internet, including use of HRI’s Services. Parents should consider using parental control tools and other services to assist them in supervising their children’s on-line use or on-line disclosure of their name, address or other personal information without parental consent.
Request to Remove Posts by Minors
If you are under age 18 and you posted content on one of HRI’s Services that you no longer want anyone to see, you can send a request to HRI to remove that content. To send a request, contact HRI’s Customer Service Department using the information and instructions on the “Contact Us” page at www.homeruninnpizza.com or write us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will review your request and determine whether your request is appropriate for proper removal of content. You should be aware that even if HRI attempts to remove content per your request, this does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content posted on HRI’s Services.
This provision only applies to HRI’s Services and does not apply to any websites operated by third parties that may have content related to HRI and its Services, such as social media sites. Also, this provision only applies to content that you post yourself and does not apply to content posted by third parties, even if it refers to you.
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Aggregated Information
HRI may collect, aggregate, and maintain anonymous information about our Services’ users, such as interests, purchasing habits, and the like. HRI may use this information for tailoring content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our users. HRI may also share such aggregate information about the Services’ users with business partners and other third parties for the purposes described above.
Consent
Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates. By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy, you are consenting to the collection and processing of all personal information provided by you through your use of the Services and sharing of such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Home Run Inn may revise this Privacy Policy on occasion and will always post the most current version with the Services. For any material change to this Privacy Policy, particularly any change relating to the collection and use of your personal information, we will notify you (for example, by posting a notice with the Services or sending an e-mail to an e-mail address that you had agreed to provide). Your continued use of the Services and/or provision of your personal information constitute your acceptance of our updated Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about our use and protection of your personal information.
Revocations of Policy and Questions
You may revoke acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, request that your e-mail address or other personal information is not shared, or send any other inquiries about our practices relating to personal information and Privacy Policy by:
– Accessing our web form at https://www.homeruninnpizza.com/contact/; or
– By physically mailing your request to:
Home Run Inn
1300 Internationale Parkway
Woodridge, IL 60517
Created Date : 10/7/2020
Menu
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.OkPrivacy Policy