https://www.atma.com.au/cbk/privacy-policy
Member Login
Username
Password
Need help?
Login
Welcome
AboutAims
CBK Mission
MembershipMembership Benefits
Membership Structure
Fee Structure
Application Forms
Member CentreCode of Professional Conduct
Bookkeepers Handbook
CBK Constitution
TrainingFNS10 BAS Agent Registration Skill Set
ResourcesLegislation
Useful Links
CBK Constitution
Complaints
Contact
Certified Bookkeepers
Welcome
About
Membership
Member Centre
Training
Resources
Complaints
Contact
Privacy Policy
The Association of Certified Bookkeepers Inc. (CBK) acknowledges and respects the privacy of individuals. The CBK is bound by the National Privacy Principles. The CBK reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If it is changed, the changes will be posted on the CBK website so that you are always aware of the sort of information collected, how it may be used and under what circumstances it may be disclosed by the CBK.
What Sort of Information does the CBK Collect?
Personal information that we collect and hold usually falls into the following categories:
• Name and contact details including email addresses
• Membership information (including qualifications, positions held and appointments, training and research interest areas etc) submitted and obtained from the member
• Education and Training Information
• Information obtained to assist in providing additional services for the member
• Complaints and Compliments about the member
• Information contained in submissions from members on various topics of interest to CBK members
Why is the information being collected?
CBK primarily holds personal information for the following:
• Offering of member benefits and services
• Delivery of information
• Registration for CPD activities and other events
• Professional recognition and accreditation
• The conferring of prizes and awards
Disclosure of Personal Information
The CBK may use and disclose personal information collected about you:
• For the purpose outlined at the time of collection
• For purposes directly related to those purposes outlined at the time of the collection
• For direct marketing purposes
• To keep you informed of CPD activities and events
• When it is reasonably necessary to protect or enforce the CBK's legal rights or interests or to defend any claim made against the CBK by any person
• When otherwise permitted by the Act
• Where we are under a legal duty to do so, including circumstances where we are under a lawful duty of care to disclose information
We will also confirm membership of the CBK to members of the public, other professional bodies, etc.
We will provide only such information as is required to suppliers and business partners to enable a particular service to be fulfilled.
The CBK develops aggregate (i.e. non individual) reports, which incorporate some of the information. The reports are for use by our business partners or by the CBK to review statistics or analyse trends. However, these reports do not include any personally identifiable information.
The CBK will not use the website to send unsolicited advertising either from itself or from any commercial partner unless the user requests it or is notified that by using a service or area of the website the user may receive such advertising. However members of the CBK may receive from time to time advertising or other electronic material either from the CBK or its commercial partners as a result of their membership status with the CBK or is requested by the user.
The CBK is not responsible for any information gathered by an Advertiser nor does it have control over such information or for the policies of any advertiser. When linking to an advertised site, the user takes full responsibility for such an action and the CBK makes no guarantees or warrantees about the content, safety or other matters relating to advertisers sites.
Disclaimer
Opinions expressed on this website do not necessarily represent those of the CBK. No responsibility is accepted by the CBK for the accuracy of any statement, opinion or advice contained in any of the supplied information. No reader should act on the information contained in this site without appropriate professional advice that addresses all relevant circumstances. Readers should rely on their own enquiries in making any decisions.
This site is linked to servers or web sites maintained by other organisations. The CBK cannot provide any warranty about the accuracy or source of any data set out on those servers or web sites or the content of any file that the user downloads from such a third party site. The CBK does not represent or warrant that any files obtained from or through this site are free from computer viruses or other defects. The user must assume all responsibility for any loss, damage or consequence resulting directly or indirectly from the use of those files.
The CBK takes precautions to safeguard and secure information we may hold on you and will attempt to keep such information up to date. It is important that as a user you keep secure any passwords, usernames or other sensitive material regarding the site. It is the sole responsibility of the user to safeguard such information.
© 2020 CBK   |   ABN 48 379 719 471
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact