http://www.wsta.org/privacy-policy/
My Profile
Join
Events
Resources
Advertising
About
Contact
Join
Events
Resources
Advertising
About
Contact
My Profile
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tweet
The Wall Street Technology Association Privacy & Information Security Policy
Updated: August 24, 2020
1. Introduction
The Wall Street Technology Association (“WSTA,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the WSTA’s website and online products or services controlled by the WSTA where this Privacy Policy is posted (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the Services without being registered with the WSTA or subscribing to a WSTA service and those who have registered with the WSTA or subscribed to a WSTA service. All use of the WSTA’s website or Services is subject to this Privacy and Information Security Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Services. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Updates to this Privacy Policy). Your continued use of the Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
The WSTA’s website and any content on the website is the property of the Wall Street Technology Association (WSTA®) and is intended to be used exclusively by authorized persons, such as WSTA members, sponsors and service providers in furtherance of the WSTA’s mission. Access to or use of the WSTA’s website by anyone else, for any reason, is forbidden and may result in prosecution under applicable state and federal laws. This WSTA website is monitored to the extent necessary to properly administer the system and to investigate suspected cases of misuse. By accessing the WSTA’s website, you consent to such monitoring.
The WSTA website contains forms which require users to provide personal and financial information. The following security measures are in place to ensure maximum information security:
Credit Card information is processed using PayPal and your information is not stored on the WSTA servers. We encourage you to review Paypal’s privacy and data protection polices which can be found at https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/payflowgatewaypp-full.
Membership profiles are not stored anywhere on the WSTA servers. The database is hosted by Advsol https://www.advsol.com/asi/IMIS20/about/legal.aspx in the cloud.
Currently, the WSTA uses your personal profile information for internal business purposes such as billing, customer service and dissemination of information related to the WSTA, as well as to create aggregate reports that do not contain any personally
identifiable profile information.
Unless you opt out, the WSTA may share your contact information (such as name, job title, mailing address and e-mail address), with third parties, such as sponsors, exhibitors and service providers. If you do not want your information shared with third parties, please click here and send the email without any additional words in the body which will stop the sharing of your information but will not unsubscribe you from the WSTA.
2. What Information Do We Collect About You?
The WSTA collects (i) personal data voluntarily supplied by you when you register for the Services, and (ii) tracking information collected as you navigate the Services. In particular, the WSTA collects the following information from and about you:
Registration information – Registration information is information you submit to register for a WSTA service, for example, to create an account, make a purchase, register for an event, enroll in a course, post comments, or receive a newsletter, and may include, but is not limited to, first name, last name, title, mailing and email addresses.
Public data and posts – This may consist of comments or content that you post on the Services and the personal information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, or comments. Public information and posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.
Research and survey data – If you have purchased our products or services or registered for events, education or other programs, we may request that you complete surveys, evaluation forms and/or market research and collect your responses.
Activity data – When you access and interact with the WSTA services, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the WSTA services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information.
Cookies, web beacons and similar technologies – Cookies are small text files placed on your device that uniquely identify your device and which a website can transfer to a consumer’s hard drive to keep records of his or her visit to a website. Web beacons are transparent image files used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. Web beacons may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site. These and related technologies may be used to collect and store information about your usage of the WSTA Services, such as pages you have visited, other content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen. Third party cookies may be used to present advertising to you on other websites based upon your interests and usage of the WSTA website. For more information, see Section 7 below.
3. How is it Used?
We use the personal information we collect from and about you to:
Provide our services, features, products, services, educational programs, and events to you;
Measure and improve those services and features;
Provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries;
Protect the rights of the WSTA and others. There may be instances when we may disclose your personal information, including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of the WSTA, our affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy and security of users of our Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes;
Send marketing communications customized to your interests and needs in accordance with applicable law;
Send surveys, evaluations or research questionnaires related to our products, services, events, educational and related programs;
Send membership and Board ballot information.
Comply with applicable laws or legal process and/or respond to requests from public and government authorities.
4. On What Legal Basis Do We Process Your Personal Information?
We process personal information per applicable law and with transparency and fairness. Our processing activities are conducted for the legitimate purpose of facilitating the WSTA’s business activities, including improving and developing our services, for fraud prevention purposes, and to improve our website users’ experience.
5. How Do We Share Your Personal Information?
The WSTA may share your personal information for the purposes of Section 3 above to the following categories of recipients:
Service providers, who provide products and services of interest to WSTA members and/or help to administer the WSTA’s Services, products, services, research educational programs and events;
WSTA Board of Directors and Committees to better serve the WSTA membership and its evolving needs;
Sponsors and Exhibitors of our events;
Other association members for the purpose of performing trade association business;
Companies which may be the result of any mergers, acquisitions, asset sales, joint ventures, etc.;
Data Analytics Platforms, such as Google Analytics, to compile statistics and perform analysis intended to improve our services and user experience;
Audience Data Providers, who, in certain countries, we may also work with, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and others, to receive audience-based data (such as pixel traffic and conversion data) from them based on non-identifiable information such as IP addresses;
Competent authorities, including law enforcement, in order to comply with applicable laws or court orders.
6. What are your rights regarding your personal information?
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes. You may withdraw your consent to:
Receiving electronic communications from us – If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt-out of receiving these by following the unsubscribe link in our communications or sending a request to the email or postal address in Section 12 of this Privacy Policy.
Our sharing of your personal information with WSTA affiliates or business partners for their marketing purposes – If you would prefer that we do not share your personal information with WSTA affiliates or business partners for their direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by following the unsubscribe link in the communications or sending a request to the email or postal address in Section 12 of this Privacy Policy.
Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with other services. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation or your request for deletion, to comply with applicable law. By providing your information you consent to the retention of your information as described herein.
7. Cookies
We use, and allow certain third parties to use, cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies to enhance our Services and to help collect data. We, or third parties, may use session cookies or persistent cookies. Session cookies only last for the specific duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device’s hard drive until you delete them or they expire at thirteen months. Different cookies are used to perform different functions, which we explain below:
Essential – Some cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using. These cookies allow us to remember choices you make on our websites, such as your preferred language and the country from which you are visiting, and provide enhanced, more personalized features.
Performance and Analytics – We use our own cookies and/or third-party cookies to see how you use our websites and services in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to your preferences. We use Google Analytics, for example, to track website usage and activity. You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use by indicating your preference using the Google Analytics User Deletion Tool here. Google also provides a complete privacy policy and instructions on opting-out of Google Analytics here. Note that Google’s opt-out mechanism is specific to Google activities and does not affect the activities of other ad networks or analytics providers that we may use.
How to Manage Cookies
There are several ways to manage cookies. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie. Please note, however, that many of the cookies we use are “strictly necessary” cookies. By blocking or deleting them, you will not be able to access certain features of our Services. For more information about cookies and how to block them, please visit allaboutcookies.org.
In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt out of a number of advertising cookies. Please visit www.networkadvertising.org to learn more. Note that opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
8. Security; Retention
The WSTA takes the security and privacy of your personal information seriously. Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Understand that any information that you transfer to us is done at your own risk. If we learn of a data security system breach we may attempt to notify you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. We may post a notice on the Services if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive written notice of a data privacy or security breach.
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
9. Assignment
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personal information we have collected from you.
10. Links to or from other websites
The Services contain links to other websites. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. The WSTA is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the WSTA Services, you should read the applicable Privacy Policy of the other service.
11. Children Under the Age of 13
The Services including our website are not directed at children 13 years of age or younger. We, therefore, shall not intentionally collect information about any user under the age of 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information to us on this website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@wsta.org
12. California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@wsta.org
13. Legal Bases for Processing for European Users
If you are an individual in the European Union, we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). The legal basis may depend on the type of information and how you use the Services. If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information because we have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer receiving communications or utilizing certain Services. Any questions about our use of your personal data or related requests should be addressed to info@wsta.org
14. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please visit this page periodically and review for changes. We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our home page for a reasonable period of time and changing the “Effective Date” above. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes will constitute your acceptance of the changed terms.
15. Contact Us
Your visit to the Services is subject to both this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, where applicable. If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email info@wsta.org or by postal mail at:
Wall Street Technology Association, 620 Shrewsbury Ave. Ste. C, Tinton Falls, NJ 07701
For more information, feel free to call the WSTA office at 1-732-530-8808.
Follow Us:
Sitemap | Privacy | Copyright © © 2020, WSTA®, All Rights Reserved.