http://www.washingtonfederal.com/terms-of-use
WaFd BankTerms of UseTerms and ConditionsEffective 11/16/2015Welcome to WaFd Bank's website. Your use of any portion of WaFd Bank's website ("Site") is subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms"). Before using the Site, please read these Terms as well as our Online Privacy Policy. By accessing the Site, you acknowledge your acceptance of these Terms and our Online Privacy Policy.License Grant and Use Restrictions; Your IndemnificationSubject to the Terms, we grant you a nonexclusive, revocable license to copy or print an unaltered copy of information on this Site to document your contracts and activities with us, but not for any other purpose, including commercial purposes. The trademarks, trade names, and service marks ("Marks") used on this Site belong to WaFd Bank or to various other parties. Information on this Site is copyrighted or protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws, so you may not copy, modify, publicly distribute or display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any Site information, including any Marks (except to the extent such constitutes fair use under the federal Copyright Act).You agree not to alter any Site information and not to use (or allow others to use) this Site or any information obtained from it for any wrongful, unauthorized or unlawful purpose and agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and our agents and affiliates harmless from and against any loss, damage or expense (including attorneys fees) incurred because of any such use.No WarrantiesThe materials on this Site are provided "as is." From time to time, this Site may include information from third parties and/or links to other websites operated by third parties. We make no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the Site or any third-party website to which this Site links, including but not limited to any information or services provided in or through our Site or third-party websites. (All sites, information and services are collectively referenced as the "services.") If you use links to third-party websites, you will leave this Site. These Terms do not apply to any other websites. With respect to this Site and third-party websites, WaFd Bank does not make any warranties regarding the use of the materials, or that the functions contained on this Site or linked third-party websites will be uninterrupted or free from error, that defects will be corrected, or that this Site or any third-party website are free of viruses or other harmful components.VirusesIt is possible to contract a computer virus or similar "disease" by using the internet or materials downloaded from it. You should obtain, use and update computer virus-checking software routinely, even when you are using information that is not obtained from the internet. We cannot guarantee that this Site and any software or other information downloaded from them will be virus or problem free and we disclaim any liability (if any) for viruses and similar problems.Limitation of LiabilityWaFd Bank disclaims liability for any and all claims, losses, costs, expenses (including attorneys' fees), and damages of whatever kind or nature including without limitation general, compensatory, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages ("Damages") based on any theory of liability, in connection with any use of this Site and the information contained herein, the inability to use this Site or the materials on it, the misappropriation of materials, or the loss of, or damage to, materials for any reason, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such Damages.ChangesWe reserve the right to update these Terms from time to time to comply with applicable laws and to reflect changes in our online services. For this reason, we encourage you to periodically review these Terms. If we make changes, we will revise the "Effective/Revised" date shown at the top of the Terms and post the revised Policy on www.wafdbank.com. The changes will become effective when we post the revised Terms. Your visit or use of this Site following such posting means that you accept the revised Terms.Governing LawThese Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Washington, and any applicable federal law. For individual products and services offered by WaFd Bank, the applicable agreements and disclosures may specify that the laws of another jurisdiction govern your use of the account and/or service, and the terms of those disclosures and agreements will continue to apply. WaFd Bank does not represent that the materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use in all locations. This Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 15. By using this Site, you affirm that you are over the age of 15.