https://www.hunterlodge.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Our StoryMeet the TeamOur AwardsOur WorkOur ServicesNewsSay Hi
Hunterlodge Advertising is committed to safeguarding and respecting your privacy when visiting our website. This privacy and cookie policy sets out how we process and use any personal data that you provide to us, or that we may collect as a result of visiting https://www.hunterlodge.co.uk. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and  EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR) the identity of our data controller shall be available upon enquiry by email.What information do we collectAny information that you provide by filling in any forms on our site. This includes provided information at the time of registering to use our site, posting material, requesting further services or subscribing to any service offered by us on the site. We may keep a record of any correspondence if you contact us.CookiesOur websites, along with most other major websites, use ‘Cookies’. ‘Cookies’ are pieces of information that a website transfers to the cookie file on your computer’s hard disk. ‘Cookies’ enable users to navigate around websites and (where appropriate) enable us to tailor the content to fit the needs of visitors who have accessed the site and help us improve the user experience. Without ‘Cookies’ enabled we cannot guarantee that the website and your experience are as we intended it to be.We use technology which allows us to track visitors to the Website so that we can understand how you and other visitors use it. For example, we use this technology to gather the following statistics:• your total number of visits• your total number of page views• how many pages you clicked on• your location• the length of time you spent on the Website• where you arrived from (either directly, via a referring site or search engine)• your connection speed• what browser /operating system /screen resolution you havePersonal dataTo ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy & cookie policy we will endeavour to take all reasonable necessary steps in protecting your privacy. We will do our best to protect your personal data, unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secureWe may use the information held about you in the following ways:To notify you of any changes to our service.To ensure that the content of our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.Where you have consented to be contacted, to provide you with the information, products and services requested from us or in the event that we feel will be of interest to you.To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, should you choose to do so.In allowing ourselves to carry out our obligations concerning any contracts entered into between you and us.Gaining access to your informationWhere required under local law, we will, upon request and payment of any fee stipulated by local law, provide you with all the information we hold about you and which we are obliged to disclose to you. In making this request, please contact enquiries@hunterlodge.co.uk and specify that you require disclosure of your personal information.Do we share the information we receive?The information we receive about you is for our sole marketing purposes only. We do not otherwise disclose information about your individual visits to the Website or information which identifies you to any third parties unless we have your prior consent or unless requested by local regulators and law enforcement officers or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. However, in order to provide an efficient service, certain functions such as hosting, storage fulfillment and disaster recovery are provided by third parties. Where this is the case we will ask those with whom we share data to agree to protect data as we have specified in this Privacy Policy.Third party websitesFrom time to time our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you visit any of these sites please note that they have their own privacy policies and you should check these before submitting any personal data. We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.Our third party data processors We use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in section 2.0. All three of these third parties are EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.We do not sell your personal data information to third parties.Mailchimp (Privacy policy)Google (Privacy policy)Workbooks (Privacy policy)MailchimpIf you choose to join our email newsletter, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to MailChimp who provide us with email marketing services. We consider MailChimp to be a third party data processor. The email address that you submit will not be stored within this website’s own database or in any of our internal computer systems.Your email address will remain within MailChimp’s database for as long as we continue to use MailChimp’s services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.While your email address remains within the MailChimp database, you will receive monthly newsletter-style emails from us.GoogleLike most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see section 6.0 below).GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. FYI our website uses the analytics.js implementation of GA.Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.WorkbooksAny of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalise your experience – your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.To improve our website – we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer service – your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.For marketing purposes – for example, we may send you information regarding Workbooks and its partners, such as details of promotions or events.Relevant LegislationAlong with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR) This site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact our data protection officer.Further informationWe welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy and cookie policy and should you wish to contact us you can find our details on the ‘contact us’ page of our website.Want to see what we can do for you?
Show Me
Take me toServices
Take me toOur Work
Our StoryMeet the TeamOur AwardsOur WorkOur ServicesNewsSay Hi
Quick LinksOur WorkOur ServicesNewsContactWe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Enable All
Save Changes