https://www.siass.co.uk/our-policies/privacy-policy/
Home
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Sutton SEND Information, Advice and Support Service (SIASS) Private Policy
Who are we?
Sutton Special Educational Needs and Disability Information, Advice and Support Service (SIASS)) is a statutory service, that offers impartial information, advice and support to families of children and young people with special educational needs or disabilities.
What are we going to do with your information?
Information is held electronically on a stand-alone database which can only be accessed by SIASS staff. To enable us to provide a service to you, we will ask you for your name and contact details and information about your child that includes name, school, date of birth, ethnicity and area of difficulty.
Once a case is open, we will record any actions undertaken. These may include phone calls or attending a meeting with you. We will use your personal information to provide services or information to you e.g. our termly newsletter, or to create anonymised data for general reporting and statistical purposes.
We may from time to time invite you to take part in surveys to try and improve our service delivery. We will ask for your consent to use and store your personal information (securely, under data protection legislation) and you may give this consent verbally or in writing.
You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. You can ask us to delete your personal information at any time.
Will we share your information with anyone else?
No. Unless we have your permission to do so, we won’t share your personal information with any organisations or individuals outside of SIASS. The only exception would be where a failure to share your personal information would lead to a risk of significant harm to you or others.
Can you see the information we hold about you?
Yes, you can ask to see the personal information that SIASS holds about you. You have the right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in the personal information that we hold about you and you can also choose to reuse your personal information for your own use, e.g. give it to another organisation.
Further Information
The ICO (Information Commissioners Office) is the UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights. Find out more about their work and the legislation they cover by visiting the website. https://ico.org.uk/
How can you get in touch with us?
If you would like to know more how we look after your personal information, or would like to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, you can contact us in the following ways:
Telephone 020 8323 0462 or email siass@cognus.org.uk
In the meantime if you have any comments or views on this policy please contact us at
sutton@siass.co.uk
Jan 2020
Next Review date: Jan 2021
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.