https://www.usask.ca/privacy.php
Automatic Collection, Use and Disclosure of Information
Information Provided Voluntarily in E-mail and Web Forms
Links to Third Party Sites
More information
Automatic Collection, Use and Disclosure of Information
University of Saskatchewan web servers automatically collect and store the following information from its websites:
The Internet Protocol (IP) Address and domain name used for the computer accessing the website.
The type of browser and operating system;
The date and time of the visit and;
The web pages or services accessed.
Information collected automatically is maintained in a secure environment. Summary reports will be used for purposes such as assessing system performance, improving web services and website management. The University will not use this data for other purposes, unless required or permitted by law.
Some University of Saskatchewan websites may distribute a small file to your browser, called a "cookie". Such files allow us to provide you with personalized information on your future visits to our websites and may be used for remarketing purposes. Remarketing targets advertising based on internet activity and may involve third parties such as Google or Facebook displaying advertising or messaging from the university on other sites on the internet.  No personally identifying information is collected with cookies. If you wish, you may change the settings on your web browser to deny cookies or to warn you when cookies will be deposited.
In order to improve website performance and user experience, some University of Saskatchewan websites use a third party web analytics service. Summary reports will be used to improve usability on our sites and to help support the online needs of visitors.
Information Provided Voluntarily in E-mail and Web Forms
Some personal information, including but not limited to name and e-mail address, may be provided voluntarily by users of University of Saskatchewan websites to request services such as newsletter sign up or other communications, image download, online surveys, event registration and other similar services.
Personal information provided voluntarily in an e-mail or by filling out a form will be used only for the purposes for which it is collected. This information may also be shared with our customer service representatives, Webmaster, Web Administrator or other employees as a means to continually improve customer service.
Links to Third Party Sites
University of Saskatchewan websites contain links to other sites. While the University of Saskatchewan endeavours to link to other sites that have similar high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites.
More information
Rayelle Johnston, LL.B., CIAPP-PAccess and Privacy OfficerE288 - 105 Administration PlacePhone: (306) 966-8596E-mail: rayelle.johnston@usask.ca