http://www.bankofamerica.com/security-center/faq/online-privacy/
Skip to main contentOnline Privacy FAQsView questions about:Chip card securityCollecting informationFraud preventionOnline & Mobile BankingOnline privacyProtecting & sharing your informationRecognizing fraudSafePass & IBM® Security Trusteer RapportYour privacy choices——————————————————Need More? Get all FAQs»Go and view FAQ information.PrintExpand all panelsShow all panels | Hide all panelsThe Online Privacy Notice has been updated; have your privacy practices changed?
Does the Consumer Privacy Notice apply to all transactions and other activities I perform while I'm banking online at Bank of America?
Why do you send me a new privacy notice every year?
Do you ever make changes to your Online Privacy Notice?
Do you use cookies?
Can I choose not to accept cookies?
Do you use Flash objects?
Can I delete Flash objects?
What is relationship based advertising?
What is online behavioral advertising?
Can I opt out of online behavioral advertising?
Can I opt out of online behavioral advertising on other sites?
The Online Privacy Notice has been updated; have your privacy practices changed?
Expand all panelsBank of America strives to be an industry leader in transparency in terms of online data collection and use. We review our notice at least annually to ensure it continues to align with our practices and provides clear and current information on how we use information collected from or about you. The updated notice reflects the results of our recent review. Does the Consumer Privacy Notice apply to all transactions and other activities I perform while I'm banking online at Bank of America?
Expand all panelsYes. The Consumer Privacy Notice describes how the company collects, shares and protects personal information about clients in order to conduct business. This Notice applies to all Bank of America clients and their account transactions and other activities performed online as well as offline. Additionally, our Online Privacy Notice explains how we manage the privacy and security of personal and other information collected online. We encourage you to learn more by reading our Online Privacy Notice. Why do you send me a new privacy notice every year?
Expand all panelsAnnual notification is required under the U.S. federal Privacy Law, also known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act layer. We will provide you our privacy notice each year, as long as you maintain a relationship with us. Do you ever make changes to your Online Privacy Notice?
Expand all panelsWe may occasionally make changes or update our Online Privacy Notice. When we do make changes or updates, we will also update the effective date of the policy, which is indicated at the top of the policy. Do you use cookies?
Expand all panelsYes, cookies allow us to remember you, to enhance your experience on our site and to offer you relevant products and services. We use cookies to facilitate site navigation, to monitor responses to our advertisements, and to continually improve our website design and functionality for our account holders and visitors. Can I choose not to accept cookies?
Expand all panelsYes, but if you choose to not accept cookies, you may not be able to access and use all or part of the site or benefit from the information and services offered. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that may be relevant to your individual interests and needs. Do you use Flash objects?
Expand all panelsYes, Flash objects are used as part of our solutions for online authentication to help us recognize you and your device when you come back to our site. We also use Flash objects to determine your browser type and version of Adobe® Flash® in order for you to view our demos and tutorials with moving content. Can I delete Flash objects?
Expand all panelsYes, but if you choose to delete Flash objects from our sites, you may not be able to access and use all or part of the site or benefit from the information and services offered. What is relationship based advertising?
Expand all panelsRelationship-based advertising helps us provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. These advertisements and offers are based on the type of relationship you have with us, for example: If you’re a checking customer, we might present you with a special offer for reordering checks. What is online behavioral advertising?
Expand all panelsOnline behavioral advertising helps us provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Here’s how it works: We gather information about your online activities, such as the searches you conduct on our sites and the pages you visit. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our sites as well as offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that’s customized to meet specific interests you may have. Can I opt out of online behavioral advertising?
Expand all panelsYes. If you prefer that we not use information about your online site activities to deliver advertising on our sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail), you can opt out of online behavioral advertising. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising. In addition, financial advisors and/or Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us. Remember that your browser must be set to accept cookies in order for opt-outs to work. Can I opt out of online behavioral advertising on other sites?
Expand all panelsOn third-party sites where we advertise, Bank of America uses the Advertising Options Icon layer on our behavioral ads (excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon). Anyone receiving a behavioral ad may click on the displayed icon to receive more information and can opt out at that time or by visiting the third-party site's privacy policy for an opt out mechanism.You may also opt out of receiving behavioral ads from many sites through the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt Out Tool layer or other tools provided by the publishing platform.Please note that if you opt out, you may still receive untailored online advertising from Bank of America. Opting out from a specific third-party site means that the ads you receive will not be tailored based on your choices or behavior. Remember that your browser must be set to accept cookies in order for opt outs to work, and if you clear your cookies you will need to opt out again.Additional resourcesHelp secure your informationWatch a brief video about keeping your financial information safe on Better Money Habits.Identify a suspicious emailLearn how to recognize suspicious emails and see how to spot email scams.Internet security tipsProper internet security is more important than ever. Be sure to review these 10 online and mobile security tips.Don't be a fraud victim:Review our Fraud Prevention Checklist for simple steps you can take to help protect yourself.