http://www.delta.dk/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Cookie and privacy policy Personal Data Policy for roadnew.local1. Data controllerAs a leading technology service company, FORCE Technology offers a number of services within many areas and in this connection processes a large amount of personal data. In this Personal Data Policy, you can read how we process your personal data when you are a customer, participate in events, visit our website, or are in contact with us for other reasons.FORCE Technology is the data controller for processing your personal data. Our legal information is the following:FORCE Technology Park Allé 345, DK-2605 BrøndbyTelephone: +4543250000, email: info@force.dk company registration (CVR): 551173142. Processing of your personal data2.1. Personal data and purposeFORCE Technology only processes personal data for specific, professional purposes. The amount and nature of personal data will vary according to the individual purpose. Below, the primary purposes are stated:WEBSITE When you visit our website, we collect your IP address, information about your operating system, language setting, browser type, equipment type, actions on our websites, etc. The purpose of the processing is to be able to give you the best possible experience on the website. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest.MARKETING AND NEWSLETTERS If you receive newsletters or marketing, we process your name, place of employment, title, address, telephone numbers, email address, areas of interest, participation in events, and any visits to our website and other digital platforms. The processing takes place in order to be able to send targeted and relevant information based on your interests. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest.EVENTS, NETWORK GROUPS, CLUBS, ETC. Upon your registration and participation, FORCE Technology may process information about your name, place of employment, title, address, telephone number, email address, etc. The purpose of processing is to facilitate your participation. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest.COURSES AND TRAINING If you participate in courses or training programmes at FORCE Technology, we may process information about your name, place of employment, title, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, photo, education, etc. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest. In addition, we may process civil registration (CPR) numbers and health details, if this is a statutory requirement. The purpose of processing is to facilitate your participation and, possibly, issue a certificate, etc., to you.PRODUCTS AND SERVICES In connection with bidding or purchasing products and services, we can process information about your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, competences, education, etc. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest. In addition, we may process civil registration (CPR) numbers, if this is a statutory requirement. The purpose of processing is the establishment of the customer relationship and delivery of the agreed service.VISITORS When visiting a FORCE Technology site, on your arrival in reception you will be registered by name, place of employment, email address and telephone number, and some locations have video monitoring. This personal data is collected for security reasons. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest.JOB APPLICANTS If you are applying for a job at FORCE Technology, we may process information about your name, address, telephone, email address, date of birth, photo, education and other data that is included in your application. The purpose of the processing is to assess and select applicants. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest.OTHER CONDITIONS In cases where FORCE Technology offers booking hotels and flights, car rentals, etc., we may process information about your name, address, date of birth, nationality etc., which is required for making reservations. The purpose of this processing is to be able to make the agreed reservations. The legal basis for this is FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest.2.2. Information obligationWhen FORCE Technology collects and processes your personal data, we will inform you of this. The method by which you are informed will depend on the context in which we collect and process your data, and in each case, as a minimum, you will be informed via a reference to this Personal Data Policy.2.3 RectificationFORCE Technology continuously updates your personal data, if we become aware that it has changed. We therefore ask you to inform us of any changes in your personal data. This may take place directly to your contact at FORCE Technology or by email to persondata@force.dk.2.4 Transfer within the EU/EEAFORCE Technology may transfer your personal data if this is necessary in order to deliver the agreed service, or to fulfil any regulatory requirements. Any such transfer may be to consolidated companies, business partners or relevant authorities. When attending events, courses and training, your name and place of employment may also appear on the list of participants issued to the other participants and any business partners for the event in question.2.5 Transfer to third countriesFORCE Technology may forward your personal data to recipients outside the EU/EEA. This may take place to the same extent and on the same basis as stated in section 2.4. FORCE Technology will ensure that there is an adequate level of protection when transferring to a third country, cf. articles 45-49 of the General Data Protection Regulation.2.6 Storage and erasureFORCE Technology will retain your personal data for the period necessary for the purpose. This will vary according to the nature of the task, and is described in internal procedures and guidelines, which ensure that no personal data is saved for longer than is justified based on objective grounds for doing so. The period of time is determined on the basis of an overall assessment of the type and amount of personal data, FORCE Technology’s legitimate interest, and the fulfilment of any customer or statutory requirements. Job applications are kept until the position is filled unless you give consent to otherwise.3. Your rightsYou have the right to access the personal data that we process concerning you at any time, but with certain statutory exceptions. In certain cases, you also have the right to object to the data collection, and to the further processing of your personal data. You are also entitled to the rectification, erasure or blocking of your personal data, according to the rules in this respect. You also have the right to receive the personal data that you have given to us.Requests regarding your rights may take place by email to persondata@force.dk.4. Withdrawal of consentAt any time, you may withdraw any consent that you may have given. We will then erase your data, unless we may continue to process it on other grounds.5. Opportunity for appealIf you disagree with how we process your personal data, you are entitled to appeal to the:Danish Data Protection Agency, Borgergade 28, 5. sal, DK-1300 Copenhagen K, Telephone no. (+45) 3319 3200, email: dt@datatilsynet.dkYou can read more about your rights at www.datatilsynet.dk.Version 1.0CookiesCookies help us by providing information on:Number of visitorsHow our website is usedWhich pages are viewed most oftenHow long our visitors stay on the pages, etc.Cookies also enable the website to recognise you when you return. This means the website can be personalised based on the information you have given (e.g. when enrolling for events). We use Sitecore CMS/DMS and Google Analytics for statistics. You can choose not to accept cookies from Google Analytics by using this tool in your browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.What is a cookie?A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device and allows us to recognise you as a returning user. Cookies cannot cause viruses or detect content on your computer. The only thing they do is to send anonymous information back to us, for instance on the time and duration of your visit.If you do not want to allow cookiesIf you do not want to allow the use of cookies on your computer, you can change the settings in your browser so that it remembers this in future. You can also delete cookies that are already stored on your computer. Guidance and further information on cookies can be found at www.minecookies.org.Advertising networkNo third-party advertising network is used at forcetechnology.com. All data on website visits is therefore collected and used solely by FORCE Technology.
This is a unique website which will require a more modern browser to work! Please upgrade today! DELTA -
a part of FORCE Technology uses cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site and for marketing purposes. AcceptBy browsing the site you agree to our use of cookies. Read MorePRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIES
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.