https://www.rampf.com/infopoint/privacy-policy.html
This site uses cookies. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies. For details, please refer to our data privacy. OK
×
Imprint
GTC
General Conditions of Purchase
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Responsible body in terms of data protection legislation, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Rampf Formen GmbH
Altheimer Straße 1
D-89604 Allmendingen
Phone: +49 7391 505-0
Fax: +49 7391 505-142
E-Mail: info@rampf.de The protection of personal data is very important to RAMPF FORMEN GmbH.
We will treat your personal data (e.g., name, address, e-mail address, IP address) confidentially and process it exclusively according to the provisions of the German data protection law and the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This privacy statement only applies to our websites. If you navigate away from our pages via embedded links, please see the relevant landing pages for information about their handling of your data.
SSL encryption
We use state-of the-art encryption technology (e.g., SSL) via HTTPS to ensure your data are safely transmitted. We employ technical measures to protect our webpages against damage, destruction or unauthorised access.
Data processing for a specific purpose
We process your personal data only for the purpose specified in this privacy statement. We will not transmit your personal data to third parties for any other purposes than those mentioned. We will only forward your personal data to third parties if
you have given us your express consent to do so;
your data must be processed to execute a contract with you;
your data must be processed to fulfil a legal obligation;
your data must be processed to maintain legitimate interests;
there is no reason to assume that you have an interest, which is predominantly worthy of protection, in not forwarding your data.
Deleting and/or blocking data
We follow the principles of data avoidance and data economy. This means that we only store your personal data as long as is required to achieve the purposes stated here or as specified by the various storage periods stipulated by the legislator. Once this purpose no longer exists and/or these periods have expired, we will routinely block or delete those data according to legal regulations.
Scope and purpose of data processing
1. Website
Our website uses cookies, which your browser submits to us. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and enable us to analyse your usage of our website. This information (the log files) contains:
IP address of the querying computer;
recognition data of the browser and operating system used;
domain name of your Internet service provider:
date and time of your access;
name and URL of the obtained file;
website (URL) used for access.
None of this information can be used to draw conclusions about you as a person. The information is technically necessary to correctly deliver the website content you have requested, and is always created when you use the Internet. This information is used in particular for the following purposes:
ensure the website can connect easily;
ensure you can seamlessly use our website;
analyse system safety and stability;
optimise our website;
statistical purposes.
The functionality of our website is our legitimate interest. Data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles. Data are exclusively collected and stored in anonymised or pseudonymised form and cannot be used to draw conclusions about you as a person. All the collected user data are automatically deleted after 3 days. Only the responsible body and, if necessary, processors of the request, will receive the data. This serves to protect your data privacy interest.
Legal basis: Art. 6 Para. 1 f) GDPR
If you do not want us to store these cookies, please disable the installation of these cookies in your Internet browser. It may, however, result in functional restrictions on our website.
2. Contact form
If you contact us by e-mail or our contact form with any sort of request, you are giving us your voluntary consent to contact you. To that end, you need to provide us with a valid e-mail address. We will use it to allocate your request and reply to it. We may need further data from you. The information you have provided is stored in order to process your request and for any potential follow-up queries. Once your request has been resolved, your personal data are automatically deleted.
Legal basis: Art. 6 Para. 1 f) GDPR
3. Using script libraries (Google Webfonts)
We use script libraries or font libraries such as Google Webfonts. to correctly and attractively display our content across browsers. Google Webfonts are stored in your browser cache to avoid multiple reloading. If your browser does not support Google Webfonts or stops access to Google Webfonts, our content is displayed in a default font.
Opening a script library or a font library automatically triggers a connection to the provider of that library. In the process, there is a theoretical possibility that the provider of such libraries may collect data—it is currently unclear, however, whether this is actually the case, and to what end.
Please see the following link for the privacy statement of the library operator, Google: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Your rights as the party concerned: Right of disclosure and right of objection
If your personal data are processed, you are a party concerned in terms of the GDPR and are entitled to the following rights against the responsible party. You can contact our data protection officer at any time using the specified contact data to exercise the following rights:
disclose the data we have stored and how they are processed;
correct incorrect personal data;
delete your data we have stored;
restrict data processing if we are legally obliged not to delete your data;
object to our processing of your data; and
submit data if you have agreed to data processing or have concluded an agreement with us.
If you have given us your consent you can revoke it at any time with future effect.
Complaints
You can contact your responsible supervisory authority at any time with a complaint. Your responsible supervisory depends on the federal German state where you reside or work or where the suspected violation took place. For a list of supervisory authorities (for non-public issues) please visit https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Data protection officer
If you have any questions about data protection, please e-mail us or contact our data protection officer:
Rampf Formen GmbH
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Altheimer Straße 1
D-89604 Allmendingen
Phone: +49 7391 505 - 332 E-Mail: datenschutz@rampf.de
Changes to our privacy statement
We reserve the right to adjust this privacy statement to ensure it always complies with the latest legal requirements, or to implement changes to our services in the privacy statement, e.g., when we introduce a new service. When you visit our website after a change to the privacy statement, the new version applies.
Parts of this privacy statement were created using activeMind AG’s privacy statement generator.
Ideas
Moulds
Paving Stones
Slabs
Masonry blocks
Kerbstones
Grass Pavers
Landscaping
Stones
Paving stones
Interlocking pavers
Slabs
Masonry blocks
Kerbstones
Eco paving stones
Landscaping
Optional features
Heated plates
Pneumatic density control
Tamper section
Service
Company
History
RAMPF Group
Career
Vacancies
Apprenticeships
Trade fairs
News
Internal Area
Contact
Contact Form
Sitemap