http://www.alldata.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Last Modified: December 27, 2019 – Effective Date: December 27, 2019
ALLDATA LLC (“ALLDATA”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) knows that you care how your information is used and shared.  This Privacy Statement  informs you about how we collect, use, protect, and disclose your information when you visit and shop at an ALLDATA website, including the ALLDATA.com, ALLDATA Diagnostics, ALLDATA Repair, ALLDATA Collision, ALLDATA Manage Online, ALLDATA Tech-Assist, ALLDATA Mobile, and the ALLDATA diy.com websites and mobile services (“Website,” or collectively, the “Websites”), or use any of the services that we may make available to you through the Websites (collectively, the “Services”).  This Privacy Statement  also informs you about certain choices and rights you have associated with that data, and how you can manage the privacy of your Personal Information.  Please note that this Privacy Statement  does not govern the practices of third parties, including our partners, third party service providers, and/or advertisers, even when those services are branded as, or provided on behalf of, ALLDATA or AutoZone.  Information collected from you by others, such as third party websites that you access through links on the Website, are governed by those entities’ privacy policies.  Please read such third party’s privacy policies carefully.
ALLDATA is owned by AutoZone.  For AutoZone’s general Privacy Statement  as it applies to our collection and use of individual customers’ Personal Information, please click here or visit AutoZone’s main Website at www.autozone.com.
Information We Collect
ALLDATA supports the global automotive industry by providing our customers with OEM repair information, shop management solutions, diagnostic tools, and other web and mobile-based auto repair and maintenance resources.
When you visit an ALLDATA Website, we may collect certain information about you and your use of our Services.  Based on your browser or device settings and how you interact with ALLDATA, you can surf the Website and access important information about ALLDATA’s products without revealing your identity.  Sometimes, ALLDATA may ask you to provide certain information about yourself – including your Personal Information – depending on how you use our Websites, such as when you order products, download software, or choose to enter contests from an ALLDATA Website.
Personal Information:  ALLDATA may collect the following “Personal Information” about you when you use our Services:  your name, address, zip code, telephone number, email address, and information about your automobile (such as your Vehicle Identification Number (“VIN”) and year). ALLDATA may also collect your payment card information and billing address when you provide ALLDATA with such information, such as when you buy products on our Website, for payment processing. We will also collect your email address and a password that you choose when you create a personal account with the Website.
Personal Information Collected over the Last 12 Months
name
name2
name3
ALLDATA has collected the following types of Personal Information from our customers and visitors over the last 12 months:
name
address
zip code
telephone number
email address
information about vehicles such as Vehicle Identification Number (“VIN”) and year
payment card information and billing address when provided
email address and a password used during Website account creation
Generic Information:  this includes information that does not, by itself, identify you.  Generic Information may include data that relates to Website pages viewed and their duration, your IP address information, your browser or operating system information, aggregate data or other information that relates to your interaction with our Website.  In some situations, Generic Information may be used or combined in a way that it identifies you. In those situations, such information will be treated like Personal Information.
Cookies & Tracking Data:  The Website may use third party products and services to gather anonymous traffic statistics using cookies and web beacons.  A cookie is a small piece of information stored on your device that helps websites and multiple servers recognize you.  ALLDATA and its third party service providers may also use other tracking technologies such as pixels, or transparent GIF files, for web site management and user tracking.
Some of the cookies we use are “strictly necessary” for the functionality of our Websites.  Others improve the functionality of our Websites but are not strictly necessary.  Some cookies help improve the performance of our Websites (such as by gathering analytic data), while others help provide targeted services to you (like ads that you may be interested in).
Examples of cookies we use include:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Services.  Session cookies are temporary, and are automatically deleted once you close your Internet browser.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.  Preference cookies are first party cookies that remain on your computer or device until you delete them or they are otherwise removed upon expiration.
Third Party Cookies. ALLDATA permits third-party service providers, advertisers and other companies to use cookies or other similar technologies on our Website.  These companies may collect your information, track your behavior on our Website, and gather information about your use of our Websites or Services and other online services over time and across different services.  Additionally, some companies may use information collected to deliver targeted ads on behalf of us or other companies, including on other websites or online services.  We are not responsible for the functioning of cookies and other technologies used and placed by third parties on your device.
Pixel Tags, Web Beacons, and Transparent GIFs. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action.  These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages.  ALLDATA and its third party service providers may also use technology including pixels and transparent GIF files for other purposes including web site management and customization.
Other Technologies. We collect many different types of information from other technologies to improve the quality of our Website and the services we provide.  For example, we may collect Usage Data and other information about the device you use to access our Website, your operating system and/or mobile device type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located.  We may record the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.
Your Cookie Choices
When it comes to how you want to use or allow cookies to be used on your devices, you are in the driver’s seat.  You may set your browser or modify your device settings to block or refuse all cookies, to indicate when a cookie is being sent, or otherwise control what cookies your browser or mobile device accepts via your browser or mobile device settings.  Additionally, you can choose to modify your settings and delete those cookies that are otherwise stored on your device. Please consult the instructions provided by your browser or mobile device manufacturer to find out how you can control the placement of and/or remove cookies or other technologies.  Please note, however, that limiting or disabling the use of cookies and other technologies may impact or adversely affect your ability to perform certain transactions on, use certain functions of, and access certain content on our Website.
ALLDATA transmits Generic Information about our Website visitors to third parties for the purpose of targeting its Internet advertisements on other sites.  To do this, ALLDATA uses web beacons in conjunction with cookie data.  ALLDATA may also use third party companies to provide advertising services and/or to collect certain information when you visit and interact with the Website.  These third-party companies may collect and use Generic Information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visit to the Website and/or other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.  These third-party companies may use cookies and other technologies to recognize your browser to collect and record information about your web surfing activity including your activities on the Website.  In addition to adjusting your browser or device’s cookie settings, you can also opt-out of having non-Personal Information or cookies used to target ads to you by the party service providers. To opt out please Click Here.
As stated above, ALLDATA uses third-party cookie service providers such as, for example, “Act On”, “Google Analytics”, “Core Motives” and “IBM”.  To opt out of specific cookies, trackers, and other technologies, please follow the links below:
You may opt out of receiving Act-On cookies at:www.act-on.com/privacy-policy
You may opt out of receiving Google Analytics cookies at:Google Analytics opt-outs
You may opt out of receiving CoreMotives cookies at:http://coremotives.com/privacy-statement orhttp://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/
How We Collect Your Information
ALLDATA collects your information in a few ways:  there is information that you give us, information we obtains through your use of our Services – including our Website – and information we obtain from third parties.
a. Information You Give Us
We collect information that you decide to share with us.  At times, we may require you to provide certain information – including Personal Information – in order to use certain parts of our Website, fulfill your requests with us, or provide you with certain Services.  For instance, we will require you to provide your name, address, and payment card information when you make a purchase through out Website.  We may require you to provide your name, email address or other contact information when you contact us with a question or comment.  If you establish an account with us, we may require you to provide your name, an email address and telephone number, and create a password to create your account.
When you submit your Personal Information to ALLDATA, you understand that ALLDATA and its affiliates may access, store, and use your customer profile.  We collect this information for a variety of reasons and as detailed below, including ALLDATA’s effort to inform you of product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services from ALLDATA.  ALLDATA recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of the information you choose to provide.
b. Information We Obtain When You Use Our Services
We collect certain information from you through your use of our Services, such as Website usage data and other Generic information.  For instance, in using our Website, we may collect information about the device you use to log into, access, and use the Website.  We may collect other Generic Information in relation to how you use our Website or other Services (for example, aggregate metrics on how often certain pages on our Website are accessed and viewed).
We also may collect information through the use of cookies, pixel tags, or other technologies, as described above.
c. Information We Obtain from Other Sources / Third Parties
We may also obtain information about you from third parties who help us provide our Services to you.
How We Use Your Information
a. Business & Other Purposes for Collection
ALLDATA collects, processes, and uses your information to provide the Services that ALLDATA makes available to you.  We therefore collect your information for a variety of reasons, including:
To perform a contract with you – including processing and fulfilling your ALLDATA orders at our Website including processing payment information.
You have otherwise given us permission to do so – for example, when you sign up for an ALLDATA account and choose to receive special offers, promotions, news, surveys, and correspondence from ALLDATA.
To answer any questions or inquiries you make to us, including diagnostic and repair questions you make to ALLDATA Tech-Assist.
To facilitate our business purposes in relation to the Services that we provide to you.  These operational purposes may include but are not limited to:
Undertaking tasks related to the operations of our Website, including the placement of ads and/or providing customized content to our users;
Maintaining and improving of our Services;
Detecting security incidents; and
Debugging and repairing errors that impair the functionality of our Websites or Services.
The collection is otherwise related to providing our Services to you. For example, we may collect your information:
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services.
To provide customer support to you and our other members, customers, and visitors.
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Services.
To monitor the usage of our Services.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
To personalize the content we provide to you.
To provide you with news (for instance, via a newsletter), special offers, marketing or promotional materials, and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired, or which we believe may be of interest to you, unless you have opted not to receive such information.  If you are an ALLDATA customer, you we will use your information to provide you email notifications, promotional messaging, newsletters and other information from ALLDATA.  You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by contacting us at the contact information listed below, or by following the “unsubscribe” links in such email messages.
To provide advertisements or other customized content to you on the Website and email messages we send you that may be selected for you based on your demographic information, interests, preferences, and purchase history.
We may also use “automatically collected” information and “cookies” information to:
personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website;
provide customized third party advertisements, content, and information;
monitor and analyze our effectiveness and third party marketing activities;
monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and
track your entries, submissions, and status in any special offers, promotions or other activities.
How We Disclose or Share Your Information
a. Why We Disclose Your Information
ALLDATA may share customer information – including  Personal Information – with third parties who provide services and products to ALLDATA.  Examples of ways in which your information may be used include, but are not limited to, the following:
Order fulfillment – for instance, we will share your name and address with the companies that help us complete your order or otherwise provide our ALLDATA products to you.
Marketing activities including e-mail marketing efforts
Database cleaning and maintenance, and analysis
Customer experience enhancements
Warranty management
Payment processing
To investigate, protect against and help prosecute individuals responsible for malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity involving or affecting ALLDATA, AutoZone or other related entities, our Services, and/or our customers.  This may include disclosures to law enforcement, prosecutors, and other entities to investigation potential criminal activity and other civil violations. To comply with applicable laws, in response to a lawful and enforceable request by a law enforcement, judicial, or other public authority, or in connection with an applicable legal obligation
Other legitimate business purposes.
ALLDATA also collects, stores, and uses aggregate data like Generic Information that do not contain Personal Information, such as demographics or statistical information. This aggregate data may be shared with and used by third parties to help ALLDATA and its suppliers better understand and serve our customers.
b. Categories of Third Parties that Receive Personal Information
We share or otherwise disclose individuals’ information to the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers:  We employ third party service providers, companies, individuals, and agents to facilitate and help us provide our Services to you.  Such Service Providers perform tasks or functions on our behalf, provide Services-related services, or assist us in analyzing how our Services are used or delivered.  For instance, we may disclose information to our database and cloud storage providers that help us maintain our Website and other systems.
These third parties are granted access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Other ALLDATA or AutoZone Affiliates and Entities:  We may share or disclose your information to other entities in the ALLDATA and AutoZone family.
c. Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for Business Purposes
We may share certain Personal Information related to our business purposes outlined above.
d. Categories of Personal Information Sold
ALLDATA has in the last twelve months sold the following data to third parties:
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN)
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME TO DIRECT ALLDATA NOT TO SELL THIS INFORMATION.  If you wish to exercise your right to OPT OUT, please click here.
Please note that a “sale” of Personal Information does not include those instances when such information is part of a merger, acquisition, or other transaction involving all or part of our business.  If we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or other business transaction, we may transfer your Personal Information to a third party as part of that transaction.  If such transaction materially affects the manner in which your Personal Information is processed, we will notify you of such change prior to its implementation.
Data Retention
ALLDATA will retain your Personal Information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement .  We will retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes enforce our legal agreements and policies, and as required by essential business needs.
Transfer of Data
ALLDATA’s Services are offered and available to individuals in the United States of America.  While our Website is available for anyone who is interested in ALLDATA’s products and services, we do not sell or make available any products, goods, or other services to individuals outside of the United States, including the European Union.  Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.  If you are located in the European Union, you should be aware that U.S. data protection laws are not deemed to be as adequate as those in the European Union.  Your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, and destruction, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  By using or Website and Services, you acknowledge that there are data security and privacy limitations inherent to the use of the Internet, and that the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information exchanged between you and ALLDATA, or between you and other related entities, cannot be guaranteed.  We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or that we store, and you do so at your own risk.
We use third-party payment processors to process any transactions you make with ALLDATA, including via our Website.  The processing of those transactions is governed by the payment processors’ Privacy Statement  and security practices.  ALLDATA is not responsible for the third-party payment processors’ data security practices.
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals under the California Online Protection Act (“CalOPPA”)
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”).  Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.  You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
We do track consumers’ online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services.
Third parties may collect data that relates to you.  We cannot control third parties’ responses to do-not-track signals or other such mechanisms. Third parties’ use of data relating to you and responsiveness to do-not-track signals is governed by their respective privacy policies.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents are afforded certain rights related to their information under state law.  ALLDATA aims to take reasonable steps to allow California residents to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Information, and exercise other rights available under applicable law.  ALLDATA informs you that, where applicable under relevant law, individuals may be entitled to the following:
Right to Access / Disclosure:  to have access to your Personal Information upon simple request – that is, you may receive a copy of such data upon receipt of a verifiable request, along with other information related to the collection or processing.
Disclosure of Direct Marketers:  to have access upon simple request, and free of charge, the categories and names of addresses of third parties that have received Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.  Please see the “Direct Marketers Disclosure” section below for more information.
Collecting, Selling, Sharing, or Disclosing Personal Information:  upon receipt of a verifiable request, to obtain a list of:
The specific pieces of your Personal Information ALLDATA holds;
The categories of Personal Information collected about you, sold to third parties, or disclosed to third parties for business purposes;
The categories of Personal Information sold within the last 12 months;
The categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information; and
The categories of third parties with whom Personal Information is shared, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information:  California residents have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of their Personal Information under certain circumstances.  If you wish to exercise your right to OPT OUT, please click here.
Right to Deletion / “Right to be Forgotten”:  to obtain the deletion of your Personal Information in the situations set forth by applicable data protection law and upon receipt of a verifiable request.
Right to Data Portability:  to have your Personal Information directly transferred by us to a third-party processor of your choice (where technically feasible; may be limited to situations when processing is based on your consent).
Right to Non-Discrimination.  As defined under relevant law, you have a right to non-discrimination in the Services or quality of Services you receive from us for exercising your rights.
Please contact us at the information in “Contact Us” Section below in relation to exercising these rights.  Note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Direct Marketers Disclosures
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, in addition to the rights set forth above. Under California law, you have the right to send us a request at the designated address listed below to receive the following information:
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year;
the names and addresses of the third parties that received the information; and
if the nature of the third party’s business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.
To make such a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, and attest to the fact that you are a California resident.  Please also provide a current California address for our response. You may make this request in writing to us at the below address.  Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description, and include your name, street address, city, state and ZIP code.  Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the address provided for this purpose below.
Note that responsive information may be provided in a standardized format that is not specific to you.
Your Choices
You can change your account information with us at any time by editing your profile. If you are an ALLDATA member, you may opt out of receiving promotional member marketing communications by clicking “unsubscribe” in the marketing emails you receive from us, or by calling us at 1 (800) 741-9179.
Links to Other Sites
ALLDATA’s Website may include links to other web sites that are not operated by us.  Please note that this Privacy Statement  does not apply to those third party websites that may be linked to our Website.  This Privacy Statement  does not govern the practices of third parties, including our partners, third party service providers, and/or advertisers, even when those services are branded as, or provided on behalf of, ALLDATA.  ALLDATA is not responsible for and does not control the security or privacy when you visit those sites.  ALLDATA encourages you to visit the privacy notices governing those sites.
Children’s Privacy
All of our Services, including our Website, are intended for adult audiences, and are not meant to address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).  As such, Children under 18 may not use our Website.  If you are under 18, do not attempt to register for or use any of our Services, including our Website, and do not provide us any Personal Information about yourself.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18.  If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has violated this Privacy Statement  and provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Updates to this Privacy Statement
From time to time, ALLDATA may modify this Privacy Statement . ALLDATA will notify you of any material changes to its Privacy Statement  by posting those changes on this page and updating the Privacy Statement  modification date above. ALLDATA encourages you periodically to check back to this page for any updates.
Submitting a Verifiable Request to ALLDATA
As mentioned above, California residents have certain rights to access, delete, or otherwise control the use, collection, and/or disclosure of their information.  ALLDATA will respond to an individual’s “verifiable request” to exercise his or her rights under such laws – that is, where ALLDATA has received a request purporting to be from a particular individual, and ALLDATA has been able to verify the individual’s identity.  The need to verify an individual’s identity is critical to protecting your information, and ensuring that your information is not shared with anyone pretending to be you or someone who is not authorized to act as your agent on your behalf.
You may submit a verifiable request via our email address, mailing address, or toll-free number, listed in the “Contact Us” section below, or as otherwise provided on our Website (if such means are available).  ALLDATA will ask you to provide information about yourself so that we can verify your identity as part of this process.  This information may include your name, your address, your account information, and any other information deemed necessary by ALLDATA to reasonably verify your identity, to ensure that your information is not shared with anyone impersonating you.
We may ask for additional information if we have difficulty confirming your identity.  We will not share your information or honor other requests in those situations in which we are unable to confirm a request for your information is a “verifiable request.”
Under California law a consumer can appoint an “authorized agent” to make certain verifiable requests upon their behalf, such as the right to know what information we collect about the consumer or to request deletion of the consumer’s information.  Because the security and privacy of your information is paramount, we will ask that you identify and provide permission in writing for such persons to act as your authorized agent and exercise your applicable rights under California law in such situations.  This may require us to contact you directly and alert you that an individual has claimed to be your agent and is attempting to access or delete your information.  We will also independently verify your identity to ensure that an unauthorized person is not attempting to impersonate you and exercise your rights without authorization.  We will not share your information or honor any other requests in those situations where you cannot or do not grant permission in writing for an identified authorized agent to act on your behalf, or where we cannot independently verify your identity.
How to Contact Us for CCPA Requests
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site, please contact ALLDATA:
By Website: http://dsar.alldata.com
By telephone: (866) 246-5230
Difficulty Accessing Our Privacy Statement ?
Individuals with disabilities who are unable to usefully access our Privacy Statement  online may contact us at the above-listed contact information to inquire how they can obtain a copy of our policy in another, more easily readable format.
Copyright © 1996-2019 ALLDATA LLC. All rights reserved.