https://www.lundsfish.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
0 Items
609.884.7600
info@lundsfish.com
Home
Products
Sea Legend
Scallops
Squid
Product Integrity
Recipes
Company Information
About Lund’s
Lund’s Facility
Lund’s Leadership
Lund’s Team
Fishing Vessels
Sustainability
Lund’s Standards
Federal Fishery Management
State Fishery Management
Blog
Media
Latest News
Contact
Lund's Fisheries
Lund’s Fisheries Incorporated
Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 16, 2019
Lund's Fisheries (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Lund's Fisheries website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://www.lundsfish.com
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Products from Lund’s Fisheries are among the finest, freshest and cleanest seafood and fish products available in today’s world market. Worldwide distribution of the finest fish and seafood products fresh from the source.
Since 1954 the Lund’s Fisheries brand and products have inspired trust and confidence worldwide. With locations on both the West and East coasts of the USA we are able to offer our customers a wide range of high quality land and sea frozen seafood produced by our company owned fishing vessels and the many independent vessels we deal with.
Hours of Operation
MON – FRI
8:00am – 5:00pm
SAT 8:00am – 12:00pm
SUN8:00am - 12:00pm
Drop Us a Line
Don't be shy. Let us know if you have any questions!
Contact Us
Our Newsletter
Dialogue is an essential part of any script
First Name Last Name Email (required) * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Lund's Fisheries. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Lunds Fishery , 997 Ocean Dr , Cape May, NJ, 08204, https://www.lundsfish.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information. Cookie settingsACCEPT No Thank YouPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy