http://www.medidermlab.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
›
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
This policy describes how GOODVARA, LLC. (collectively, “GOODVARA”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, uses, and shares the information we obtain from you online and in store.
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy discusses the “personal information” that GOODVARA obtains from you on GOODVARA.com and GOODVARA.com, in store. When we use the term “personal information” we are referring to information that is connected to your name. This may include things like your e-mail address, mailing address, birthday, telephone number, photographs, personal images and information you provide, or information about the products you purchase, when those pieces of data are stored with your name. Any information that is not connected to your name is not considered personal information.
This privacy policy does not cover information that you submit on other websites, even if we communicate with you on those sites. For example, if you post something on Facebook, Twitter, or YouTube, Instagram, Vine, Pinterest and other social media outlets, that information is governed by the privacy policies on those websites, and is not governed by this policy.
What We Collect
The following are examples of the personal information that we collect: Name, email address, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, phone #, products you order.
In addition to the above, we may use the following technologies to automatically collect information about your activities on our websites.
Cookies *
Flash Cookies *
Web Beacons, clear pixels or pixel tags. *
Web Server Logs.*
Geo- location technologies. *
Note that we do not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you can look at our websites, but you should not make a purchase, register, or submit personal information to us.
How We Use Your Personal Information
GOODVARA primarily uses the personal information that it collects to provide you with products, information, and services. We may also use your information to track your purchase history and to contact you for account and promotional purposes. You must create a registration profile in order to send an e-mail to our Customer Beauty Advisor, post a product review or make a purchase on our website. We may also use your personal information for other legitimate business purposes, including to detect and prevent fraud, to collect amounts owing to us and to maintain business records.
How We Share Your Personal Information
GOODVARA may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
Service providers. We may share your personal information with companies that perform services for us, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mails, analyzing customer data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, investigating fraudulent activity, conducting customer surveys, and providing customer service.
Social Networks, Widgets, and Plug-ins. If you use any features made available to you on our website by a third party it may result in information being collected or shared between us and the third party. For example, if you use Facebook’s “Like” feature Facebook may register the fact that you “liked” a product and may post that information on Facebook.
The public. GOODVARA may share the personal information that you submit through one of our interactive services, like Ratings & Reviews, with the general public or our affiliates.
Other instances. GOODVARA may share your personal information in order to protect the legal rights of our company, our employees, our agents, and our affiliates, to protect the safety and security of our visitors, to detect and protect against fraud, or to comply with law or legal process.
Business transition. GOODVARA may share your personal information with another company that buys some, or all, of the assets or stock of GOODVARA, and that company may use and disclose personal information for purposes similar to what is described in this policy. GOODVARA may also share personal information with prospective purchasers to evaluate the proposed transaction. GOODVARA may share de-identified information (i.e., information that is not directly connected to your name) in the following circumstances in addition to those identified above:
Aggregate information. We may share de-identified aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners.
Behavioral-based advertising. A third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website and other websites so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on our website, or on other websites.
How We Protect Your Information
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information. We take that task seriously and maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help protect your personal information. While we attempt to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise that information about you will remain secure in all circumstances.
Your Options And What you need to do
You have the following choices with how your information is used:
You can update or correct your name, e-mail address, security questions, and other preferences by logging into your account and clicking on the “Sign In” page, Email: info@goodvara.com You can opt-out of some, but not all, online behavioral based advertising by using your browser settings to block cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. You can remove content that you posted on a GOODVARA public space, such as part of a Ratings & Review, by e-mailing details to info@GOODVARA.com Note that we will endeavor to honor your request to remove information, however, our removal of your information does not completely erase that information from the internet. For example historical copies, or “caches,” may remain. You can click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail that you receive.
Communicating With Us
If you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, or of you would like to request access to or correction of your personal information, you can contact GOODVARA’s Customer Service by mail, telephone, or e-mail: info@goodvara.com
Your right to access or correct your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your personal information we may do so by e-mail, telephone, or mail.
Changes To This Policy
We may revise this policy from time to time.
Effective as of January.21.2020
* “Cookies” are small bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site to make your visits to our website more enjoyable and valuable to you by providing a customized experience and recognizing your preferences when you visit our website. If you’ve chosen to disable cookies on your browser, some of the functionality of our website may be lost. Certain of our web page, particularly those that require a login and password, require that cookies be enabled in your browser and cannot be used when you have disabled cookies in your browser. * Flash cookies (also called Local Shared Objects or “LSOs”) are data files similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. Flash cookies are used to remember settings, preferences, and usage, particularly for video, interactive gaming, and other similar services. * Web beacons are small graphic images on a Web page or in an e-mail that can be used for such things as recording the pages and advertisements clicked on by users, or tracking the performance of e-mail marketing campaigns. * Web server logs are records of activity created by the computer that delivers the webpages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you the webpage. The Web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the servers. * Geo-location technology refers to technologies that permit us to determine your location. We may ask you to manually provide location information on our website, or to enable your mobile device to send us precise location information. We may also automatically collect general location information from your web browser.
Private Label Skin Care
Cleansers & Toners
Acne & Oily Skin Products
Anti-Aging Products
Skin Moisturizers & Night Treatments
Skin Lightening Products
Skin Serums
Skin Masks
Glycolic Acid Products
Skin Peeling & Scrubs
Private Label Natural Skin Care Products
Top Amazon Sellers
Activated Charcoal Products
Private Label Hair Care Products
Private Label Body & Bath Products
Private Label Baby Skin & Hair Products
Private Label Cosmetics
Private Label Essential Oils
Men Skin & Hair Products
Speciality Products
Hand Sanitizer
Contact Us
×
GOODVARA, LLC AND GOODVARA.COM PRIVACY POLICY
This policy describes how GOODVARA, LLC. (collectively, “GOODVARA”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, uses, and shares the information we obtain from you online and in store.
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy discusses the “personal information” that GOODVARA obtains from you on GOODVARA store.com and GOODVARA.com, in store. When we use the term “personal information” we are referring to information that is connected to your name. This may include things like your e-mail address, mailing address, birthday, telephone number, photographs, personal images and information you provide, or information about the products you purchase, when those pieces of data are stored with your name. Any information that is not connected to your name is not considered personal information.
This privacy policy does not cover information that you submit on other websites, even if we communicate with you on those sites. For example, if you post something on Facebook, Twitter, or YouTube, Instagram, Vine, Pinterest and other social media outlets, that information is governed by the privacy policies on those websites, and is not governed by this policy.
What We Collect
The following are examples of the personal information that we collect: Name, email address, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, phone #, products you order.
In addition to the above, we may use the following technologies to automatically collect information about your activities on our websites.
Cookies *
Flash Cookies *
Web Beacons, clear pixels or pixel tags. *
Web Server Logs.*
Geo- location technologies. *
Note that we do not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you can look at our websites, but you should not make a purchase, register, or submit personal information to us.
How We Use Your Personal Information
GOODVARA primarily uses the personal information that it collects to provide you with products, information, and services. We may also use your information to track your purchase history and to contact you for account and promotional purposes. You must create a registration profile in order to send an e-mail to our Customer Beauty Advisor, post a product review or make a purchase on our website. We may also use your personal information for other legitimate business purposes, including to detect and prevent fraud, to collect amounts owing to us and to maintain business records.
How We Share Your Personal Information
GOODVARA may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
Service providers. We may share your personal information with companies that perform services for us, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mails, analyzing customer data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, investigating fraudulent activity, conducting customer surveys, and providing customer service.
Social Networks, Widgets, and Plug-ins. If you use any features made available to you on our website by a third party it may result in information being collected or shared between us and the third party. For example, if you use Facebook’s “Like” feature Facebook may register the fact that you “liked” a product and may post that information on Facebook.
The public. GOODVARA may share the personal information that you submit through one of our interactive services, like Ratings & Reviews, with the general public or our affiliates.
Other instances. GOODVARA may share your personal information in order to protect the legal rights of our company, our employees, our agents, and our affiliates, to protect the safety and security of our visitors, to detect and protect against fraud, or to comply with law or legal process.
Business transition. GOODVARA may share your personal information with another company that buys some, or all, of the assets or stock of GOODVARA, and that company may use and disclose personal information for purposes similar to what is described in this policy. GOODVARA may also share personal information with prospective purchasers to evaluate the proposed transaction. GOODVARA may share de-identified information (i.e., information that is not directly connected to your name) in the following circumstances in addition to those identified above:
Aggregate information. We may share de-identified aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners.
Behavioral-based advertising. A third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website and other websites so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on our website, or on other websites.
How We Protect Your Information
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information. We take that task seriously and maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help protect your personal information. While we attempt to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise that information about you will remain secure in all circumstances.
Your Options And What you need to do
You have the following choices with how your information is used:
You can update or correct your name, e-mail address, security questions, and other preferences by logging into your account and clicking on the “Sign In” page, Email: info@goodvara.com
You can opt-out of some, but not all, online behavioral based advertising by using your browser settings to block cookies or notify you when a cookie is set.
You can remove content that you posted on a GOODVARA public space, such as part of a Ratings & Review, by e-mailing details to info@goodvara.com Note that we will endeavor to honor your request to remove information, however, our removal of your information does not completely erase that information from the internet. For example historical copies, or “caches,” may remain.
You can click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail that you receive.
Communicating With Us
If you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, or of you would like to request access to or correction of your personal information, you can contact GOODVARA’s Customer Service by mail, telephone, or e-mail:
GOODVARA, LLC
Info@GOODVARA.com
Your right to access or correct your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your personal information we may do so by e-mail, telephone, or mail.
Changes To This Policy
We may revise this policy from time to time.
Effective as of January.21. 2020
* “Cookies” are small bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site to make your visits to our website more enjoyable and valuable to you by providing a customized experience and recognizing your preferences when you visit our website. If you’ve chosen to disable cookies on your browser, some of the functionality of our website may be lost. Certain of our web page, particularly those that require a login and password, require that cookies be enabled in your browser and cannot be used when you have disabled cookies in your browser.
* Flash cookies (also called Local Shared Objects or “LSOs”) are data files similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. Flash cookies are used to remember settings, preferences, and usage, particularly for video, interactive gaming, and other similar services.
* Web beacons are small graphic images on a Web page or in an e-mail that can be used for such things as recording the pages and advertisements clicked on by users, or tracking the performance of e-mail marketing campaigns.
* Web server logs are records of activity created by the computer that delivers the webpages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you the webpage. The Web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the servers.
Geo-location technology refers to technologies that permit us to determine your location. We may ask you to manually provide location information on our website, or to enable your mobile device to send us precise location information. We may also automatically collect general location information from your web browser.
GOODVARA, LLC AND GOODVARA.COM TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: JANUARY.21.2020
Introduction
These are the terms of use ("Terms of Use") for your use of services or features on the sites owned and controlled by GOODVARA, LLC.. ("GOODVARA"), including www.GOODVARA.com (the "Sites"). We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our beauty offerings and these Terms of Use will govern those new Sites when added. These Terms of Use govern your use of our Sites and your conduct, regardless of the means of access (computer or mobile device)_and these Terms of Use govern your use of those Interactive Services.
BY USING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR GUIDELINES AND RULES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THESE, DO NOT USE OUR SITES.
By using the Sites, you signify your agreement to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and our Guidelines and Rules, whether or not you have read them. GOODVARA reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in the Terms of Use, Guidelines and Rules from time to time at any time, without notice, and in its sole discretion. If GOODVARA decides to change these Terms of Use, GOODVARA will post a new version on the Sites and update the date set forth above. Any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use, Guidelines or Rules will be effective upon posting of the revisions. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITES FOLLOWING POSTING OF ANY CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS AND IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY CEASE USING THE SITES. For this reason, you should frequently review these Terms of Use, our Guidelines and Rules and any other applicable policies, including their dates, to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Sites.
Copyright
All design, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software on the Sites is Copyright (c) 2020 GOODVARA, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the Sites is the exclusive property of GOODVARA and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on the Sites is the property of GOODVARA or its software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of the Sites for the sole purpose of placing an order with GOODVARA, using the Interactive Services or using the Sites as a shopping resource. Any other use of materials on the Sites - including reproduction for purposes other than those permitted above, modification, distribution, republishing, transmission, display or performance - without the prior written permission of GOODVARAis strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
GOODVARA.com and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trade names, trademarks, and/or trade dress of GOODVARA and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by GOODVARA in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits GOODVARA. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
Product Information
The products displayed on this site are Private Label Products and not GOODVARA Products or Brands. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by GOODVARA.
All material and information presented by GOODVARA is intended to be used for personal educational or informational purposes only. The statements made about products have not been evaluated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the results reported, if any, may not necessarily occur in all individuals. The statements and products sold through GOODVARA are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any condition or disease. If any minor uses any goods or product from GOODVARA it should be only after the legal or parental guardian has discussed the product with the minor's doctor.
All products should be used strictly in accordance with their instructions, precautions and guidelines. You should always check the ingredients for products to avoid potential allergic reactions. Use of the Sites is not meant to serve as a substitute for professional medical advice: these Sites are solely online stores for specialty beauty products. Please consult with your own physician or health care practitioner regarding the use of any goods, products or information received from the Sites before using or relying on them. Your physician or health care practitioner should address any and all medical questions, concerns and decisions regarding the possible treatment of any medical condition. GOODVARA does not give or intend to give any answers to medical related questions and these Sites do not replace any medical professional or medical resource. GOODVARA does not represent itself as a physician or health care professional nor is this implied. No prescription medications or medical treatments are intentionally provided on the Sites. IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF MEDICAL ATTENTION, CALL 911 OR YOUR PHYSICIAN IMMEDIATELY.
Products information on this site are for informational purposes for other companies and you will be required to get your own product information/ marketing story/ ingredients uses and benefits as private label products buyer.
Guidelines for Interactive Services
We want to know what you think of the products you've tried, and we encourage you to leave feedback and reviews. When writing a review, posing a question on the Q&A Service, please follow the following guidelines:
1- Focus on the product and your individual experience using it;
2- Provide details about why you like or dislike a product; and
3-All submitted reviews, comments and questions are read by our moderators and are subject to these Terms of Use.
You may not use our Interactive Services to impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, any GOODVARA official, or to falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity. You may not use the Interactive Services to collect or store personal data about other users.
GOODVARA reserves the right to not post a review or to withdraw a posted review for any reason. Your review will be excluded if it violates Guidelines or the provisions in these Terms of Use regarding submission of Content generally.
Third Party Content and Third Party Sites
GOODVARA may provide content of third parties ("Third Party Content") or links to Third Party Sites as a service to those interested in this information. GOODVARA does not monitor, approve or have any control over any Third Party Content or the Third Party Sites and the inclusion of links to Third Party Content or Third Party Sites does not imply any association or relationship between GOODVARA and such third party. GOODVARA does not guarantee, endorse or adopt the accuracy or completeness of any Third Party Content or any Third Party Site. GOODVARA is not responsible for updating or reviewing Third Party Content or Third Party Sites. You use Third Party Content and Third Party Sites at your own risk. Third Party Content, including comments from third party users submitted to GOODVARA through the Interactive Services, do not necessarily reflect the views of GOODVARA.
Mobile Services
If you access the Sites via your mobile phone (through an iPhone application, for example), please be aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging fees or data charges, will still apply.
Modification of Content
Any Content that you submit is not confidential and may be used at GOODVARA's sole discretion. GOODVARA may or may not pre-screen Content. However, GOODVARA and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, change, condense or delete any Content on the Sites. In particular, GOODVARA and its designees will have the right to remove any Content that GOODVARA deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the Guidelines, or any other provision of these Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable. GOODVARA does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through GOODVARA to edit or delete any Content you have submitted. GOODVARA reserves the right to incorporate any Content you have submitted into any account you may have, now or in the future, as a registered user of the Sites. Ratings, written comments, questions and answers are generally posted within two to four business days. However, GOODVARA reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for any reason. You acknowledge that you, not GOODVARA, are responsible for the contents of any Content you submit. None of the Content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of GOODVARA, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
Disclaimer of Warranties
GOODVARA IS PROVIDING THE SITES, THEIR CONTENTS AND THE INTERACTIVE SERVICES ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITES, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDED ON THE SITES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GOODVARA DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR EXAMPLE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN ADDITION, GOODVARA DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THE SITES IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties and conditions, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you but shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.
Disclaimer of Liabilities
GOODVARA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SITES OR THE INTERACTIVE SERVICES. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME OR PROFIT, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless GOODVARA (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers), from all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, costs, expenses, obligations and damages including reasonable legal fees, arising out of (a) your misuse of the Sites and the Interactive Services; (b) your violation of any term of these Terms of Use; (c) a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above regarding Content; (d) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party (including, without limitation, any copyright, property or privacy right); or (e) any claim that any Content you submitted caused damage to a third party. This indemnification obligation will survive the termination of these Terms of Use and your misuse of the Sites and the Interactive Services.
DMCA
If you believe your work or content has been copied and posted to the Sites in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide GOODVARA's designated copyright agent the following written information in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"):
1- An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
2- A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
3- A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Sites;
4- A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
5- Your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available); and
6- A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Fraud Protection Program
As part of our order processing procedures, we screen all received orders for fraud or other types of unauthorized or illegal activity. We reserve the right to refuse to process an order due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity. If such is the case, we may reject your order or our Customer Service department may call you at the phone number you provided (or use your email address) to confirm your order. We also reserve the right to cancel any accounts or refuse to ship to certain addresses due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity. We take these measures to protect our customers as well as ourselves from fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity.
Waiver
No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and GOODVARA's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
English Language
It is the express wish of the parties that these Terms of Use and all related documents be drawn up in English.
Dispute Resolution
If a dispute should arise between you and GOODVARA, we want to provide you with a resolution that is efficient and cost effective by using our customer service team. Almost all customer service disputes can be resolved to the customer’s satisfaction by using our customer service, reachable by emailing us at info@goodvara.com
Choice of Law/Forum Selection
In any circumstances where the Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes permits the parties to litigate in court, these Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflict of law rules. You further expressly consent and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of a court of competent jurisdiction located in Los Angeles County, California.
Severability
The provisions of these Terms of Use are intended to be interpreted in a manner which makes them valid, legal, and enforceable. In the event any provision is found to be partially or wholly invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified or restricted to the extent and in the manner necessary to render it valid, legal, and enforceable. It is expressly understood and agreed between the parties that such modification or restriction may be accomplished unilaterally by GOODVARA, or alternatively, by disposition of an arbitrator or a court of law. If such provisions cannot under any circumstances be so modified or restricted, they shall be excised from the Terms of Use without affecting the validity, legality or enforceability of any of the remaining provisions.
PRIVATE LABEL ORDERS POLICIES (INCLUDING RETURN, EXCHANGE AND REFUND POLICIES )
Last Updated: January, 21. 2020
Prices are F.O B from one of our facilities -Payment: 100% at the time of the order
Once products are ready to be shipped, customer have 5 business days to pick up the order or customer agrees to pay $300/pallet/month storage fee. All final orders consist of 10% overage or underage from the original quantity ordered. All orders that have not been picked up within 3 month of  once order is ready and customer is notified by email, will be discarded at customer expense.
Product Limited Warranty: Seller warrants that Seller-branded products will be free from defects in materials and workmanship for 180 days from the date of delivery, shipment of invoice only. Buyer must give Seller written notice of the defect within 5 days of receiving the products. During the warranty period, Seller will, at its option: (1) rework product or (2) replace the product with a comparable product or if Seller requests you to return defective products, you must do so within 5 days. Buyer must reasonably inspect product at delivery and follow Seller’s warranty processes. If you supply your own components you are responsible for properly packaging your product, paying all shipping costs, loss, or damage to the product during shipping and any other taxes, fees or charges associated with transporting the product. This limited warranty does not cover misuse or minor imperfections within design specification or which do not materially alter functionality. Seller does not warrant and is not responsible for damages caused by misuse, abuse, accidents, unauthorized service or parts, or the combination of seller products with other products. Seller does not warrant products shipped directly to Amazon or any other online/ off line retailer, buyer acknowledge that he should take this responsibility to inspect the products before shipping to any retailer. This limited warranty does not cover non-seller products or buyer formulated products.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
Limitation of liability this limited warranty is the only warranty applicable to the products and replaces all other warranties or conditions, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Specifically, except as provided herein, the seller  undertakes no responsibility for the quality of the products or that the products will be fit for any particular purpose for which you may be buying the products. Any implied warranty is limited in duration to the warranty period. No oral or written information, or advice given by seller, its agents or employees, shall create a warranty or in any way increase the scope of this limited warranty. Seller’s maximum liability to buyer is limited to the purchase price you paid for products or services. Neither buyer nor seller is liable to the other if you or it are unable to perform due to events beyond control, such as acts of GOD, or for property damage, personal injury, loss of use, interruption of business, lost profits, lost data or other consequential, punitive or special damages, however caused whether for breach of warranty, contact, tort ( including negligence), strict liability or otherwise other than those damages that are incapable of limitation, exclusion or restriction under applicable law.
GOODVARA, LLC assumes no liability of products compatibility with the containers (jars/ bottles/ tubes), customers are advised to perform such tests before purchasing from GOODVARA, LLC and customers have been advised to do compatibility testing of products with containers (jars/ bottles/ tubes..) and their other parts before filling in such containers at an outside testing company they need to find and work with, GOODVARA do not perform such tests and assume no liability of any problem that may arise. All disputes regarding this order would be governed by California Law, Los Angeles County.
There is no return or exchange is allowed, orders are not cancelable.
All samples orders are final, there are no returns, no exchange allowed, shipments that are refused or returned will not be refunded, we will gladly re-ship the package but customer needs to pay the shipping and handling fee again.
All orders are final, once the orders are placed online or through email/ phone or any other way, the orders are FINAL, no exchange, no returns, no cancellation.
All international shipments are final, we are not responsible for any damages whether these damages are due to the actual shipping box or the fault of the shipping companies. International clients must select the shipping company wisely. We are not responsible for any government regulations or the acceptance or the rejection of the products at any country FDA or customs. You must take care of your own brand registration before ordering, if you order and your product is not accepted by your country, the order is FINAL, NO CANCELLATIONS, NO RETURNS, NO REFUNDS.
All payments made through paypal.com or payneer.com or by checks and wire transfers and through other means are final and are NONE DISPUTABLE.
Lead times:
Samples order lead time 1-3 weeks.
Actual orders lead time (any order for 10+ units per product and all bulk orders by the gallon) = approximately 6-8 weeks and may extend to 10-12 weeks if there are issues with packaging availability due to COVID19.
WHAT'S YOUR EMAIL?
ADD TO WISHLIST
Product has been added to your wishlist.
You can view your wishlist by creating or login account.
Please create account through ##customer_email## email
Login
Register
×
Welcome Newcomer