http://www.bds-suspension.com/policies-site#privacy
Home
Customer Service
Off Road Life
Socialize With Us
Off Road Community
Off Road Forums
Clubs & Associations
Event Calendar
Project Vehicles & Sponsorships
BDS Gear
Men's Apparel
Ladies Apparel
Decals / Stickers
Dealer Products
Bad Ass Rides
Logos/graphics/multimedia
Visual Libraries
Catalog
Instagram Photo Album
Picasa Photos (2008-2014)
Videos
BDS Ads
BDS Logos
Factory Protection Plus Graphics
Web Banners
Vehicle Wraps
Product Flyers
About BDS
Our Company
BDS Story
Distributors
Jobs
Privacy Policy
It's Our Products & Service
Why BDS?
FMVSS No.126 Compliant
Warranty
BDS in the News
Testimonials
Press Releases
Email Signup
Contact Us
Get Help Now
Contact Us
Distributor Lookup
BDS Resources
Intruction Library
BDS & Off Road News
Sign Up
Request Forms
Vehicle Sponsorships
Event Sponsorships
Pit Crew Discount Program
Dealer Spotlight
Corporate Information
Sport Truck USA
Office Hours: M-F 8:30am-5:00pm EST
491 W. Garfield Ave., Coldwater, MI 49036
Phone: 517-279-2135
Site search field
Search by Vehicle
Click any menu level to view selection(s)
Select your Year
All Years
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949
1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959
1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Select your Vehicle
Chevy / GMC
1 Ton Truck 2WD
1 Ton Truck 4WD
1/2 Ton Truck 2WD
1/2 Ton Truck 4WD
1500 Truck
2500 Truck
3/4 Ton Truck 2WD
3/4 Ton Truck 4WD
3500 Truck
Avalanche 1500 4WD
Avalanche 2500 4WD
Colorado/Canyon
Escalade AWD
K5 Blazer/Fullsize Jimmy 4WD
Pickup 4WD
S-10 Series 4WD
Suburban 1/2 Ton 4WD
Suburban 3/4 Ton 4WD
Tahoe / Yukon
4WD
Trailblazer / Envoy
Van G10, G20, G30 2WD
Yukon XL 1/2 Ton 4WD
Yukon XL 3/4 Ton 4WD
Dodge / Ram
"W" Pickup 1/2 & 3/4 Ton
1 Ton Truck 4WD
1/2 Ton Truck 4WD
1500 Mega Cab
1500 Rebel
1500 Truck
2500 Power Wagon
2500 Truck
3/4 Ton Truck 4WD
3500 Truck
Dakota
Pickup 4WD
Ramcharger, Trailduster 4WD
Ford
Bronco 4WD
Bronco II 2WD
Bronco II 4WD
Excursion 4WD
Expedition
Explorer
F100 2WD
F100 4WD
F150 2WD
F150 4WD
F150 Raptor
F250 2WD
F250 4WD
F250 TTB 4WD
F250/F350 Super Duty
F350 2WD
F350 4WD
F350 Monobeam 4WD
F350 Super Duty DRW
Ranger 2WD
Ranger 4WD
Van E-Series
Geo
Tracker - 2 Door
Jeep
Cherokee
CJ Series
Comanche
Commander
Gladiator
Grand Cherokee
J10, J20 Pickup
Liberty
Pickup
Wagoneer
Wrangler
Wrangler RHD
Mazda
Pickup 4WD
Other
International Pickup, Travelall
Suzuki / Geo
Samurai
Sidekick - 2 Door
Toyota
4 Runner
4 Runner 2WD
4 Runner 4WD
FJ Cruiser 4WD
Pickup IFS 4WD
T100 4WD
Tacoma 2WD
Tacoma 4WD
Tundra 2WD
Tundra 4WD
Shop By Categoreis
New BDS Suspension Kits & Products
View All Bds Suspension Products
Closeout Products
Order BDS Products by Part Number
Gear / Promo Products
BDS Suspension Instruction Library
Find a Local BDS Suspension Dealer
Signup for eNews
Be first to know about new products and offroad news from BDS SuspensionSign up
Career Opportunities
BDS Suspension/Sport Truck USA, Inc.Job Openings
Home
Made in the USA
Product Categories
Help
Product Information
PDF Installation Instructions
Purchasing BDS
Warranty
Purchase Options
Policies
Delivery/Shipping
Return Policy
Terms/Conditions
Privacy/Security
Account Information
My Account
View My Account
Update Account Info
My Gararge
Saved Projects
Start a Project
BDS & Off Road News
Email Signup
My Orders
Track an Order
Order History
BDS Gift Cards
Buy a gift card
Shopping Cart
Your Cart
Items: 0 | Total: $0.00
View Cart
Check out now
Member Login
Email Address:
Password:
Remember me:
Forgot your password?
Your password has been sent to you
Sign up for a BDS account to take advantage of 1-step checkout, save projects in your garage, order tracking, order history and other benefits.
Not a member? Sign Up!
First Name:
Last Name:
Area Code:
Primary Phone:
Street Address:
Apt, Suite, Building, Lot: (optional)
City:
State:
Postal Code:
Email Address:
Password:
Use only letters and numbers in password.
Send me occasional emails for promos and events
Log In | Register Close Panel
Welcome to bds-suspension.com
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to BDS-Suspension.com
This site is provided by BDS Suspension
Company (referred to throughout this site as BDS or
"bds-suspension.com" & "blog.bds-suspension.com") as a service to our customers. Please review the
following basic rules that govern your use of the bds-suspension.com & blog.bds-suspension.com sites. (the "Agreement"). Please note that your use of the
bds-suspension.com site (the "Site") constitutes your unconditional
agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use. Although you
may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass
this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to these Terms of
Use. BDS reserves the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at
any time without prior notice to you. Your use of the Site following
any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and
be bound by these Terms of Use as changed. For this reason, we
encourage you to review these Terms of Use whenever you use this Site.
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
By
accepting these Terms of Use through your use of the Site, you certify
that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are under the age of 18
but at least 13 years of age you may use this Site only under the
supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by
these Terms of Use. BDS does not intentionally collect personal
information about children under the age of 13. Children under the age
of 13 may not use this Site and parents or legal guardians may not
agree to these Terms of Use on their behalf. If you are a parent or
legal guardian agreeing to these Terms of Use for the benefit of a
child between the ages of 13 and 18, be advised that you are fully
responsible for his or her use of this Site, including all financial
charges and legal liability that he or she may incur. If you do not
agree to (or cannot comply with) any of these terms and conditions, do
not use this Site. All billing and registration information provided
must be truthful and accurate. Providing any untruthful or inaccurate
information may constitute a breach of these Terms of Use. By
confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree
to accept and pay for the item(s) requested.
All
materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons,
photographs, programs, music clips or downloads, video clips and
written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively,
the "Contents") are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use.
You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials
displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or
interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you
as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce
(except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display,
modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale
of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the
Site or any related software. All software used on this Site is the
property of BDS or its suppliers and protected by U.S. and
international copyright laws. The Contents and software on this Site
may be used only as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the
reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication,
display, or performance, of the Contents on this Site is strictly
prohibited.
Site Security
Users are
prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the
Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended
for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is
not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the
vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or
authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to
interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without
limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading,
"flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending
unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products
or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the
header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of
system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
BDS will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and
may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in
prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to
use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to
interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being
conducted on this Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to
use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism
(including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or
intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Site other than
generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Mozilla Firefox,
Microsoft Explorer).
CLICK TO VIEW our PRIVACY POLICY
Order Acceptance
Please
note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must
cancel. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any
order for any reason. Situations that may result in your order being canceled include
limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in
product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud
avoidance department. We may also require additional verifications or
information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any
portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to
accept your order. For your convenience, you will not be charged until your
payment method is authorized by the appropriate financial
institution. If your order is canceled after your credit card has been
charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card within
48 hours in the amount of the original
charge.
Pricing Information
While
BDS strives to provide accurate product and pricing information,
pricing or typographical errors may occur. BDS cannot confirm the price
of an item until after you order. In the event that an item is listed
at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in
pricing or product information, BDS shall have the right, at our sole
discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. In the
event that an item is mispriced, BDS may, at our discretion, either
contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of
such cancellation. Prices and availability are subject to change
without notice.
Quantity Limits and
Dealer Sales
BDS
reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity of
items purchased per person, per household or per order. These
restrictions may be applicable to orders placed by the same BDS
account, the same credit card, and also to orders that use the same
billing and/or shipping address. We will provide notification to the
customer should such limits be applied. BDS also reserves the right, at
our sole discretion, to prohibit sales to dealers.
Copyrights & Trademarks
BDS
expressly reserves all intellectual property rights in all text,
programs, products, processes, technology, content and other materials
which appear on this Site. Access to this Site does not confer and
shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any
of BDS or any third party's intellectual property rights.
The
BDS names and logos and all related product and service names, design
marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of BDS Suspension
Company. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection
with the materials contained on this Site. Access to this Site does not
authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner.
References
on this Site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties
or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided
solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or
imply BDS Suspension’s endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of
the third party, information, product or service. Bds-suspension.com is
not responsible for the content of any third party sites and does not
make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material
on such sites. If you decide to link to any such third party websites,
you do so entirely at your own risk.
User Reviews, Feedback, Submissions
All
reviews, comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other
submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to BDS on or by this Site
or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your
use of this Site (collectively, the "Comments") shall be and remain
BDS’s property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments
shall constitute an assignment to BDS of all worldwide rights, titles
and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in
the Comments.
Thus,
BDS will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and
shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of
any Comments. BDS will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, modify,
adapt, create derivative works from, publish, display and distribute
any Comments you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction
and without compensating you in any way. BDS is and shall be under no
obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to
user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user
Comments. You agree that any Comments submitted by you to the Site will
not violate this policy or any right of any third party, including
copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary
right(s), and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You
further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or
contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene
material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning,
commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of
"spam".
BDS
reserves the right (but not the obligation) to monitor and edit or
remove any Comments submitted to the Site. You grant BDS the right to
use the name that you submit in connection with any Comments. You agree
not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or
otherwise mislead as to the origin of any Comments you submit. You are
and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you
make and you agree to indemnify BDS and its affiliates for all claims
resulting from any Comments you submit. BDS and its affiliates take no
responsibility and assume no liability for any Comments submitted by
you or any third party.
BDS Difficulty Rating
& Installation Time
BDS
lists a difficulty rating and estimated installation time for its kits
as a service to its customers to be used as a guide. The times
mentioned are estimates. Actual installation time will vary. Add extra
time for wheel alignment, exhaust modification and driveshaft
modification. These times are based on installation performed by an ASE
certified mechanic who is familiar with the particular kit, has access
to all necessary tools and equipment, and is safely installing a kit on
a relatively clean and rust free vehicle. Due to these factors BDS is
not responsible for any estimates of time and/or dollars relative to
these estimates or any other reference to installation of any BDS
product.
Colors
We
have made every effort to display the colors of our products that
appear on the Site as accurately as possible. However, as the actual
colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that
your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Termination
These
Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or
BDS. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you
discontinue any further use of this Site. BDS also may terminate this
Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and
accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in BDS Suspension’s sole
discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this
Agreement. Upon any termination of the Agreement by either you or BDS,
you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise
obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials,
whether made under the Terms of Use or otherwise. BDS Suspension’s
right to any Comments shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
Disclaimer
This site is provided by bds-suspension.com on an "as
is" and "as available" basis. Bds-suspension.com makes no
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the
operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products
included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law,
bds-suspension.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but
not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, bds-suspension.com
disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, for any merchandise
offered on this site. You acknowledge, by your use of the bds-suspension.com
website, that your use of the site is at your sole risk. This disclaimer does
not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the item. This
disclaimer constitutes an essential part of this agreement. Some states do not
allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the foregoing limitations
may not apply to you.
Limitation of
Liability
Under no circumstances and under no legal or equitable
theory, whether in tort, contract, strict liability or otherwise, shall
bds-suspension.com or any of its affiliates, employees, directors, officers,
agents, vendors or suppliers be liable to you or to any other person for any
indirect, special, incidental or consequential losses or damages of any nature
arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use the
bds-suspension.com website, including, without limitation, damages for lost
profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, work stoppage, accuracy of results, or
computer failure or malfunction, even if an authorized representative of bds-suspension.com
has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. In
no event will bds-suspension.com be liable for any damages in excess of the
fees paid by you in connection with your use of the site during the six month
period preceding the date on which the claim arose.
General
This
Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties and
supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them.
Headings used in these Terms of Use are for reference purposes only and
in no way define or limit the scope of the section. If any provision of
this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such
provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
enforceable and the other terms of this Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect. The failure of bds-suspension.com to act with respect
to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a
waiver and shall not limit bds-suspension.com's rights with respect to
such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed under Michigan law without regard to
conflicts of law provisions. Any action or proceeding arising out of or
related to this Agreement or your use of this Site must be brought in
the state or federal courts of Michigan and you consent to the
exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Links to
Other Sites
The
Website may provide links to an external Web site. When you click on
such a link, you will leave bds-suspension.com. The privacy policy of
the external Web site will then be in effect, not BDS Suspension’s. BDS
does not control or makes an endorsement of any kind regarding the
external site or its privacy policy. BDS Suspension’s policy does not
extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet,
and therefore beyond BDS Suspension’s control, and is not to be applied
in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. We
do not control cookies from the other sites that you may link to from
bds-suspension.com .
Last revision date: January 20, 2010
Privacy & Security Policy
BDS is committed to
protecting your personal information. As a reminder, BDS does not
request personal information via e-mail or telemarketing. If someone
contacts you in this manner and requests personal information on behalf
of BDS, DO NOT RESPOND! Delete, disregard or hang up. These questions
are not from us. We want your personal information to remain private.
If you have questions about BDS's privacy practices, contact
stusa-webmaster@ridefox.com or call 517-279-2135.
Our Privacy Commitment To Our Customers
The
BDS Companies follow these privacy principles both online and offline
in the collection, use, sharing and security of customer information.
The BDS Companies:
Provide you NOTICE of our customer information practices.
Give you CHOICES about how your data may be used for
marketing purposes.
Provide you the opportunity to UPDATE or CORRECT your
personal information.
Use information SECURITY safeguards.
Limit the SHARING of your information.
Commit to COMPLYING with applicable privacy requirements.
Provide you with means to CONTACT US about privacy-related
issues.
We
value the relationship we have with our customers and are committed to
responsible information-handling practices. We take great care in
safeguarding your personal information and in complying with all
applicable federal and state privacy laws and our own internal
standards and best practices.
Sport Truck USA
Sport Truck
USA is the parent company of the BDS Companies, and as such, if you
provide information to any of the businesses, stores or Web sites owned
or operated by BDS, this information may be combined or shared between
current or future Sport Truck USA entities and subsidiaries. Sport
Truck USA operates businesses and websites under the names BDS
Suspension (bds-suspension.com), Truckmaster Distributing
(truck-master.com), and 4x4 Posi-Lok (4x4posi-lok.com), and Zone Off Road Products (www.zoneoffroad.com), among others.
Each
member of
and/or each website established by a
member of Sport Truck USA, may have its own privacy policy, which it
may modify as needed consistent with these principles.
BDS Privacy Policy
The
following Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy
practices for BDS Suspension, bds-suspension.com (the “BDS Web site”)
and all other locations, occasions or events where your personal
information is collected by, or on behalf of, BDS. When you provide us
your personal information, you consent to the information practices
described in this policy.
This Privacy Policy may
not apply to Websites that are accessible through the BDS sites. Our
Websites contain links to other sites operated by third parties,
including but not limited to third-party sites that display the BDS
trademarks. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those
other sites to learn how they collect, use, share and secure your
information.
What Information Does BDS Collect From Me?We may collect personal information such as:
Your contact information (name, mailing address, phone
number, e-mail address).
Your billing/shipping information (credit card number,
shipping address).
Your personal preferences (product wish lists, hobbies and
likes or dislikes relating to the products we may offer).
When Does BDS Collect Information From Me?
While
shopping or taking advantage of services available from us, we may ask
that you provide personal information. If you make an actual purchase via the BDS website, we send an electronic survey 10 days after shipping the goods. For example, we request personal
information when you:
Set up a My Garage account
Purchase products or services
Schedule delivery or installation
Participate in a sweepstakes, promotion or survey
Contact us with a question or concern
Participate in other activities with BDS
When
submitting personal information through an online form, we will
identify which fields are required in order to fulfill your request.
How Is My Information Used?We use the information you provide in order to:
Fulfill requests for products, services or information
Provide customer services
Administer sweepstakes, promotions or surveys
Offer new products and services
Improve the effectiveness of our Websites, our marketing
endeavors and our services and offers
Conduct research and analysis
Send marketing communications
Perform other business activities
Does BDS Share My Personal Information With Others?
BDS does not sell or rent your personal information to third
parties.
We
may need to share your personal information with certain third parties
such as our agents, service providers and other representatives acting
on our behalf for limited purposes. For example, we may share personal
information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such
as:
Fulfilling our customers' orders
Sending BDS marketing communications
Delivering packages
Scheduling and performing installations
Servicing products
Conducting research, analysis or administering surveys
Sending regular mail and e-mail on behalf of BDS
Processing credit card payments
The
third parties with whom we conduct business are only authorized to use
your information to perform the service for which they were hired. As
part of our agreement with them, they are required to follow the
privacy guidelines we provide them and to take reasonable measures to
ensure your personal information is secure.
From
time to time, we may be required to share personal information in
response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or
as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to
law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe
to be unlawful. We may share certain personal information when we
believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the
rights, property and safety of others and ourselves. We may also
transfer personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger,
acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
Do I Have Choices Regarding The Use Of My Information For Marketing Purposes?
BDS
is an opt-out organization. Once we receive your information, we may
send you marketing communications that contain valuable offers,
promotions and other content. You always have the ability to opt-in or
opt-out of receiving future marketing communications from BDS.
To opt-out of or opt-in to receiving marketing
communications from BDS, please take one of the following actions:
Follow the directions on a marketing e-mail or direct mail marketing
communication from us. All marketing communications from BDS will tell
you how to stop receiving them.
Call 517-279-2135 and provide your current contact
information.
Send an e-mail with your current contact information to:
stusa-webmaster@ridefox.com
Or, send a request with your current contact information
to:
If
you send an e-mail or letter request, please be sure to include your
full name, address, phone number and e-mail address and indicate
specifically what type of marketing communication(s) (e.g., e-mail,
direct mail and/or phone) you wish to receive or stop receiving. This
will ensure we identify you correctly in our systems and accurately
process your request.
BDS will take appropriate
steps to implement your request to opt-out of or opt-in to receiving
marketing communications. Please note that due to production, mailing
and system timelines, in order to remove you from our marketing lists,
it may take up to:
10 business days for e-mails
30 days for phone calls
6 weeks for direct mail
BDS Suspension
Attn: Privacy Manager
102 S. Michigan Avenue
Coldwater, MI  49036
Until that change takes effect, you may still receive
marketing communications from us.
Also,
please note that even though you may have opted out of receiving
marketing communications, you may still receive business-related
communications such as order confirmations, product recall information,
program membership status or updates or other
organization-related communications.
How Does BDS Secure My Personal Information?
We
have security measures in place and take reasonable precautions to
protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized access of your
personal information under our control. BDS cannot ensure or warrant
the security of any information you transmit to us by e-mail, and you
do so at your own risk.
Safe Shopping Policy on bds-suspension.com
Because
the security of your personal information is a high priority, we have
taken numerous steps to ensure that it is processed confidentially,
accurately and securely. The BDS Web sites use encryption technology,
such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal
information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information
such as your name, address and credit card number.
Choosing a Personal Password on bds-suspension.com
When
you create an online “My Garage” account on bds-suspension.com, you
need to select a personal password. To maximize your level of
protection, you should choose at least 6-30 characters including a
combination of both letters and numbers. You are solely responsible for
maintaining the secrecy of your password or any account information.
You have the ability to purchase on our site without using a password;
however, you will have to reenter your personal information each time
you use our site in order to make a purchase.
How Can I Update My Information?
BDS
wants your information and marketing preferences to be accurate and
complete. We provide several different methods for you to update your
personal information. To update your information:
If you’ve created an account on bds-suspension.com, you
can update your information after logging into your account
Call: 517-279-2135
Send a request to: stusa-webmaster@ridefox.com
Send a request to:
BDS Suspension,
Attn: Webmaster
102 S. Michigan Avenue
Coldwater, MI  49036
If
you send an e-mail or letter request, please be sure to indicate your
current information and the requested changes you would like made.
Does BDS Collect Information From Children?
We
will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information online
from children under the age of 13. We are committed to protecting the
privacy of children.
Paypal Security & Privacy Policies
Bds-suspension.com
utilizes PayPal payment processing service. Visit www.paypal.com for
information about PayPal security and privacy policies.
Whom May I Contact If I Have Questions Or Concerns About The Privacy Or Security Of My Information?
Please
contact our Privacy Manager to report any known or suspected privacy or
security breaches or to submit privacy or security-related questions or
complaints. After receiving your inquiry, we will respond within five
business days. You may contact us in the following ways:
Call: 517-279-2135
Send a communication to: stusa-webmaster@ridefox.com
Send a letter to:
BDS Suspension
Attn: Privacy Manager
102 S. Michigan Avenue
Coldwater, MI  49036
Will this privacy policy change?
Because
BDS Suspension will continue to implement new technologies and improve
the services and features we provide, this policy is subject to change.
If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will post
those changes here or in other formats for you to review. If we change
our information practices or this Privacy Policy in such a way that
your personal information may be used or shared in a different manner,
we will give you the opportunity to opt-out of having your information
used or shared in that new manner.
Last revision date: February 17, 2010
BDS Suspension
We make every effort to buy American and we hope you do as well. Buying American ensures that you are getting quality products made from quality materials.
Just as important is the fact that buying American keeps your hard-earned money in the American economy.
This is one of the biggest ways we as consumers can help revitalize the American economy and strengthen the US dollar.
It doesn't matter whether you are buying clothing, groceries or parts for your truck…buy American and buy with confidence that your money will stay in America.
Browse by Make
Chevy / GMC  Ford  Dodge / RAM  Jeep  Toyota
BDS Suspension
Copyright - 2020
Important: All pricing is shown in US Dollars
BDS reserves the right to update products as necessary without notice, and will not be held responsible for misprints, or changes/variations made by vehicle manufacturers. Use of this site is subject to the Site Terms & Conditions, which constitute a legal agreement between you and BDS Suspension, Co.