http://www.kemp-company.com/privacy-policy/
Kemp Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
brandlabs
2017-05-18T10:48:09+00:00
Our Commitment to PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Kemp Building and Development Co. website. On some pages, you can register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide about yourself when registering to receive our mailing list to complete your request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our news as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access or Correct Your InformationYou can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing info@kemp-company.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (248) 583-9030 or send us an email at info@kemp-company.com.