https://www.omigatech.co.uk/privacy-and-legal/
Privacy and Legal Information
How we use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Terms of Use
By using this website you must accept the restrictions listed on this page.
Website Text
All website text is copyrighted work belonging to Omiga Technology Limited and must not be reproduced without permission.
Unique Images/Videos
All website images and videos excluding stock images are copyright of Omiga Technology Limited and must not be reproduced without permission. This includes all company logo images, menu images, application story photographs, diagrams and videos.
Stock Photos Courtesy of:
pixabay.com, pexel.com
Company Certifications
All company certification logos displayed on this website are related to certifications obtained by Omiga Technology Limited. These logos must not be reproduced by another party without obtaining the relevant certification.
Trademarks
The following names used on this website are trademarks of National Instruments corporation:
LabVIEW
Privacy
Personal information such as name, address and email address is not collected or stored by this website. If an individual contacts Omiga Technology Limited via email or telephone, their name and business contact details will be logged.
Third Party Websites
This website provides links to third party sites. Omiga Technology Limited is not responsible for the content of these websites.
Registered Office:
Omiga Technology Ltd
Registered in England & Wales. Reg No. 4076328
VAT NUMBER 762 605 823
CookiesThis site uses cookies to improve your experience, Click here for more information..No problem