http://www.worldwideqa.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Worldwide QA
Home
Information
Our Clients
Company Profile
Company Presentation
Find Us
Contact Us
Other Offices
GDPR
Management Systems Specialist
Worldwide Quality Assurance can bring the management system that is right for your company directly to your front door. Management System standards can apply to any business of any size, whether service or product oriented.
Standards such as ISO 9001 are common sense standards that help you maintain the desired quality of your product or service. We can assist you every step of the way to becoming a company certified in the standard that suits your specific needs.
Specialists in Transport & Logistics
Partners with the Chemical Industry
Other industries we service...
Standards we audit...
Privacy Policy
At Worldwide Quality Assurance we respect the privacy of every individual who visits our website or communicates with us. The information you give to us is only used when dealing with you.
The following policy statement outlines the information Worldwide Quality Assurance will collect and how we will use that information. It also lets you know what to do if you want us to remove personal information about you collected or stored during previous visits to the site.
How we collect and use personal information
We follow strict security procedures in the collection, storage and disclosure of the information you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access and misuse, as required by the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998.
We do not collect any personally identifying information from you unless we specifically need it - for example to send you an info pack, get you in contact with a local Representative or Leader. We gather non-specific information on the numbers of visitors to certain areas to monitor site usage to help us continually improve the design and layout of the site.
Whenever you send us information we will NOT on any circumstance give or sell this information to any 3rd parties. Your information is safe with us and will not be sold for any purpose.
Acceptance of these Terms
By using this website, you agree to this Privacy and Security Statement. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the website. Worldwide Quality Assurance reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Your continued use of the Worldwide Quality Assurance website following the posting of changes to our Privacy and Security Policy will signify your acceptance of those changes. improvements.
Follow us on Twitter
Follow @Worldwideqa
Search our Clients
Our Clients
Middle & Far East Clients
Asia Pacific Clients
Oman Clients
Our Services
Training
UKAS
ISO 9000
ISO 14001
OHSAS 18001
CDI-T
CDI-MPC
Complaints & Appeals