http://www.verder.com/footer/privacy-statement/
Sample preparation Laboratory mills & crushersCutters & Polishers for MetallographyFurnaces & OvensAnalysis of solids Elemental analysersHardness tester & microstructural analyzersOptical particle analyzersSieve shakers & test sievesPumping equipment Tube pumpsCentrifugal pumpsPiston diaphragm pumpsPeristaltic pumpsDiaphragm pumpsHygienic equipment Hygienic centrifugal pumpsHygienic diaphragm pumpsLobe pumpsTwin Screw Pumps Automotive & AerospaceConstructionEnergy ChemistryFood & beveragesLaboratory and Universities MiningOEMPaper Pharma & CosmeticsRecyclingWater  PeopleVerder DNAPindustryHistory Code of Business PrincipleCareers Verder Our offices
Privacy Statement
1. IntroductionThis privacy notice applies to the personal data of persons that is collected or used by Verder International B.V. or its affiliates or subsidiaries (“Verder” or “we”). We appreciate the interest you have shown in our company, products and services by visiting our websites or related communication channels, including, but not limited to, our social media pages (together the "Site"). This privacy statement (the “Statement”) applies to all the personal data that Verder collects when you interact with Verder.This Statement describes why personal data is gathered by Verder, the type of information that Verder  collects from you and other users of the Site, how this is done, what Verder does with this information, and how you can update and control the use of information you provide. This Statement may change from time to time, so you are advised to frequent it on a regular basis. By visiting the Site, you accept and consent to the practices described in this Statement. By continuing to access or make use of our services after the changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Statement.1.1. Why we ask you to share personal dataWe ask you to share your personal data with us for purposes that include, but are not limited to:• Buying Verder products and services online;• Receiving information about Verder products and services;• Storing your preferences for future interactions and communications from Verder;• Helping us to develop and improve products and services;• Resolving product and services issues;• Receiving personalized messages, special offers and advertisements that are relevant to your personal interests, based on the information you have shared with us and on the information we have collected through cookies or similar techniques regarding your use of the Site;• Managing customer relationships;• Facilitating information access;• Enhancing communications;• Analysing and understanding customer interactions;• Implementing security programs;• Answering your questions or the resolution of your product and service requests as well as informing you about the status thereof;Verder processes your personal data only for those purposes that we have communicated with you. 1.2. The type of personal information gathered and obtained by Verder Types of information gathered by Verder include information: (i) given by users, (ii) obtained automatically, (iii) obtained from cookies and comparable technologies, (iv) obtained from email communications, and (v) obtained from other sources. (i) Information given by users Verder receives and stores information that you enter on the Site or provide to Verder in any way. You provide information to Verder when you, for instance, search the Site, contribute submissions, establish an account, buy a product or service, post a message, participate in a forum or questionnaire, when you subscribe to newsletters or communicate with customer service. As a result of these actions, you might supply Verder with information such as the your name, address, phone number and other contact information, e-mail address, profession and interests related thereto, fulfilment of continuing education requirements, , fields of interest, people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and phone number, content of e-mails to Verder and financial and  personal information, including identifying account numbers. You can choose not to provide certain information, but Verder, as a result, might not allow you to take advantage of some of the offerings or information.   (ii) Information obtained automatically Certain information is automatically received and stored by Verder when you interact with Verder and/or the Site. Examples of this information are the internet protocol (“IP”) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your e-mail address, your computer and connection information such as browser type and version, your operating system and platform, the full Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) clickstream to, through, and from the Site, including dates and times, cookie number and products and services you view or search for while using the Site.  You cannot delete traces of your activity on the Site. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help users visit web sites anonymously. Verder does not prohibit the use of these utilities. However, Verder may not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at the Site if Verder cannot identify you. (iii) Information obtained from cookies and comparable technologies The Site uses "cookies" and/or comparable technologies to obtain information when a web browser accesses the Site. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that Verder transfers to your computer hard drive through your web browser to enable Verder’s system to recognize your browser. Cookies allow you to take full advantage of the Site’s features. New information technologies are always being developed and Verder may use such technologies for information collection purposes. Use of these new technologies is contemplated by and consistent with the terms of this Statement. (iv) Information obtained from e-mail communications Verder may receive information through e-mail communications. When you open an e-mail from Verder, a confirmation notice with certain information may be sent to Verder, provided your computer supports such capabilities. (v) Information obtained from other sources Verder may  obtain personal information about you from other sources and combine this with the personal information gathered otherwise. For instance, Verder may:(a)  search the Internet for relevant and publicly available content;  (b) obtain updated delivery and address information from its shippers or other sources (insofar received without breach of applicable law or contract) so that it can correct its records and deliver purchases and communications more easily;  (c) receive reports from third parties that provide information obtained from or about users of the Site or potential users of the Site (insofar received without breach of applicable law or contract); and (d) collect information on or through the Site directly, or it may rely on agents or independent contractors to collect and/or analyse such information (insofar collected without breach of applicable law or contract). Verder may share your personal information You have the opportunity not to disclose personal information. When you do provide personal information to Verder, you consent to Verder’s use of the information as provided in this Statement. Information about you and other users of the Site is important to Verder’s business. Verder may share information it has compiled to service providers, business partners or other third parties in accordance with applicable law. As Verder continues to develop its business, it is possible that Verder  sells one of her businesses (either through a sale of assets and liabilities or through a sale of shares (in both cases, in whole or in part). In such transaction, generally customer information is transferred too. As such, customer information (including personal information) may be disclosed to the purchasing company. In all examples given above, Verder will comply with applicable law and regulations and with any agreement concluded with you. If Verder is required to obtain your consent, we will do so before sharing any information.Verder takes measures to protect personal information We recognize and take seriously our responsibility to protect the personal data you entrust to Verder from loss, misuse or unauthorized access. Verder uses a variety of security technologies and organizational procedures to help protect your personal information. For example, we implement access controls, use firewalls and secure servers, and we encrypt certain types of data, such as financial information and other sensitive data.Your rights with respect to your personal informationOnce you have provided us with your personal information, Verder gives you reasonable access to that information so you may make use of your rights in accordance with applicable law (which may include to have your personal information updated, modified or deleted). If you want to access your information or if you want to make use of your other rights, please contact your Verder contact person. You can choose not to provide informationYou may choose not to provide information to Verder, though that might prevent you from making a purchase or taking advantage of some Site features, offerings or information.  The site is not intended for childrenThe Site and the products, services, and information on the site are not intended for children. If you are under the age of 18, you should not use the Site. Linking to other websitesDuring your visit to the Site, you may encounter links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from Verder, and may have their own privacy notices, statements or policies. We strongly suggest that you review them to understand how your personal data may be processed in connection with those sites, as we are not responsible for the content of non-Verder-owned or managed sites, or the use or privacy practices of those sites.Transfer of data to other countriesWe want to know you better so that we can serve you better while at the same time respecting your choices about how we use your personal information. Your personal information may be transferred from your home country to other Verder companies in different locations around the world, which may communicate with you about Verder products, services or special offers that you may be interested in.If local law requires it, we will ask for prior consent to transfer your personal data outside of your geographic region.Changes to this Statement Because the Site and Verder’s business change constantly, this Statement may change from time to time. Use of information that Verder gathers is subject to the Statement in effect at the time of use. We invite you to check the Site frequently to see recent changes.  If you have any concern, question of remarks about privacy at the Site, please send a description of your concern to info@verder.com(Version 04/2018)