https://www.moonblue.com.au/terms-conditions/
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
About the Website
Welcome to www.moonblue.com.au (the ‘Website‘). The Website provides you with an opportunity to browse and purchase various products that have been listed for sale through the Website (the ‘Products‘). The Website provides this service  by  way  of  granting  you  access  to  the  content  on  the Website  (the ‘Purchase Services‘).
The Website is operated by Moonblue Berries PTY. LTD. (ABN 36 104 909 944). Access to and use of the Website, or any of its associated Products or Purchase Services, is provided by Moonblue Berries. Please read these terms and conditions (the ‘Terms‘) carefully. By using, browsing and/or reading the Website, this signifies that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, you must cease usage of the Website, or any of the Purchase Services, immediately.
Moonblue Berries reserves the right to review and change any of the Terms by updating this page at its sole discretion. When Moonblue Berries updates the Terms, it will use reasonable endeavours to provide you with notice of updates to the Terms. Any changes to the Terms take immediate effect from the date of their publication. Before you continue, we recommend you keep a copy of the Terms for your records.
Acceptance of the Terms
You accept the Terms by remaining on the Website. You may also accept the Terms by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms where this option is made available to you by Moonblue Berries in the user interface.
Registration to use the Purchase Services
In order to access the Purchase Services, you must first register as a user of the Website. As part of the registration process, or as part of your continued use of the Purchase Services, you may be required to provide personal information about yourself (such as identification or contact details), including:
an email address
a mailing address
a telephone number
Full Name.
You warrant that any information you give to Moonblue Berries in the course of completing the registration process will always be accurate, correct and up to date.
Once you have  completed the registration process, you will be a registered member of the Website (‘Member’) and agree to be bound by the Terms. As a Member you will be granted immediate access to the Purchase Services.
You may not use the Purchase Services and may not accept the Terms if:
you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Moonblue Berries;
or
you are a person barred from receiving the Purchase Services under the laws of Australia or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Purchase Services.
Your obligations as a Member
As a Member, you agree to comply with the following:
You will use the Purchase Services only for purposes that are permitted by:
the Terms;
any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions;
you have the sole responsibility for protecting the confidentiality of your password and/or email address. Use of your password by any other person may result in the immediate cancellation of the Purchase Services;
any  use  of  your  registration  information  by  any  other  person,  or  third parties, is strictly prohibited. You agree to immediately notify Moonblue Berries of any unauthorised use of your password or email address or any breach of security of which you have become aware;
access and use of the Website is limited, non-transferable and allows for the sole use of the Website by you for the purposes of Moonblue Berries providing the Purchase Services;
you will not use the Purchase Services or Website for any illegal and/or unauthorised use which includes collecting email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorised framing of or linking to the Website;
you agree that commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from the Website without notice and may result in termination of the Purchase Services. Appropriate legal action will be taken by Moonblue Berries for any illegal or unauthorised use of the Website; and
you acknowledge and agree that any automated use of the Website or its Purchase Services is prohibited.
Purchase of Products and Returns Policy
In using the Purchase Services to purchase the Product through the Website, you will agree to the payment of the purchase price listed on the Website for the Product (the ‘Purchase Price‘).
Payment of the Purchase Price may be made through one of the following third party providers:
Paypal
(the ‘Payment Gateway Providers‘)
In using the Purchase Services, you warrant that you have familiarised yourself with, and agree to be bound by, the applicable Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy and other relevant legal documentation provided by the Payment Gateway Providers.
Following   payment   of   the  Purchase  Price  being  confirmed  by   Moonblue Berries, you will be issued with a receipt to confirm that the payment has been received and Moonblue Berries may record your purchase details for future use.
Moonblue Berries may, at their sole discretion, provide a refund on the return of the  Products  within  7  days  where  the  Product  packaging  is  unopened  and remains in a saleable condition. You acknowledge and agree that you are liable for any postage and shipping costs associated with any refund pursuant to this clause.
Warranty
Moonblue Berries’s Products come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure of the Product. You are also entitled to have the Products repaired or replaced if the Products fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure (the ‘Warranty‘).
You may make a claim under this clause (the ‘Warranty Claim‘) for material defects and workmanship in the Products within 1 month from the date of purchase (the ‘Warranty Period‘).
In order to make a Warranty Claim during the Warranty Period, you must provide proof of purchase to Moonblue Berries showing the date of purchase of the Products,  provide  a  description  of  the  Products  and  the  price  paid  for  the Products by sending  written notice to  Moonblue Berries at  RMB 3160, Moondarra, Victoria 3825, Australia or by email at kate@moonblue.com.au.
Where the Warranty Claim is accepted then Moonblue Berries will, at its sole discretion, either repair or replace any defective Products or part thereof with a new or remanufactured equivalent during the Warranty Period at no charge to you for parts or labour. You acknowledge and agree that you will be solely liable for any postage or shipping costs incurred in facilitating the Warranty Claim.
The Warranty shall be the sole and exclusive warranty granted by Moonblue Berries and shall be the sole and exclusive remedy available to you in addition to other rights and under a law in relation to the Products to which this warranty relates.
All implied warranties including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for use are limited to the Warranty Period.
The Warranty does not apply to any appearance of the supplied Products nor to the additional excluded items set forth below nor to any supplied Products where the exterior of which has been damaged or defaced, which has been subjected to misuse, abnormal service or handling, or which has been altered or modified in design or construction.
Delivery
You acknowledge that the Purchase Services offered by Moonblue Berries integrate delivery (the ‘Delivery Services‘) through the use of third party delivery companies (the ‘Delivery Service Providers‘).
In providing the Purchase Services, Moonblue Berries may provide you with a variety of delivery and insurance options offered as part of the Delivery Services by the Delivery Service Providers. You acknowledge and agree that Moonblue Berries is not the provider of these delivery and insurance options and merely facilitates your interaction with the Delivery Service Providers in respect to providing the Delivery Services.
In the event  that  an  item is  lost  or  damaged in the course of  the Delivery Services, Moonblue Berries asks that you:
contact the Delivery Service Provider directly to request a refund or to claim on any insurance options available; and
contact us by sending an email to kate@moonblue.com.au outlining in what way the Products were damaged in transit so we are able to determine if the Delivery Service Provider should be removed from the Purchase Services.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
The Website, the Purchase Services and all of the related products of Moonblue Berries are subject to copyright. The material on the Website is protected by copyright under the laws of Australia and through international treaties. Unless otherwise indicated, all rights (including copyright) in the site content and compilation of the website (including text, graphics, logos, button icons, video images, audio clips and software) (the ‘Content’) are owned or controlled for these purposes, and are reserved by Moonblue Berries or its contributors.
Moonblue Berries retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Website and all related content.  Nothing you do on or in relation to the Website will transfer to you:
the business name, trading name, domain name, trade mark, industrial design, patent, registered design or copyright of Moonblue Berries; or
the right to use or exploit a business name, trading name, domain name, trade mark or industrial design; or
a system or process that is the subject of a patent, registered design or copyright (or an adaptation or modification of such a system or process).
You may not, without the prior written permission of Moonblue Berries and the permission of any other relevant rights owners: broadcast, republish, up-load to a third party, transmit, post, distribute, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the Content or third party contact for any purpose. This prohibition does not extend to materials on the Website which are freely available for re-use or are in the public domain.
Privacy
Moonblue Berries takes your privacy seriously and any information provided through your use of the Application and/or the Purchase Services are subject to Moonblue Berries ‘s Privacy Policy, which is available on the Application.
General Disclaimer
You   acknowledge   that   Moonblue Berries does   not   make   any   terms, guarantees, warranties, representations or conditions whatsoever regarding the Products other than provided for pursuant to these Terms.
Moonblue Berries will make every effort to ensure a Product is accurately depicted on the Website, however, you acknowledge that sizes, colours and packaging may differ from what is displayed on the Website.
Nothing   in   these   Terms   limits   or   excludes   any   guarantees,   warranties, representations or conditions implied or imposed by law, including the Australian Consumer Law (or any liability under them) which by law may not be limited or excluded.
Subject to this clause, and to the extent permitted by law:
all terms, guarantees, warranties, representations or conditions which are not expressly stated in these Terms are excluded; and
Moonblue Berries we will not be liable for any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage (unless such loss or damage is reasonably foreseeable resulting from our failure to meet an applicable Consumer Guarantee), loss of profit or opportunity, or damage to goodwill arising out of or in connection with the Purchase Services or these Terms (including as a result of not being able to use the Purchase Services or the late supply of the Purchase Services), whether at common law, under contract, tort (including negligence), in equity, pursuant to statute or otherwise.
Use of the Website, the Purchase Services, and any of the products of Moonblue Berries (including the Delivery Services), is at your own risk.  Everything on Website, the Purchase Services, and the Products of Moonblue Berries, are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without warranty or condition  of  any  kind.  None  of  the  affiliates,  directors,  officers,  employees, agents, contributors, third party content providers or licensors of Moonblue Berries (including any third party where the Delivery Services are made available to you) make any express or implied representation or warranty about its Content or any products or Purchase Services (including the products or Purchase Services of Moonblue Berries) referred to on the Website. This includes (but is not restricted to) loss or damage you might suffer as a result of any of the following:
failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, failure to correct defects, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or other harmful component, loss of data, communication line failure, unlawful third party conduct, or theft, destruction, alteration or unauthorised access to records;
the accuracy, suitability or currency of any information on the Website, the Purchase Service, or any of its Content related products (including third party material and advertisements on the Website);
costs incurred as a result of you using the Website, the Purchase Services or any of the Products;
the Content or operation in respect to links which are provided for the User’s convenience;
any failure to complete a transaction, or any loss arising from e-commerce transacted on the Website; or
any defamatory, threatening, offensive or unlawful conduct of third parties or publication of any materials relating to or constituting such conduct.
Limitation of Liability
Moonblue Berries’s  total  liability  arising  out  of  or  in  connection  with  the Purchase Services or these Terms, however arising, including under contract, tort (including negligence), in equity, under statute or otherwise, will not exceed the most recent Purchase Price paid by you under these Terms or where you have not paid the Purchase, then the total liability of Moonblue Berries is the resupply of information or Purchase Services to you.
You  expressly  understand  and  agree  that  Moonblue Berries,  its  affiliates, employees, agents, contributors, third party content providers and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special consequential or exemplary damages which may be incurred by you, however caused and under any theory of liability. This shall include, but is not limited to, any loss of profit (whether  incurred  directly  or  indirectly),  any  loss  of  goodwill  or  business reputation and any other intangible loss.
Moonblue Berries is not responsible or liable in any manner for any site content (including the Content and Third Party Content) posted on the Website or in connection with the Purchase Services, whether posted or caused by users of the website of Moonblue Berries, by third parties or by any of the Purchase Services offered by Moonblue Berries.
You  acknowledge  that  Moonblue Berries does  not  provide  the  Delivery Services to you and you agree that Moonblue Berries will not be liable to you for any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of profit or opportunity,  or  damage  to  goodwill  arising  out  of  or  in  connection  with  the Delivery Services.
Termination of Contract
The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or by Moonblue Berries as set out below.
If you want to terminate the Terms, you may do so by:
notifying Moonblue Berries at any time; and
closing your accounts for all of the Purchase Services which you use, where Moonblue Berries has made this option available to you. Your notice should be sent, in writing, to Moonblue Berries via the ‘Contact Us’ link on our homepage.
Moonblue Berries may at any time, terminate the Terms with you if:
you have breached any provision of the Terms or intend to breach any provision;
Moonblue Berries is required to do so by law;
the partner with whom Moonblue Berries offered the Purchase Services to you has terminated its relationship with Moonblue Berries or ceased to offer the Purchase Services to you;
Moonblue Berries is transitioning to no longer providing the Purchase Services to Users in the country in which you are resident or from which you use the service; or
the provision of the Purchase Services to you by Moonblue Berries is, in the opinion of Moonblue Berries, no longer commercially viable.
Subject  to  local  applicable  laws,  Moonblue Berries reserves  the  right  to discontinue or cancel your membership to the Website at any time and may suspend or deny, in its sole discretion, your access to all or any portion of the Website or the Purchase Services without notice if you breach any provision of the Terms or any applicable law or if your conduct impacts Moonblue Berries’s name or reputation or violates the rights of those of another party.
When the Terms come to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and Moonblue Berries have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Terms have been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and the provisions of this clause shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify Moonblue Berries, its affiliates, employees, agents, contributors, third party content providers and licensors from and against:
all actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, costs, expenses, loss and damage (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis) incurred, suffered or arising out of or in connection with any Content you post through the Website;
any direct or indirect consequences of you accessing, using or transacting on the Website or attempts to do so and any breach by you or your agents of these Terms; and/or
any breach of the Terms.
Dispute Resolution
Compulsory:
If a dispute arises out of or relates to the Terms, either party may not commence any Tribunal or Court proceedings in relation to the dispute, unless the following clauses have been complied with (except where urgent interlocutory relief is sort).
Notice:
A party to the Terms claiming a dispute (‘Dispute‘) has arisen under the Terms, must give written notice to the other party detailing the nature of the dispute, the desired outcome and the action required to settle the Dispute.
Resolution:
On  receipt  of  that  notice  (‘Notice‘)  by  that  other  party,  the  parties  to  the  Terms (‘Parties‘) must:
Within 14 days of the Notice endeavour in good faith to resolve the Dispute expeditiously by negotiation or such other means upon which they may mutually agree;
If for any reason whatsoever, 14 days after the date of the Notice, the Dispute  has  not  been  resolved,  the  Parties  must  either  agree  upon selection  of  a  mediator  or  request  that  an  appropriate  mediator  be appointed by the President of the Australian Mediation Association or his or her nominee;
The Parties are equally liable for the fees and reasonable expenses of a mediator and the cost of the venue of the mediation and without limiting the foregoing undertake to pay any amounts requested by the mediator as a pre-condition to the mediation commencing. The Parties must each pay their own costs associated with the mediation;
The mediation will be held in Victoria, Australia.
Confidential
All communications concerning negotiations made by the Parties arising out of and in connection  with  this  dispute  resolution  clause  are  confidential  and  to  the  extent possible, must be treated as “without prejudice” negotiations for the purpose of applicable laws of evidence.
Termination of Mediation:
If 3 months have elapsed after the start of a mediation of the Dispute and the Dispute has not been resolved, either Party may ask the mediator to terminate the mediation and the mediator must do so.
Venue and Jurisdiction
The Purchase Services offered by Moonblue Berries is intended to be viewed by residents of Australia. In the event of any dispute arising out of or in relation to the Website, you agree that the exclusive venue for resolving any dispute shall be in the courts of Victoria, Australia.
Governing Law
The Terms are governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia. Any dispute, controversy, proceeding or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to the Terms and the rights created hereby shall be governed, interpreted and construed by, under and pursuant to the laws of Victoria, Australia, without reference to conflict of law principles, notwithstanding mandatory rules. The validity of this governing law clause is not contested. The Terms shall be binding to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns.
Independent Legal Advice
Both parties confirm and declare that the provisions of the Terms are fair and reasonable and both parties having taken the opportunity to obtain independent legal advice and declare the Terms are not against public policy on the grounds of inequality or bargaining power or general grounds of restraint of trade.
Severance
If any part of these Terms is found to be void or unenforceable by a Court of competent jurisdiction, that part shall be severed and the rest of the Terms shall remain in force.