http://www.mesh.damwebdev.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy - Multimesh UK
Skip to content
HOMEABOUTPRODUCTSAgricultural, Equestrian and Veterinary MeshArchitectural MeshAutoclave Baskets and Autoclave TraysBalustrade Infill Panels | Bridge Mesh Infill Panels | Balustrade MeshCatering Wire Baskets & Trays | Catering TrolleysCrimped MeshDin Baskets and Medical Instrument Sterilisation TraysDisplay Racks and Leaflet HoldersExpanded Metal SheetsPerforated Metal SheetsSmoking Ovens – Wire Racks and TraysMild Steel Weld Mesh | Welded Wire MeshStainless Steel Weld MeshUltrasonic Decontamination Baskets – Aerospace, Ultrasonic, IndustrialWelded Wedge WireWire Oven Racks and Oven TraysNEWS AND BLOGCONTACT
Search for:
Privacy policyMultimesh2018-08-31T13:18:16+00:00
Privacy policy
Introduction
Effective date: May 24, 2018
Multimesh (UK) Limited (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.multimesh.co.uk website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Multimesh (UK) Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Multimesh (UK) Limited may change this policy periodically by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Please read the policy carefully and contact you with any questions or concerns about your privacy practices.
Data Controller
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
What information do we collect?
While using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
• Contact information including email address
• Name and company name
• Demographic information such as address, state, province, ZIP/postal code, city
• Cookies and usage data
• Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We may use your personal data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
How do we use personal information?
We use your information for service and business related purposes for which we will process data. This may include things like:
• Personalisation of content, business information or user experience
• Account set up and administration
• Delivering marketing services
• Carrying out polls and surveys
• Providing goods and services
• Legal obligations (eg prevention of fraud)
• Meeting internal audit requirements
Please note this list is not exhaustive.
When do we share personal data?
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Multimesh (UK) Limited will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of data
Legal requirements
Multimesh (UK) Limited may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
• To comply with a legal obligation
• To protect and defend the rights or property of Multimesh (UK) Limited
• To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
• To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
• To protect against legal liability
•
Security of data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Retention of data
Multimesh (UK) Limited will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Multimesh (UK) Limited will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Your rights
Multimesh (UK) Limited aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data.
If you wish to be informed what personal data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
• To access and receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you
• To rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate
• To request the deletion of personal data held about you
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
enquiries@multimesh.co.uk
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience.
In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
Multimesh UK
Eurolink House, Lea Green Industrial Estate,
St. Helens WA9 4QU, United Kingdom
Call us on +44 (0)1744 820 666
Email us at enquiries@multimesh.co.uk
Copyright 2020 Multimesh | Privacy
|
Site by David Antrobus Marketing
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you
Go to Top