https://www.resourceconnection.com/policies.htm
Store
EPIC
Purchase EPIC Credits
EPIC Login
Everything DiSC®
What is DiSC®
Choosing & Using DiSC®
Everything DiSC® Assessments
Everything DiSC Workplace®
Everything DiSC® Agile EQ™
Everything DiSC® Productive Conflict
Everything DiSC® Management
Everything DiSC Work of Leaders®
Everything DiSC® Sales
Everything DiSC® 363® for Leaders
Everything DiSC® Essentials
Everything DiSC® Bonus Video
Everything DiSC® Resources
Everything DiSC® on Catalyst™
About Everything DiSC® on Catalyst™
Everything DiSC® on Catalyst™
What can Catalyst do?
Catalyst Q & A
DiSC® Certification
Everything DiSC Workplace® In-Person
Everything DiSC Workplace® Online
Everything DiSC® Management Online
The Five Behaviors®
About The Five Behaviors®
About Patrick Lencioni
The Five Behaviors® Model
The Five Behaviors® Assessments
Personal Development
Teams Powered by Everything DiSC®
Teams Powered by All Types™
Five Behaviors®:Teams Accreditation
Five Behaviors® Workshops
DiSC® Classic
About DiSC® Classic
DiSC® Classic Facilitation
DiSC® Classic Paper Profiles
DiSC® Classic Online Profiles
DiSC® Classic Resources
MBTI®-TKI
About MBTI® & TKI
MBTI®Complete
MBTI®
TKI
Workshops
TRC Workshops Offered
DiSC® Workshops
Team Development
Leadership Development
Talent Development
Customized Training
TRC-The Resource Connection LLC Policies
Welcome to TRC-The Resource Connection LLC. TRC-The Resource Connection LLC provides products and services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at TRC-The Resource Connection LLC, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
Privacy Policy
TRC-The Resource Connection LLC
Privacy Policy
TRC- The Resource Connection LLC ("TRC", "we", "our", and "us") is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This policy explains how and why we use the information we collect and receive on our website at www.resourceconnection.com (the "Site") and how you can tell us if you would prefer us not to use the information, or to limit its use. By using the Site, you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy.
About Us
TRC- The Resource Connection LLC is a company formed under the laws of the state of Florida in the United States (company number L12000056219). Our registered office address is 525 Sheridan Drive, Orlando, Florida 32804.
TRC is the data controller of any personal data you provide to us or that we collect about you when you use the Site. To the extent that your employer provides data to us regarding you, your employer is the data controller of that data and we process that data in accordance with our agreement with your controller.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or your information, or to exercise any of your rights as described in this privacy policy or under data protection laws, you can contact us:
By mail: TRC- The Resource Connection, LLC, 525 Sheridan Drive, Orlando, Florida 32804
By email: info@resourceconnection.com
Data Protection Principles
TRC adheres to the following principles when processing your personal data:
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency - data must be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
Purpose limitation - data must be collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.
Data minimization - data must be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
Accuracy - data must be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Storage limitation - data must be kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed.
Integrity and confidentiality - data must be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage by using appropriate technical or organizational measures.
Personal data we collect
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with information through your use of the Site, such as when you place an order, when you set up an administrative account with EPIC or other services we provide, or when you use our “Contact Us” feature.
The categories of personal data you provide may include:
first and last name;
gender;
e-mail address;
username, password and other registration information;
contact preferences;
postal address;
telephone number;
any other identifier that permits TRC to make contact with you;
your payment card information.
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through our Site. Sensitive personal data is information relating to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership; health or sex life, sexual orientation; genetic data or biometric data. If we do collect sensitive personal data, we will ask for your explicit consent to our proposed use of that data at the time of collection.
Cookies
Each time you visit our Site, we will automatically collect the following information: IP address and information on how you use the site and the portions of the Site that you access.
We utilize online identification technologies – such as cookies, web beacons, or pixels – on our Site, but only if you have consented to such technologies. Cookies are commonly used, small text files placed on your hard drive by us or a third party when you visit the Site. Cookies store information which is then sent back to our servers or those of third parties, as applicable.
If you don't want us to use cookies when you use the Site, you can set your internet browser not to accept cookies. However, if you block cookies some of the features on this Site may not function as a result. You can find more information about how to manage cookies for all the commonly used internet browsers by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org. This website will also explain how you can delete cookies which are already stored on your browser.
The Site uses Google Analytics cookies for analytics purposes, including to collect data on how you use our site, and a shopping cart cookie, which enables us to understand and maintain the contents of your shopping cart.
Please note that we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry has not reached a consensus as to Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions.
What we do with your personal data
We will only use your personal data if we have a legal basis for doing so, including:
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract;
for our legitimate interests or those of a third party;
where you have given consent to our specific use.
The purpose for which we use and process your information and the legal basis on which we carry out each type of processing is further explained below.
Purposes for which we will process the information
Legal Basis for the processing
To deliver services to users and process orders.
We process your personal data in order to deliver the services and process orders to fulfill our contractual obligations.
To inform you of updates and changes to our services.
It is in our legitimate interests to inform our current clients about updates and changes to our services. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
To invite you to participate in “Client Only Educational Webinars or Certifications” relating to our products and services and to engage in other educational and marketing activity.
We engage in electronic marketing to you with your consent. With respect to other marketing activities, it is in our legitimate interests to market our services. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
To notify you of any changes to the Site that may affect you.
It is in our legitimate interests to ensure that any changes to the Site are communicated to you. We consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
To provide you with information and services that you request from us.
We respond to your requests in connection with the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract;
To administer our Site including troubleshooting, data
analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve our Site to ensure that consent is presented
in the most effective manner for you and your computer, Device or other
item of hardware through which you access the Site; and
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets;
For all these categories, it is in our legitimate interests to continually monitor and improve our services and your experience of the Site and to ensure network security. We consider this use to be necessary for our legitimate interests and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
To keep our Site safe and secure.
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your
personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation;
if necessary to protect the vital interests of a
person;
to enforce or apply our terms of use or to establish,
exercise or defend the rights of TRC, our staff, clients or others.
For all of these categories, we process data to comply with our legal obligations.
Where you provide consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time and free of charge, but without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You can update your details or change your privacy preferences by contacting us using the contact details set out above.
TRC will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you in a timely manner and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or if you have ordered products or services from us, in each case, if you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. This can include information about products or services which may be of interest to you, details of events hosted by us and web based administrative/learning platform updates.
If you would prefer not to receive any direct marketing communications from us, you can opt-out at any time by contacting us at info@resourceconnection.com.
Disclosure of your personal data to third parties
TRC will share your personal data with our group companies, affiliates and advisers as necessary to carry out the purposes for which the information was supplied or collected.
Personal data will also be shared with our third party service providers, including without limitation John Wiley & Sons, Inc. and CPP, Inc, who assist with the running of the Site including marketing and others, and in the provision of our services. Our third party service providers are subject to security and confidentiality obligations and are only permitted to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
In addition, TRC will disclose information about you:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if all or substantially all of TRC's assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation;
if necessary to protect the vital interests of a person;
to enforce or apply our terms of use or to establish, exercise or defend the rights of TRC, our staff, clients or others.
International Transfers
We share your personal data with our third party service providers, including John Wiley & Sons, Inc. and CPP, Inc. Some of our external third party service providers are also based outside of the EEA, so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. This includes the United States.
Where personal data is transferred to and stored in a country not determined by the European Commission as providing adequate levels of protection for personal data, we take steps to provide appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data, including entering into standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, obliging recipients to protect your personal data. When accessing our services from the EEA, you consent to processing in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you would like further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA, please contact us using the details set out above.
Security of your personal data
TRC uses appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect personal data both online and offline from unauthorized use, loss or destruction. We use industry standard physical and procedural security measures to protect information from the point of collection to the point of destruction. This includes encryption, firewalls, access controls, policies and other procedures to protect information from unauthorized access.
Where data processing is carried out on our behalf by a third party, we take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place to prevent unauthorized disclosure of personal data.
Despite these precautions, however, TRC cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted over the Internet or that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to personal data. In the event of a data breach, TRC has put in place procedures to deal with any suspected breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where required to do so.
How long we keep your personal data
We will not retain your personal data unless we have a legitimate interest in doing so, based at least in part on the nature of our business, and our past and current dealings with and inquiries from you. We may need to retain your personal data for certain periods where necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our terms and conditions.
Your rights
Access to and updating your personal data
You have the right to access information which we hold about you ("data subject access request"). You also have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and commonly used format so that it can be transferred to another data controller ("data portability").
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Right to object
Direct marketing
You have the right to object at any time to our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests
You also have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your personal information which is based on our legitimate interests. Where you object on this ground, we shall no longer process your personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Your other rights
You also have the following rights under data protection laws to request that we rectify your personal information which is inaccurate or incomplete.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to:
request the erasure of your personal information ("right to be forgotten");
restrict the processing of your personal information to processing in certain circumstances.
Please note that the above rights are not absolute and we may be entitled to refuse requests, wholly or partly, where exceptions under the applicable law apply.
Exercising your rights
You can exercise any of your rights as described in this privacy policy and under data protection laws by contacting us as provided in "Contacting us" above.
Save as described in this privacy policy or provided under data protection laws, there is no charge for the exercise of your legal rights. However, if your requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either: (a) charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or taking the action requested; or (b) refuse to act on the request.
Where we have reasonable doubts concerning the identity of the person making the request, we may request additional information necessary to confirm your identity.
Links
The Site contains links to and from the websites of third parties.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, including those of our partner, John Wiley & Sons, Inc. and CPP, Inc., please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and TRC does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to those websites.
Children
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. Children below the age of 18 are not permitted to use the Site. If we become aware that data has been collected from a person under the age of 18, we will delete this data and terminate the person's account as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have data from or about a child under the age of 18, please contact us at info@resourceconnection.com and we will promptly delete that information.
Complaints
If you have concerns about our use of your personal data, please send an email with the details of your complaint to info@resourceconnection.com. We will aim to respond to your concerns within 30 days.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@resourceconnection.com.
Changes to our privacy policy
TRC reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date. We will post a prominent notice on the website to notify you of any significant changes to our privacy policy, or update you by other appropriate means.
Last Update
This privacy policy was last updated on June 24, 2020
Any Questions or Requests please contact us
E-mail:TRC-The Resource	Connection LLC
Telephone: (407) 426-0511 Toll Free: (888) 426-0511
Ordering & Shipping Information
When you order from TRC-The Resource Connection LLC
Security:
When you place orders, we offer the use of a secure server for all credit card information you input before it is sent to us. Credit card transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution First Data, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. First Data uses the most advanced gateway in the industry. The First Data Gateway protects data with 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption and includes a fraud screen of each transaction submitted.
Orders not requiring shipping - EPIC Credits/Online Assessments
Do NOT incur shipping fees, eventhough a shipping method must be selected
Credit transfers and most online assessments are not received immediately, but if ordered during business hours are typically processed within an hour
Accepted Credit Cards:
TRC-The Resource Connection LLC accepts the following credit cards:
VISA
MasterCard
American Express
Discover
Sales Tax:
Florida state residents will be charged sales tax on products purchased according to the county they live in.
Shipping/Handling Charges Within the United States:
We depend on FedEx® Express, the world's largest express transportation service, to deliver your product on time when order are in stock and ship directly from TRC.
In stock items will be shipped within 24 business hours or less Monday thru Friday.  We now offer 4 levels of shipping, ground, 2 day, express saver, standard overnight. Shipping fees are detailed during the purchasing process and based upon quantity of materials, cost and destination.
Our Returns Policy:
Within 10 days of receipt of your order, you may return any materials damaged during the shipping process for replacement.
Due to the consumable nature of training materials ALL SALES ARE FINAL.
Please note that we can process returns only for items purchased from TRC-The Resource Connection LLC.
Product Replacement:
We will notify you via e-mail when your replacement order has shipped.
Shop our Products
Shop Everything DiSC
Shop The Five Behaviors
Shop DiSC Classic
Shop Learning Tools
Shop MBTI & TKI
View Shopping Cart
Other Information
What is DiSC
Choosing & Using DiSC
Workplace Solutions
Site Map
About Us
Who Are We?
Our Services
Our Team
Contact Us
Privacy Policy/Shipping Info