http://www.metraonline.com/privacy
Metra Electronics Car Audio
Products
» Latest products
» Turbo Kits
» Turbo Wires
» Antenna Works
» Jeep Accessories
» Marine Lighting Accessories
» Powersports Products
» Saddle Tramp Motorcycle Accessories
» Daytona Lights LED Lighting
» Installer Institute DVDs
» Mobile Applications
Brands
Catalogs
Dealers
News
About
Careers
Contact
Search by part #
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our
online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected
and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point
where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the MetraOnline and Tsunami websites.
On some pages, you can make information requests and register to receive materials.
The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Company Name
Name
Address
Phone number
Email address
Requested Information
The Way We Use Information
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalogs as well as updates on our new
products and services. Information you submit on our website will only be used for this purpose. We may
call the phone number you have provided before mailing the information you have requested.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to assist us to better design our website.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways
unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise
prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have
put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or
maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website
is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information or request deletion from our
email list by sending us a request for either. (Request Change or Deletion)
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us
an (email).
Want to carry metra products in your store?
Speak with one of our representatives today to learn how.
See Details
Metra Electronics Catalogs
Metra SEMA 2020 New Products Guide
2020 Metra Catalog
2020 Install Bay Catalog
2020 Saddle Tramp Motorcycle Accessories Catalog
View All Catalogs
Our Latest News
PowerSports Dash & Door Panel Speaker Pods Now Shipping for Can-Am Maverick X3, Polaris RZR, General
Metra Electronics® Presents Training Sessions and Show Vehicles at KnowledgeFest Live Virtual Event
Metra Electronics® Ships New Dash Kits for Mercedes-Benz and Kia Soul
Read All News
Metra Email List
Subscribe to our email list today and stay up-to-date on new products, events and specials.
Join
Email
List
Youtube
Subscribe to our YouTube Channel
View Channel
Facebook
MetraElectronics: #MetraElectronics
#WeAre12volt
Products
|
Brands
|
News |
About
|
Careers
|
Contact
Dealer Site
|
Installer Institute
© 2020 Metra Electronics
All Rights Reserved |
Privacy Policy