http://www.nutri-tech.com.au/terms-and-conditions
COURSES
BLOG
CONTACT
Conditions of Use
Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and its affiliates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd service or visit or purchase from any business affiliated with Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd, whether or not included in the Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd Web site, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and protected by international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd or its software suppliers and protected by international copyright laws.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd. You may not frame or utilise framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd. Any unauthorised use terminates the permission or license granted by Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd so long as the link does not portray Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, email us with your complaint.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. Any recommendations provided by Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd (NTS) or its Distributors are advice only. As no control can be exercised over storage, handling, mixing application or use, or weather, plant or soil conditions before, during or after application (all of which may affect the performance of our program), no responsibility for, or liability for any failure in performance, losses, damages, or injuries (consequential or otherwise), arising from such storage, mixing, application, or use will be accepted under any circumstances whatsoever. NTS recommend you contact an Agronomist prior to product purchase and application. The buyer assumes all responsibility for the use of any NTS products.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
OTHER BUSINESSES
Parties other than Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries sell product lines on this site. In addition, we provide may links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their web sites. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site is provided by Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, nutri-tech solutions pty ltd disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd are free of viruses or other harmful components. Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd, you agree that the laws of Australia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd or its affiliates.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd or to products you purchase through Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Yandina, Australia, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd’s intellectual property rights, Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court in Australia, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of an independent arbitrator. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Nutri-Tech Solutions Pty Ltd. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.