http://www.wirebelt.com/about-us/certifications-and-policies/environmental-policy
Toggle navigation
English
Spanish
Products
Help Center
About Us
Contact Us
The Trusted Metal Conveyor Belt Manufacturer™
Call Me Now
Find a Local Rep
(603) 644-2500
English
Spanish
< Back to Certifications and Policies
Filter By:
BASIC VIEW
DETAIL VIEW
Search for:
Our Environmental Policy:
About ISO 14001
We are very proud to be one of the few manufacturing companies to achieve ISO 14001 registration. This is an international standard certifying that WBCA takes the environment very seriously, and that we have audited programs to reduce, reuse, and recycle all of the natural resources we touch.
As evidence of our committment to preserving the Earth's natural resources, we have installed an 100-kilowatt photovoltaic solar array on the roof of the building. The chart below shows the daily production of our own electricity thanks to our solar panels.
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle & Remove
Purpose: To provide a policy statement that conveys the goal of Wire Belt Company of America to be an environmentally friendly company in order to provide a healthier, cleaner environment.
Scope: Wire Belt Company of America’s scope is to Design, Manufacture, Assembly, Sale and Distribution of Conveyors, Conveyor Belting and Machined Components. This policy applies to all of Wire Belt Company of America’s property (including inside and outside of the building) located at 154 Harvey Road, Londonderry, NH 03053.
Regulatory Compliance and Risk Control: Wire Belt Company of America complies with all applicable laws and regulations concerning the environment, and other requirements the company subscribes to which relate to environmental aspects. Also, Wire Belt Company of America minimizes risk to its employees, the community, and the environment resulting from its business operations.
Continual Improvement: Wire Belt Company of America is committed to continual improvement of its environmental performance, including areas not subject to regulations.  Environmental objectives and targets are created and reviewed as part of this continual improvement process. The environmental performance of the company, including the adequacy of this policy, is periodically reviewed and adapted to changed conditions and improved where appropriate.
Prevention of Pollution and Waste Minimization: Wire Belt Company of America is dedicated to pollution prevention and waste minimization.  The company prevents, to the best of its ability, pollution in its design and operation of products, processes, and facilities, and minimizes waste generated by its business operations.
Communication: This policy is made available to all employees and the public.  Wire Belt Company of America educates its employees in responsible environmental management and their responsibilities pursuant to this policy.
Electricity Produced by our Solar Array
North & South America
Change Region
Product & Support information on this site is intended for North America, South America, and the Caribbean. For other areas, please visit the appropriate site below:
Wire Belt Company Osterloh GmbH
Serving Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Russia, and Eastern Europe
wirebelt.de
Wire Belt Co. Ltd.
Serving the United Kingdom, Western Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australasia
wirebelt.co.uk
Products
Conveyor Belts
Conveyors
Drive Components
Weldless Jack Chains
Accessories
Help Center
12 Potential Causes of Downtime
Conveyor Frame
Belt Drive Best Practices
Inspection and Installation Check List
Belt Cleaning Fundamentals
Reverse Bends
Typical Conveyor Layouts
About Us
News & Events
Our History
Our Culture and People
Certifications, Policies, & Awards
Careers
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Contact Support
Find a Local Representative
© 2020 Wire Belt Company of America • 154 Harvey Road, Londonderry, NH 03053
ISO 9001:14001 Registered • Phone: 603-644-2500 | Fax: 603-644-3600
Privacy Shield Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
By using this Website, and/or requesting further information or a quote on this Website or through other means, or checking the terms and conditions box, you agree to the WBCA and HB Terms and Conditions set forth below, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube