http://www.spherion.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
Last updated: December 10, 2019
Summary of changes: We have updated our privacy policy to more clearly show the information we collect, where we get it, and how we use it. We have also added information to help you make choices about your privacy.
Scope
This privacy policy applies to all information collected by Spherion Staffing, LLC (“Spherion”) and its affiliates and franchisees. The privacy policy describes the personal information we collect, how we use it, and your rights regarding this information.
Personal information is information that identifies you. This policy applies to personal information we collect online and offline. We collect information online through our websites and mobile apps published and offline through Spherion branch offices. Our sites and apps may link to third party sites. Our privacy policy does not cover information collected about you on those sites. You are responsible for reviewing the privacy policy on those sites.
Overview
We provide staffing services to clients and job services to candidates seeking current or future job opportunities. We collect personal information to help connect candidates with jobs at Spherion and Spherion clients. We collect this data through our website and apps, over the phone, and in person.
Information Collection
We collect information about you when you visit our website, use our services, visit our branch locations, or when you provide it to us in any other way. We also collect information from third party sources.
We collect information when you choose to give it to us. This includes:
Contact information like your name, phone number, and email address;
Your work history, including your resume, cover letter, and previous job experience;
Job application materials including the application form, cover letter, and other material you provide;
Information you choose to import from third party services like file storage sites or single sign-on services;
Your precise geographic location;
Demographic information, including age, ethnicity, and gender. Providing this information is voluntary and is only used by Spherion to meet diversity goals. We do not provide this information to hiring managers.
We collect information about you automatically when you visit our sites. This includes:
Your IP address;
Your browser and operating system details;
Actions you take on the site.
We collect information about you if you visit a branch. This includes:
Your image from a security camera or if you interact with a virtual assistant;
Any paper materials you provide to us.
Sources of Information
In addition to information we collect from you, we also may collect information about you from third party sources. These sources include:
Third party websites and services like job boards and professional network sites;
Background check providers;Your references;
Business intelligence sources;
Spherion franchisees, which are independent third party companies that operate as franchisees of Spherion and under the Spherion brand name;
Spherion affiliates, which are companies that own Spherion or are under common ownership with Spherion.
Information Use
We use the information we collect for our business purposes, which include:
Recruiting and hiring – We use contact information and job application data to contact and evaluate candidates for current and future job openings.
Providing our websites and mobile apps
We use the information we collect about your device and the information you give us to allow you to create an account on our sites and apps.
We use information you provide to us to administer the various services you opt in to, including emails and notifications about career opportunities and other developments.
Product development and improvement – We use all personal data we collect to develop new products, tools, and services including chatbots and other uses of artificial intelligence.
Sales and marketing
We use contact information to make sales calls, and send out advertising materials to candidates, customers, and customer prospects;
If you create an account on our site, we may send you emails with job content;
We may use personal data to show you advertisements on our site.
Analytics
We use the personal data we collect on our site and apps to profile the interests of employers and job seekers, and understand their interests;
We use information we collect about your device to generate statistics about how you use our site.
Security, fraud prevention, and legal compliance - We use personal data to ensure the security of our sites and services, to protect against fraud, and to comply with legal requirements.
We may use your information for any other purpose that you choose to opt in to on our sites. We do not sell your data for their direct marketing purposes unless you opt in to such marketing. If you do not want to receive email from us, visit the “Opt Out” or “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any Spherion email to remove yourself from continued receipt of such email messages.
Information Sharing with Third Parties
We share personal information with clients, service providers, affiliated companies, and other third parties.
Sharing with clients
With your permission, we may submit your resume, application and other information to a prospective employer on the basis that such prospective employer will not 1) disclose the fact that such job seeker is seeking employment and 2) share your personal data with any other person without job your consent or otherwise in compliance with applicable labor and employment laws.
We may share your personal information, with sufficient information removed so that you are not readily identifiable, to prospective employers to solicit their potential interest in you as a job candidate.
Sharing with service providers
We share personal information with service providers, which are companies that help us run our business. Service providers include companies that provide marketing services, IT services, HR services, and other business services. These companies will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not use that data for any other purpose. We require services providers to abide by the requirements of this privacy policy regarding the use of your personal information.
Sharing with affiliated companies
We share personal information with other Spherion affiliated or franchised companies to help provide our services to you, to improve our own products and services, and to comply with legal requirements.
Sharing with other third parties
We may share user information with third parties when we believe, in our sole discretion, that such sharing is appropriate:
To comply with the law, including but not limited to, in response to a subpoena served on Spherion;
To enforce or apply this privacy policy or other applicable terms, rules or policies;
To protect the rights, property or safety of Spherion, our users or others; or
To prevent activity that we believe, in our sole discretion, may be or may become illegal, unethical or legally actionable (including exchanging user information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection).
We will share personal information with a third party who acquires any or all of Spherion’s business units, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event Spherion becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, personal information will be disposed of in a transaction approved by the court.
Please note that if you post any information in a public area of the site the information that you share will be visible to other users and can be read, used, or collected by others. Spherion is not responsible for the way others may use data you post to public areas of the site.
We may share aggregate personal data from you and others and share it with clients, advertisers, and other third parties. This information does not identify you personally.
Use of cookies
We use cookies on our sites and mobile apps to analyze trends, administer websites, track user movements around the website, and to gather demographic information. Cookies help personalize and maximize your use of our site, including storing your preferences, improving your search results and showing you ads. Cookies also help us detect and stop fraud.
We use the following types of cookies:
Preference: These cookies are used to store your preferences.
Analytics: We track traffic patterns so we can identify popular content and potential problems.
Features: We track your activity to show you a customized experience. We also use cookies to test new features.
Advertising: Cookies assist us in advertising to you on and off our sites.
Some cookies will remain on your computer after you have left our site. You can control your cookies at the browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features on our sites and apps. Some browsers may be configured to send Do Not Track signals to websites. Spherion does not accept or process such Do Not Track signals or similar mechanisms.
Some of our services use cookies from Google. To opt out of the Google remarketing advertising network, visit Google's Ad Preference Manager.
Information Security
Spherion restricts access to the personal information it collects to those who have a valid business need to know that information. Access to personal information is granted based on the minimum access required to fulfill the business need and purpose for which it is collected, used and shared. We endeavor to use commercially reasonable security safeguards, practices and procedures, and we commit to the highest level of care to protect the privacy and integrity of personal information, throughout its useful life-cycle, from collection until destruction. You are responsible for keeping your account credentials safe.
Information Security Incident Response
If we discover that your personal information has been involved in a security incident, we will take appropriate steps to respond to the incident in a timely manner and, where legally required, notify you of the incident.
Retention of Personal Information
Spherion will keep your personal information for as long as we have a business need and purpose to retain the information, including storage for auditing and archival purposes. When we believe we no longer need such information, we will destroy or otherwise dispose of your personal information in a manner intended to preserve your privacy and security.
Accessing and Updating Your Profile
You may review, update, or remove your job seeker profile directly on the website. You may also contact us and ask to see your job seeker profile and choices, and you may advise us of any changes or inaccuracies in such profile and choices and we will update or correct as appropriate.
Consultant Texting Applicants & Employees
You can opt in to receive text messages from Spherion. These text messages may include, but are not limited to, job postings, assignment updates, weather alerts, and reminders for upcoming events and services.
If at any time you wish to stop receiving text messages, you will have the option to opt out by texting STOP in response to a text from Spherion. You can also contact Spherion and request to have your number opted out by calling Spherion’s Call Center at 888.218.4417.
Children's Privacy
Spherion’s services are only available to individuals who are at least 16 years old. Spherion is not intended for and does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 16. If we believe you are under 16, we may delete your information at any time without notice to you.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) where required, or by a notice on this website. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Reporting Fraudulent Activities
If you become aware of any potentially fraudulent activity on our website or in an email or text, please contact Spherion's Call Center at 888.218.4417 so that we can follow up with appropriate actions.
International Data Transfer
Spherion’s website and services are provided in the United States. If you access the website from outside the United States, you consent that your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers and servers located in the United States. Spherion may further transfer personal information you provide to us to other countries.
Rights to Request Access to or Deletion of Your Personal Information
You have the right to know whether Spherion has collected personal information from you. You may request that Spherion tell you:
The categories or specific pieces of personal information that Spherion has collected about you;
The categories of sources where Spherion obtained personal information about you;
The business purposes for which Spherion collects your personal information; and
The categories of third parties with which Spherion shares personal information.
You can make 2 such access requests every 12 months.
You have the right to request that Spherion delete any of your personal information that Spherion has collected from you, with certain exceptions. We may refuse your deletion request if we are required by law to keep the information, or if the law otherwise permits us to keep information. If we deny a deletion request, we will tell you why the request was denied.
To exercise your right to access or delete personal data, complete the form available at this link: https://www.spherion.com/privacy-request
Before we grant you access to or deletion of your personal information, we must verify your identity. To do this, we will ask you to confirm information we have previously collected about you.
Spherion Staffing, LLC, located at One Overton Park, 3625 Cumberland Blvd SE, Atlanta, GA 30339, is the legal entity determining the purposes and means of processing the personal information collected under this policy.
Contact Us
If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us online at: https://www.spherion.com/privacy-request or at:
Privacy OfficeOne Overton Park3625 Cumberland Blvd SEAtlanta, GA 30339
Job Seekers
toggle
Search Jobs
Submit Your Resume
Our Locations
Jobs We fill
Get Started
Career Resources
CareerBoost Blog
Employers
toggle
Partner with Spherion
Our Locations
Find your Ideal Employee
Industries We Serve
Workforce Solutions
Blog
Franchising
toggle
Available Markets
Why Spherion
The Opportunity
The Experience
FAQs
Steps to Ownership
Request More Information
Workforce Insights
toggle
Home
22 Years of Research
Employment Life Cycle
Survey Findings
About the Study
About Spherion
toggle
Get to Know Us
In the Community
In the News
Meet our Team
COVID-19
Contact Us