http://www.tuthill.com/index.cfm/index.cfm/legal/privacy-policy/
GO
Toggle navigation
Our Story
Community Impact Report
Our Compass
Who We Are
TOP 1%
Conscious Company
Tuthill Business System
Foundational Markets
The "Four Sticks"
History
Wake the World Report
WakeTheWorld.com
Products
Pumps
Meters
Vacuum Pumps
Blowers & Blower Packages
News Room
Tuthill Celebrates National Engineers Week
Tuthill Honors Astounding Impact
Tuthill Corporation Announces Steven Westfall as Chief Executive Officer and President
Boys & Girls Clubs Named Tuthill's Next Cause Partner
Rick Wiedemann Named Tuthill Fort Wayne President
Tuthill Attends Banquet Hosted by Society of Women Engineers
Tuthill CEO And Chief Learning Officer Speak at ILA Conference
Tuthill Begins Search for Aliveness with Documentary Series
Colorado Water Treatment Plant Aims to Reintroduce Fish to Creek
Tuthill's 'Ride for Rubicon' Takes to Fort Wayne's Streets
Tuthill Strengthens Relationship with JME Inc. Over Burgers
Tuthill and Team Rubicon Rebuild Together in Chicago Home
Richard Curtin Retires As Plastics Division President After 24 Years With Tuthill
Tuthill and Team Rubicon Assist Horse Ranch Serving Veterans, Kids
Tuthill Easter Bunny Visits AERO Special Education School
Tuthill's Paul Pike Experiences the World from a Wheelchair for Awareness
Tuthill Chili Cook Off Fundraises for Team Rubicon
Steve Westfall Appointed President of Tuthill Transfer Systems
Andy Tuthill Named President of Tuthill Vacuum & Blower Systems
Tuthill Paints with Habitat for Humanity and Team Rubicon
A Look at the Unseen Heroes of Vallejo, California
Tuthill and Team Rubicon Visit Hines Veterans Hospital
Burr Ridge Lays Wreaths at Event with Team Rubicon
Tuthill Chili Cook Off, Dessert Showdown Fundraises for Team Rubicon
Tuthill Fort Wayne Packs Food for Feed My Starving Children
Tuthill Introduces Lightweight Transport Blowers T855, T1055
Tuthill Launches Fill-Rite NX3200 Series Continuous Duty Fuel Pump
Tuthill Employee Shares First-Hand Experience and Reflections After Mexico City Earthquake
UK Distributor, Hytek, Fundraises for Hospice Charity
Mabbly Interns Dare to Make Better with Tuthill Marketing Campaigns
Tuthill Grants WOW Awards to Union, Distributor for Uganda Project
Art Piece Commemorates Tuthill's 125-Year History
Tuthill Walks Miles, Faces Dunk Tank for $12,500 Donation to Team Rubicon
Tuthill Spirit Week Invites Aliveness Across Tuthill
Tuthill Springfield Celebrates 125th Anniversary with Casino Night
Tuthill Holds 3rd Annual Ride for Rubicon in Fort Wayne
Carmazzi Presents at MAPI Executive Summit
Evangel University Visits Tuthill to Experience Lean Manufacturing and Culture
First Lego League Sponsorship Inspires Tuthill Engineers
Tuthill Deploys with Team Rubicon for Missouri Flooding
Guest Speaker Kendall Gammon Visits Tuthill Springfield to Inspire Gratitude
Tuthill Clearwater Fundraises for Autism Center in Florida
Tuthill Rallies Behind Team Rubicon for National Rebuilding Together Day
Plastics and Burr Ridge Build Gardens on Earth Day to Spark Aliveness
Southern tradition brings Tuthill employees together
Tom Carmazzi Featured on Making Chips Podcast
Tuthill employees deploy on Operation Scout's Honor for Team Rubicon
Tuthill Tackles Run As One with Team Rubicon to Raise Veteran PTSD Awareness
Tuthill's Chili Cook Off in Alsip Raises Funds for Team Rubicon
Tuthill helps build Tiny Homes for Veterans in Kansas City
New Video Series Highlights How Tuthill Products Have an Impact
Tuthill Corporate Helps Team Rubicon Build a Veteran's Home
Tuthill Introduces UL Listed In-line Digital Turbine Meter with +/- 1% Accuracy
Marist High School Entrepreneur Class Holds Retreat at Tuthill
Making Real Things That Really Make A Difference
Tuthill Launches 30 Days of Thanks Campaign
Tuthill Fundraises for Team Rubicon With Dunk Tank Event at Alsip Facility
Tuthill Hosts Conscious Capitalism Event "Pump Your Heart Into It"
A Pop of Aliveness in Downtown Chicago
Tuthill takes on Germany for ACHEMA 2015
Tuthill and Team Rubicon Run as One in Annual 5K
Tuthill Corporation Announces Sponsorship of
400 Club at Parkview Field
Relationships beyond the Definition: My Awakening
New Workholding Method Drives Production Efficiency
Tuthill CEO, Tom Carmazzi, Featured in Benedictine University Executive Panel Blog
Tuthill's Springfield, Missouri Location Supports The Kitchen
Painting Fort Wayne a Brighter Shade of Seismic
Careers
We're Looking to Grow
Investment Strategy
Why Tuthill?
Begin Building
Contact Us
Locations
Product Information
Placing an Order
Former Tuthill Businesses
Home » Legal » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Use of Cookies
Copyright Notice
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Purchase
Terms and Conditions
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
This privacy policy sets out how "Tuthill Corporation" uses and protects any information that you give "Tuthill Corporation" when you use this website.
"Tuthill Corporation" is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
"Tuthill Corporation" may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from Wednesday, December 1, 2010 and last updated Friday, May 25, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including e-mail address
demographic information such as postal code, preferences, and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require certain types of information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. For example:
Internal record keeping for business purposes only.
To gather information required to quote a solution to meet the needs of your specific project/application.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the e-mail address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by e-mail, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Retention and location of data
The data collected is maintained and controlled by Tuthill Corporation and is retained only for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. We will retain and use the data collected to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The information collected, including personal data, may be transferred to and maintained on systems located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and no transfer of personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of data and other personal information.
Your consent to this privacy policy and submission of data represents your agreement to this transfer.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the opt-in box and check it if you would like to receive e-mails from Tuthill Corporation
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Tuthill Corporation, ATTN: Privacy, 8500 S. Madison St., Burr Ridge, IL 60527, United States of America. Or email privacy@tuthill.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Tuthill Corporation, ATTN: Privacy, 8500 S. Madison St., Burr Ridge, IL 60527, United States of America. Or email privacy@tuthill.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please e-mail us at privacy@tuthill.com, or write to us at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
8500 South Madison St.
Burr Ridge, IL 60527
This site uses cookies to analyze your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts, share content on social media, improve your experience, and give you the ability to provide feedback. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms and Conditions.
I Agree
Tuthill Websites
Tuthill Ft. Wayne Fill-Rite
Tuthill Ft. Wayne Sotera
Tuthill Alsip
Tuthill Springfield
Products
Pumps
Meters
Vacuum Pumps
Blowers
Contact Us
Product Information
Placing an Order
Questions About Existing Orders
Locations
Legal
Copyright Notice
Disclaimer
Modern Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Purchase
Use of Cookies
Social Media