https://www.microcare.com/privacy-statement/
Corporate
Electronics
Sticklers - Fiber Optics
Medical
Precision Cleaners
Privacy Statement
Effective from December 16, 2013.
Your Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing, and protection of your personal information. It applies to the www.microcare.com website and all related sites, applications, services and tools where this policy is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including mobile devices.
Table of Contents
Scope and Consent
Global Privacy Standards
Mobile Privacy
Children’s Privacy
Collection of Personal Information
Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites
Use of Personal Information
Marketing
Using Information You Get from Microcare
Our use of Cookies, Web Beacons, Local Storage, and Similar Technologies
No Spam, Spyware, or Spoofing
How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information
Third Parties
Confidentiality
Contact Us
Scope and Consent
By using Microcare.com and its related sites, application, services and tools, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement.
If you reside outside of the United States, you are contracting with one of our international Microcare companies: In countries within the European Union, your data controller is Microcare Europe bvba, Havendoklaan 19, Cargovil, Vilvoorde, Belgium B-1804 and in all other countries your data controller is MicroCare Corp., 595 John Downey Drive, New Britain, CT 06051 USA.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify a specific person.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site. You need to visit this page time by time in order to identify updates to our Privacy Policy.
Global Privacy Standards
Some Microcare-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies. The policy that applies on any of our domains or subdomains is always the policy that appears in the footer of each website or is referenced in the application or service. The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy.
Mobile Privacy
We may offer you the ability for you to connect with our sites, or use our applications, services, and tools using a mobile device, either through a mobile application or via a mobile-optimized website. The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile-optimized websites.
Children’s Privacy
The Microcare.com website is a general audience website, and it and its related sites, applications, services, and tools are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites, applications, services, or tools from users in this age group.
Collection of Personal Information
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. If you register for an account with us, you give us your personal information, and you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.
We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites, applications, services, and tools, and to help us personalize and improve your experience:
Information we collect automatically: When you visit our sites, use our applications, services, and tools, or interact with our advertising or content, we automatically collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile device, or other access device. This information is associated with you personally only when sign in as a registered user, and includes but is not limited to:
device ID or unique identifier, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, IP address, and standard web log information,
anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons
Information you give us: We collect and store any information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites, applications, services or tools. This may include, but is not limited to:
Information you provide us when registering for an account, including email address, phone number, mobile telephone number, physical contact information, and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information, such as credit card or bank account numbers;
additional information you may provide to us via social media sites or services
transactional information based on your activities on the sites (such as bidding, buying, selling, item and content you generate or that relates to your account);
shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item;
information provided in the context of community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, correspondence through our sites, or correspondence sent to us
additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies (for example, we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address, or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list)
Mobile: When you download or use our Mobile Applications, or access one of our mobile optimized sites, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device’s setting’s menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device’s location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device.
Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites
We offer services that allow you to share information with third-party social media websites such as Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter, and others.
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites. The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled by privacy settings on that website and your consent. By associating an account managed by a third party with your Microcare account and authorizing Microcare to have access to this information, you agree that Microcare may collect, use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our sites and/or use of our services, applications and tools, provide you with requested customer service and relevant information about your account and our services, and to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. You agree that we may use your personal information to:
provide you access to our sites and the services and customer support you request;
prevent, detect, and investigate, fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
customize, measure and improve our services and content;
contact you, either via email or telephone, to resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites, services, applications or tools, or for other purposes authorized by law.
contact you, either via email or telephone to inform you about our services and those of our corporate family, deliver targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences
compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties;
contact you at any telephone number using auto-dialed or pre-recorded message calls or text (SMS) messages (if applicable) as authorized for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy
provide you other services requested by you as described when we collect the information
Marketing
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising.
Using Information from MicroCare
MicroCare encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users. We cannot guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information.
Our use of Cookies, Web Beacons, Local Storage, and Similar Technologies
When you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, messaging (such as email), and tools, we or our authorized service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience.
The Internet pages of MicroCare use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
By using cookies, MicroCare can provide the users of the website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. By means of the cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. For example, the website user that uses cookies, does not have to enter access data (login credentials) each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user’s computer system. In other words, it is not necessary to login again every time a new page is requested.
The user may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies though our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet Browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the user deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
No Spam, Spyware, or Spoofing
We and our users do not tolerate spam. Make sure to set your MicroCare communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer. You are not licensed to add other MicroCare users, even a user who has purchased an item from you, to your mailing list (email or physical mail) without their express consent. To report MicroCare-related spam or spoof emails to MicroCare, please forward the email to contact@Microcare.com. You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement. We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam, viruses, phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content, but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools. If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community (via Refer-a-Friend or other tools), we do not permanently store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose. We do not rent or sell these email addresses.
How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information
We store and process your information that we collect on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located. We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls.
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings. We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law.
Third Parties
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether they are users, buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you provide to them. MicroCare does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Confidentiality
MicroCare promises to protect all confidential information shared with us. Only those assigned to a project are granted access to relevant materials. We are happy to sign confidentiality agreements or non-disclosures. We keep our customer information truly private.
Contact Us
If your questions are not answered online, you may write to us at:
MicroCare
Attn: Legal – Global Privacy Practices
2145 Hamilton Avenue
San Jose, California 95125
or using the Contact Us form. More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available at our MicroCare Privacy Center.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our Privacy Policy for more details.OkPrivacy policy