http://www.stvinc.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
STV and its family of companies (“STV,” “we,” or “us”) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of your personal information, and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to provide you with important information about our privacy practices. This Privacy Policy applies when you visit or use a website or other online service (collectively, the “Services”) that links or refers to it.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide Directly
We collect information that you provide us directly, including when you contact us using a “Contact Us” form on the site, send us an e-mail, or enter a search query on the Services.  For example, if you send us e-mail, your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. This includes text characters and any audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message.
Information We Collect Automatically
Our servers automatically log information about your use of and visits to the Services, including through the use of cookies and similar technologies.  For example, we may collect your IP address, the type of web browser and operating system used to access the Services, the time and duration of your visits, and information about the content and webpages you view and the features you access on the Services.
Information from Third Parties
We may receive additional information about you from other publically and commercially available sources, as permitted law.
We may combine all of the information we collect or receive about you and use or disclose it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Information
We use the information we collect and receive to provide and improve the Services and our other products, services, and offerings, as well as to provide you with information you request or respond to inquiries we receive from you or your company or organization.  We also may use such information to analyze how users use the Services and related analysis, research, reporting, and troubleshooting and as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend legal rights, privacy, safety or property, whether our own or that of our employees or agents or others, and to comply with applicable law.
Sharing Your Information
To the extent consistent with applicable law, we may share your information in the following circumstances:
• with our subsidiaries and affiliates;
• with affiliated and third-party service providers, such as companies that provide us technical support, data hosting, and other services;
• with other parties when required by law or as necessary to provide or protect our services, products, and other offerings.  For example, we may need to disclose information with other parties to comply with the law or respond to legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity or law enforcement; to prevent fraud or verify and enforce compliance with the policies and terms governing our Services; and to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or employees;
• in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of a business or assets to a third party, such as in connection with a merger; and
• when you or your company or organization consent to or request such sharing.
The information you provide may be transferred outside your country to another country that does not have similar data protection legislation and may provide a lower level of protection for your information.  By using any of the Services or providing us with your information you consent such transfers.
Links to Other Websites and Third Parties
The Services may contain links or references to third-party owned or operated websites or online services. We are not responsible for the collection of personal information or the security or privacy of such information on any such third party sites or services.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies
The Services — as well as certain third parties that provide content and other functionality on the Services — use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use the Services and the Internet.  This section provides more information about some of those technologies and how they work.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files used to store information about users on the users’ own computer.  Cookies may be used to recognize you as the same user across different visits to the website.  Knowing how a user is using the Services through cookies enables us to tailor our content and Services to more effectively meet visitors’ needs. It also enables us to improve the quality of your visit by making sure that the Services are properly formatted for your computer and web browser. Some Internet browsers can be configured to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely.  Refer to your browser help menu for more information.  You can also manage cookie tracking directly through the third-party service providers that we use:
Google Analytics
You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service, available at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, and the Google Privacy Policy, available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. To learn more about how Google collects and processes data in connection with Google Analytics, visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Protection of Information
We use industry standard security measures to protect the information under our control, including firewalls and other security measures.  Although the inherent dangers of the Internet mean we cannot guarantee the protection of your information against loss, misuse, or alteration, STV takes steps to protect your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Due to changes in technology, legal requirements, and our Services, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of changes by posting changes here, or by other appropriate means.  We suggest that you bookmark this page so that you may check periodically to see if any changes have been made.
Questions and Contact Information
If you have any questions about this statement or our handling of personal information please contact us by e-mail at info@stvinc.com.
All rights reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the appropriate entity of STV, 225 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10003. Images and content on this website are protected by the author’s copyright. The authors have granted usage rights for these images and content to STV, and these rights are not transferable to any person, publication or other business or government entity. Access to this website or ability to download images or content does not transfer copyright or permissions to use by any individual or STV. Any unauthorized transfer or usage of the content or images on this website is a violation of Copyright Law and is strictly prohibited. Use of this site constitutes user's agreement to these terms and conditions. All rights to STV and all STV marks are reserved for exclusive use by STV. No other person or entity may use either of these marks without written permission.
Legal
Privacy Policy
Electronic Recruitment Privacy Policy
Photo Credits