https://www.donaldinsallassociates.co.uk/privacy/
Search
Home > Privacy Policy
Search
By sector
Commerce
Conservation Management Plan
Culture
Education
Heritage Transport
Leisure
Monuments and Sculptures
Place of Worship
Public
Residential
By service
Architecture: Historic Buildings
Architecture: New Buildings
Heritage Management
Historic Buildings Consultancy
Privacy Policy:
This privacy policy explains how and why we collect your personal information and how it is used when you visit the website for Donald Insall Associates Ltd. This statement will only cover this website and not the websites that may be linked to from this website.
Personal Data:
We may collect your personal data when you request information about Donald Insall Associates Ltd. or any of our services or projects. You may be asked to submit information about yourself in order to receive or use services on our website. Such services include bulletins, email updates, website feedback or to provide you with the information you have requested. Any information you provide through this website will only be used by us, our agents and service providers and will not be disclosed unless we are obliged or permitted to by law to do so.
Third party suppliers may process this personal data on our behalf, but they will use your data for administration purposes only. Under the General Data Protection Regulation  (“GDPR”), we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data, and keep strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.
Access to information:
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to this policy:
If our privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing the page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
Links to other websites:
Our website may contain links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they may have their own privacy policies and we do not accept responsibility or liability for these policies. We urge you to check the privacy policies of any sites you visit. Please note that the presence of a link to another website on our website does not imply any kind of endorsement or recommendation of that site.
Donald Insall Associates is Cyber Essentials certified.