http://www.onlinetaxaustralia.com.au/privacy-and-security/
LoginLOGIN
NEW USER REGISTRATION
CONTACT US
Navigation
Home
Online Tax AustraliaHome
About
About OTA
Services & Pricing
Start Your Tax Online
Tax FAQ
General FAQ
Who Can Use Online Tax Australia?
How Does Online Tax Australia Work?
Tax Tips & Help
Work Related Tax Deductions
Other Tax Deductions & Rebates
Tax Deductions by Occupation
Tax & Finance Templates
Tax Advice & Articles
Testimonials
Contact Us
Return to Content
Your privacy and online security
Central to the success of Online Tax Australia is our commitment to our clients. We honour without reservation our obligation to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information of individuals with whom we deal.
This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which your personal information obtained via OTA (“the Website”) will be processed by us. For the purpose of the Privacy Act 1988 (“the Act”), the Website is owned and operated by Online Tax Australia Pty Ltd whose registered office is at Level 1, 88 Charles Street Kew Victoria 3101. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the Online Tax Australia site. Usage of the Online Tax Australia website is conditional upon you agreeing to be bound by this privacy policy
1. Your privacy is important to us
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Online Tax Australia recognises the sensitivity of the information that you provide on your tax return, and we assure you that we view it seriously. Unless you directly give us consent to do otherwise, Online Tax Australia will only collect and use your personal information as set out below.
2. The Information we collect
Online Tax Australia will only collect personal information about you which is reasonably necessary to provide you with our service. The only personal information we collect comes from the information which you provide and how you use our website, for example by registering on our site and making a payment, we may keep a record of your contact details.
3. Cookies
A ‘Cookie’ is a packet of information placed on a user’s computer by a website for record keeping purposes. Cookies are generally used on the Website to:
Access online services and log into our secure areas, we will use cookies to enable us to authorise your access.
They allow us to retain information that you have submitted in order for us to lodge your tax return.
Traffic monitoring – Cookies are useful to gather information regarding the number of members and to determine the traffic patterns through our website. We use this information to enhance the content and services offered on our site.
4. Using and disclosing your personal information
Your personal information is confidential. Our purpose in collecting information about you is to enable you to submit your tax return in a fast, convenient and safe way, and to ensure you receive any money owing to you as quickly as possible.
Online Tax Australia will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent to third parties except:
Where we are required or authorized by law
Where it is necessary to provide you with a service that you have requested such as lodging your tax return with the Australian Taxation Office
to allow you to participate in current and future interactive features of our services where you choose to do so
to communicate with you in order to request further personal and financial information, responding to your requests and notify you of the status of your transactions
to implement our terms of service or protect the interests of Online Tax Australia.
5. How you can access your information
You can contact us to request access to your information. In normal circumstances we will give you full access to your information. However, there may be some legal or administrative reasons to deny access. If access is denied, we will provide you with the reason why.
6. Changing and deleting your information
If you wish to change or delete your personal information that maybe inaccurate or out of date, please contact us by e-mailing us at and we will take all reasonable steps to amend or remove your records, unless we need to keep it for legal reasons.
7. Keeping information secure
We use security procedures and the latest technology to protect the information we hold. We require all our employees and agents to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Online Tax Australia.You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account allocated to you, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (1) immediately notify Online Tax Australia of any unauthorised use of your password or account and any other breach of security, and (2) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Online Tax Australia cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these terms and conditions.
8. Contact for questions or complaints
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact us, we will take any issue seriously and work to address your concerns.
9. Future Changes
Our commitment to be a leading provider of online tax assistance services means that our business will continue to evolve as we introduce new services and features to our website. Because of this, from time to time, our policies will be reviewed and may be revised. Online Tax Australia reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on its website.
10. Australian Taxation Office Privacy
The Tax Office is authorised by the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936, the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 , the Taxation Administration Act 1953 and the A New Tax System (Family Assistance)(Administration) Act 1999 to request information of a personal and financial nature, thus we will need your co-operation to provide us with such information to meet their requirements.We may give this information to other government agencies as required or authorised by law -for example, benefit payment agencies such as Centrelink, the Department of Education, Employment and Workplace Relations and the Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs; law enforcement agencies such as state and federal police: and other agencies such as the Child Support Agency, the Australian Bureau of Statistics and the Reserve Bank of Australia. The Commissioner of Taxation, as Registrar of the Australian Business Register, may use the ABN and business details which you provide on this tax return to maintain the integrity of the register.
11. Tax File Number’s, Bank Account Details, Family Assistance Office
You cannot lodge your income tax form electronically if you do not quote your TFN.Electronic funds transfer – direct debit where you have requested an EFT direct debit, some of your details will be provided to your financial institution and the Tax Office’s sponsor bank to facilitate the payment of your taxation liability from your nominated account.The Family Assistance Office (FAO) – which is a partnership between Centrelink, the Tax Office, Medicare Australia (formerly known as the Health Insurance Commission) and the Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs (FaHCIA) – is authorised by the A New Tax System (Family Assistance) (Administration) Act 1999 to ask for information to assist in the administration of FTB claims. Limited personal information may be used for customer surveys run by the Tax Office and its client departments, or by research organisations on their behalf. Limited information about you may also be disclosed to others when your circumstances affect their entitlements to payments and services.The FAO may also give this information to someone else if you give permission, or to government agencies authorised by law to receive it – for example, partner agencies including Centrelink, the Tax Office, Medicare Australia and FaHCIA; assistance agencies such as the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission; the Department of Education, Employment and Workplace Relations and other agencies such as the Child Support Agency and the Department of Immigration and Citizenship.
12. Your Credit Card Details
Online Tax Australia uses state of the art technology (known as 128 bit encryption) in order to protect your data and your credit card details. The security technology used by Online Tax Australia represents the very latest in internet security. Online Tax Australia uses the ANZ bank’s online verification system to verify credit card payments and does NOT save your credit card details.
Online Tax News
How to Claim Home Office Tax Deductions in 2020 Using the ATO’s Two Hourly Rate OptionsJuly 16, 2020
Tips to Maximise Your 2020 RefundJune 29, 2020
Which Expenses Will the ATO Target in 2020 Tax Returns?June 29, 2020
RETURNING USERS LOGINNEW USER REGISTRATION
About Us Promising affordable, fast tax
returns and the highest standards
of customer service, it’s no
surprise that Online
Tax Australia has processed more than 45,000
tax returns. Our
number one priority is ensuring
you have complete peace of mind
when it comes to all your tax return needs.
Connect with Us
Subscribe for Tax Tips
Name
Email Address
*
Contact Us T: (03) 9852 9051
E: support@onlinetaxaustralia.com.au
RETURNING USERS LOGINNEW USER REGISTRATION