http://www.motivationalsteps.com/privacy.jsf
Motivational Steps: Privacy
Motivational Steps
Home
About
Products
Services
Events
Press Room
Podcast
Contact Us
Privacy
Motivational Steps privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Your on-line privacy is taken very seriously at Motivational Steps. We are committed to meeting or exceeding the requirements set forth in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).
If you have any questions concerning this statement, you should contact our Privacy Office as follows:
Motivational Steps - Privacy Office
Suite #3-183
Waterloo, Ontario
N2J 3G9
Canada
Tel: (519) 893-1598
E-mail: privacy@motivationalsteps.com
Accountability
Should you have any questions related to our privacy practices, or concerns about our compliance with the requirements of PIPEDA, please contact our Privacy Office.
Collected Information
This web site may collect personally identifiable information, including but not limited to: name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. This information may be used to contact you to complete a transaction, confirm a booking and to request additional information for these purposes.
Financial information such as credit card numbers, expiry and amount details are managed solely by our trusted e-commerce provider: PayPal. Please consult PayPal's privacy policy for their obligations for their services.
In addition, we also collect non identifying information which is used for statistical analysis and to improve our site experience.
Cookies
This web site uses both session and permanent cookies for the purposes of identifying site visitors. Session cookies are active only whilst you are browsing our site, and are automatically removed when you close your browser. A session cookie is used to personalize your site experience whilst you are browsing our site.
Permanent cookies are small non-executable files stored on your computer's hard drive that identify your system when you re-visit our site. Our site uses a single permanent cookie with a unique identifier than enables us to recognize you upon return visits. This provides the ability for us to retrieve previously stored information from our secure database.
None of your personal information is stored in either the session or permanent cookie used on our site.
Consent
By providing your information through this web site, you are giving implied consent for Motivational Steps to use that information to process your request. You may withdraw consent at any time by following the instructions set out in our e-mail communication, or by contacting our Privacy Office.
Limiting Collection
Motivational Steps only collects information that is required to process your requests. Information collected in addition by our authorized service providers (such as PayPal) is not transferred to Motivational Steps, other than that required to indicate completion of a transaction or request.
Limiting Use and Disclosure
Motivational Steps does not share the information it collects with third parties, except where necessary as part of fulfilling your request, or as required by law. Specifically, we do not provide your information (in aggregate or detailed form) to any organization for the purposes of marketing.
Retention
Information collected through this web site is retained for as long is required to fulfill your request and by applicable law. If you wish to know what information is maintained about you in our systems, please contact our Privacy Office at any time.
Safeguards
Motivational Steps has taken reasonable steps to set forth appropriate physical, logical and management controls to protect your information. This includes, but is not limited to, storing information in a controlled, secure environment with access to the information stringently limited and enforced.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update our privacy policy at any time. Should modifications be made, we will contact you and/or make details of the changes available on our web site as deemed appropriate by us. If you do not agree to the updated provisions of our policy, you may request that all information connected with you be purged from our systems permanently, by contacting our Privacy Office.
Page Actions
Please choose one of the following actions:
E-mail link to this page
Print this page
Privacy Policy | Contact UsCopyright © 2001-2020 Motivational Steps unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2001-2020 Motivational Steps unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved.