https://www.reconwalls.com/privacy-policy.html
ReCon Retaining Walls, Inc.
Privacy Policy
We at ReCon Wall Systems, Inc. (“ReCon”) respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the rights of and choices available to individuals regarding our use of their information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices and to exercise your rights.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information about you in various ways, such as through this site and social media channels; at our events and through phone and fax; and in connection with our interactions with clients and vendors. We may collect the following types of personal information (as permitted under local law): contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone number); username and password when you register on this site; geolocation data in connection with certain features of this site; information you provide about friends or other people you would like us to contact; and other information you may provide to us, such as in surveys or through the “Contact Us” or “Request Information” features on this site.
Information Collected By Automated Means
When you visit this site, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs. The information we may collect in this manner includes IP address, unique device identifier, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on this site, dates and times of visits to this site and other usage statistics. A “cookie” is a file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and is used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. Through these automated collection methods, we may obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of the links and other content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website. As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored. We link certain data elements we have collected through automated means, such as your browser information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know, for example, whether you have opened an email we sent to you. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of this site. To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before collecting personal information using cookies or similar automated means.
The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on this site, such as social media sharing tools, also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features. This information is collected directly by the providers of the features and is subject to the privacy policies or notices of these providers. Subject to applicable law, ReCon is not responsible for these providers’ information practices.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information described above to perform the following activities (as permitted under local law): creating and managing online accounts; managing our client and vendor relationships; sending promotional materials, alerts regarding available positions and other communications; communicating about, and administering participation in, special events, promotions, programs, offers, surveys, contests and market research; responding to individuals’ inquiries; operating, evaluating and improving our business (including developing, enhancing, analyzing and improving our services; managing our communications; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions); protecting against, identifying and seeking to prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities; and complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at or prior to the time of collection.
In addition, we use information collected through cookies, web beacons, pixels, web server logs and other automated means for purposes such as customizing our users’ use of this site; delivering content tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users use this site; and managing this site and other aspects of our business. To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before collecting information using cookies or similar automated means.
We also use third-party analytics services on this site, such as those of Google Analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze your use of our Sites. The information collected through these means (including IP address) may be disclosed to these analytics providers and other relevant third parties who use the information. To learn more about these analytics services and how to opt out, please visit the following sites:
Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Job Applicants
If you have applied for employment with ReCon, the Personal Data submitted with your job application will be used to process and consider your job application. We will not sell the data on your application to unaffiliated third-parties for their marketing purposes. We may share the data on your applications with recruiters, consultants, attorneys, background services and our affiliates. The data on your application may also be used for certain regulatory, compliance and legal purposes, consistent with this Privacy Statement.
To the extent the Personal Data you provide contains details of your: racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or beliefs; religious beliefs; membership in a trade union or political party; physical or mental health condition; sexual life; commission (or alleged commission) of an offence or related proceedings; job evaluations or educational records, you expressly authorize ReCon to handle such details for the purposes of your job application and for the other purposes described herein.
By submitting data to us online, you are sending it to the United States, where it will be subject to the protections afforded under US laws that may be different from the laws in your country and which your country may consider not to provide adequate privacy protections. If you do not agree that your submission of your application data will be governed solely by United States law, ReCon will not accept your application.
Interest-Based Advertising
On this site, we may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our ads are served. This section of our Global Privacy Policy provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
Information We Share
We share the personal information we collect from you with vendors who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these vendors to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
In addition, we may disclose information about you if we are required to do so by law or legal process; to law enforcement authorities or other government officials based on a lawful disclosure request; and when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Information collected through third-party plug-ins and widgets on this site (such as information relating to your use of a social media sharing tool) is collected directly by the providers of the plug-ins and widgets. This information is subject to the privacy policies of the providers of the plug-ins and widgets, and ReCon is not responsible for those providers’ information practices.
Your Rights And Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect about you and how we communicate with you. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, exercise your rights or submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, delete or block the information by contacting us as indicated below. Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries outside of the country in which the information originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Links To Third-Party Sites, Apps and Services
For your convenience and information, this site may provide links to third-party sites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with ReCon. These companies may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-ReCon sites, apps or services.
Updates To Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (including any addenda) may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices. For significant changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on our Sites indicating at the top of the Policy when it was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Global Privacy Policy, would like to exercise your rights or would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please reach us online at privacy@reconwalls.com or write to:
ReCon Wall Systems, Inc.
Attn: CEO or President / COO
7600 West 27th St., #229
St. Louis Park, MN  55426
Get Our Free Wall Analysis and Wall Layout Software!
Request FREE Software