http://www.jandslighting.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Menu
LED Corn BulbsLED HID Retro KitLED Light BulbsLED Filament Light BulbsLED Tube LightLED CFL ReplacementLED Recessed DownlightLED FixturesLED Emergency T8 TubeLED Grow Lights
Account
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy
At JandSLighting.com we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to ensure that we provide you with the best services to suit your needs.
What We Collect and Where Do We Collect It?
All users of the site are free to explore most of the site without providing any personal information to JandSLighting.com. In other areas of the site you may be asked to provide the following information:
If you place an order with your credit card, we gather contact and address information; credit card type, number and expiration date; and e-mail address.
If you contact us via e-mail or Feedback form on our site we collect your e-mail address so that we may respond to your e-mail.
If you opt-in to our e-mail newsletter list, your e-mail address will be added to our list for periodic e-mail newsletters and special offers.
As with most web sites, we monitor where users of the site travel throughout the site so that we can develop a better understanding of the areas of greatest interest.
How does JandSLighting.com Use This Information?
Navigational
Our system automatically gathers information about the areas visited by both members and users. To do this, JandSLighting.com IP addresses (in other words, the location of your computer on the Internet) for system administration, troubleshooting and to examine overall traffic trends. (For example, IP addresses help us determine the number of people coming from various gateways, such as AOL.) We do not use any of this navigational data on an individual basis. Nor do we share any of this data with outside companies. We do use navigational information in the aggregate to understand how our members and users travel around the site as a group to use the services that we offer. We collect that information so that JandSLighting.com can constantly improve the site.
Personal
When you place an order with JandSLighting.com, we will ask you for some information, such as name, address and email. When you go to buy an item, additional information, such as your preferred means of payment and your shipping address, will be required. We also ask for demographic and interest-based information when you become a customer, but providing this latter information is purely optional. The information gathered is used, by means of placing a “cookie” on your hard drive, to welcome you to the site by name upon subsequent visits and speed up the data-entry process should you revisit our site later and want to make another purchase. Please note, however, that sensitive credit card information is not included in the information stored.
We might, from time to time, use the information provided to send you alerts about upcoming events and promotions and to create general customer profiles. You can -- at any time -- opt-out of receiving such communication by calling us at 1-866-731-2703 or by email at sales@jandslighting.com.
Do We Sell, Trade or Disclose Your Personal Information?
JandSLighting.com does not disclose, share, sell or trade any personal or individual information that it collects to third parties other than in the course of completing a transaction that you have requested or in response to an investigation involving legal matters. While we may provide information regarding site usage to third parties, such as traffic reports and sale information, this information will not include any of your personal information.
We never disclose your password to anyone. Our password reminder service ensures that forgotten passwords are sent only to the e-mail address entered into our system during the setup of the account.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data your browser stores on your computer hard drive. JandSLighting.com uses a cookie to customize portions of our site to your preferences. For example, JandSLighting.com uses a cookie to identify you as an account holder, and to make sure that only you have access to (for example) your own personal information. This way, you only have to answer those questions once and not every time you make a purchase on the site. The cookie, by itself, does not tell us (or anyone else) who you are, your email address, or anything else personal. You provide that information when you register with JandSLighting.com and only JandSLighting.com has access to that information and JandSLighting.com will not share that information with others except in the course of completing the transaction.
How Does JandSLighting.com Protect Customer Information?
JandSLighting.com uses a secure server. The servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced encryption technology that safeguards your personal information and guarantees privacy.
Links
We keep track of links that appear on our site that you may use to exit our site, but we do not keep track of where you go on the World Wide Web. The Web sites you visit may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of Web sites before providing them with any of your personal information. JandSLighting.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites nor for any cookies those sites may deposit on your hard drive.
About Children
JandSLighting.com does not target children nor does JandSLighting.com expect to attract children to its site. Because we are not a children site, we do not provide most of the privacy measures that are so important for their protection on the Internet. Because of this, we ask that minors do not submit information to JandSLighting.com without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here for thirty (30) days so that you will always know what information we have gathered, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
Your Ability to Confirm Information
We provide you with the opportunity to review, update or correct your information that we have on file. Just as you want to make sure that information YBulbs.com has about you is accurate, we want to keep only the most up-to-date information about your account. Therefore, whenever you want to review your information, or believe that your contact or billing information needs updating, you can contact JandSLighting.com at sales@jandslighting.com.
Removing Your Information from Our Records
If for some reason, you want us to remove your contact information from our database, we will -- after all of your transactions have been completed. All you have to do is send us an email at sales@jandslighting.com. Such information, however, is never completely removed from our database archives because we routinely back up our servers for disaster recovery and tax-record purposes.
Disclosures Required Under Law
JandSLighting.com will disclose personal information or information collected on about your use of the site in response to valid requests by legal authorities or in order to comply with the legal process.
Copyright © 1999-present. All rights reserved. J&S Lighting, 5820 Dennis Ave., Fort Worth, TX 76114