http://www.hpw.co.uk/terms-of-use
Home |
What we do
|
Portfolio
Leisure
Retail
Garden Centres
Holiday Parks
Homes
Commercial
Interior Design
Branding and Signage
|
About us
Company overview
Sustainability
Recruitment
Testimonials
Industry Awards
| Latest updates
| Contact us
You are here:
Home ” Terms of use
Terms of use
Terms of use
By entering or using this site, you accept these terms and conditions. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern HPW’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘HPW Architecture’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose company registration number is 350773, registered in England. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Modifications and additions
We may make changes to these terms and conditions at any time. Changes will be posted here and are effective immediately. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of the terms and conditions for your use of the site.
1. About this website
We will do our best to ensure that content on this site is accurate and up to date, and to address any errors or omissions as soon as they are identified, however:
we cannot guarantee that the content is always accurate and up to date, or that it applies to the individual circumstances of your business
content of this site is not intended to be used as a substitute for legal or professional advice
you should seek any appropriate professional advice relevant to your particular circumstances
2. Acceptable use policy
You agree to use this site for lawful purposes only. You must not use this site for any of the following:
to send, state, publish, use or reuse any material which is offensive, abusive, defamatory, indecent, obscene, threatening or illegal or in breach of copyright, trade mark, confidence, privacy or any other rights
to transmit any chain letters, spam letters, or junk email or participate in mischievous or malicious behaviour which causes or may cause damage, annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to this website or any other party
You may not circumvent or attempt to circumvent security measures or try to modify the site content except as expressly permitted.
We reserve the right to exclude a particular user from a service, and/or delete their details, if they abuse it (which could include, but is not limited to, hacking, submission of obscenities, fraud or the spreading of computer viruses). We may also make changes to a service without warning - this may include the removal of a service at any time.
In the interests of all our users, we will co-operate with investigations by any law enforcement agency or relevant authority of suspected criminal activity or violation of systems or networks.
Comments
All comments submitted to this website are subject to the conditions set out above. We are not obliged to publish your comments but if we do, you understand that other users are free to add further comments to yours (subject to the conditions above) either supporting or countering any views you may have expressed. We are not responsible for any opinions expressed in comments that we publish. We will moderate a comment before publication, and remove any as we see fit. If a published comment is subsequently brought to our attention that contravenes the conditions set out above, we will remove it and take further action as appropriate. You retain copyright of and are solely responsible for your own comments. You are responsible for any actions that may be taken against you in response to comments you have made.
3. Third party content and links to external websites
We are not responsible for the content of any linked website and cannot take responsibility for the consequences of your using the information or services on linked websites. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time.
Our website does not endorse or favour any specific commercial product or business. Non-government sites linked to from this website are present only because they may be useful additions to the information we provide. A link to a third-party website does not imply endorsement - you must use your own judgement to decide whether the information or service on that website is suitable for your needs. If a website is not linked to ours, this does not mean or imply that it is unsatisfactory. The linked websites are regularly reviewed in the light of customer usage and feedback.
Websites that we link to may have Terms and Conditions that are different from ours. Do not assume that our Terms and Conditions apply to other websites.
Other third party content
We embed external content from third-party websites such as YouTube, Twitter and LInkedIn. This content is not published on our website. It is delivered using devices and services provided by such third party sites that can be inserted into our site. We are not responsible for this content.
YouTube
Whilst we have made all reasonable efforts to display only appropriate YouTube videos through the embedded YouTube player, we are not responsible for any YouTube content accessed from our website. After a selected video clip plays, YouTube may suggest related videos, which can be played in the embedded video player. In virtually all cases, these will be directly related to the subject of the selected video. Occasionally, YouTube users may erroneously assign key words to a video. It is therefore possible that an unrelated video could be displayed. Again, we are not responsible for this content. If you are concerned about this possibility, you should avoid viewing YouTube videos from the embedded player on this website.
4. Online services, transactions and payments
When using this website you may access or follow links to a number of online services or transactions, for example online services provided by a range of government departments, agencies or authorities. Each of these services may have its own Terms and Conditions or end user licences that apply only to that service. Users of any service should ensure that they read the relevant terms and conditions.
We cannot guarantee the availability of any particular service either provided by us or by another department or agency.
When applicable, payments are taken by government departments, agencies or authorities. Any disputes over such payments or fees requested and obtained via this website must be taken up with the relevant organisation.
Transactions, for example licence applications, are processed by the relevant department, agency or authority. This site is not responsible for any loss or damage, including loss of earnings or incurred expenses, as a result of any delay in processing.
5. User accounts, ID and password
To register with this site or to use certain services and tools, you will need to hold an online account or to register for a User ID and password (for further information see our privacy policy).
Your User ID and password are very important pieces of information and it is your responsibility to keep them secure.
You agree to:
choose a new password whenever you are required to do so
keep your User ID and password confidential
be responsible for any transactions made by users you have authorised to use your User ID and password
If you suspect your User ID and password has been or may be used by unauthorised persons you must notify us immediately using the Feedback Form.
You are responsible for the management of information in your account. Where you use relevant services, such as local authority licence applications:
we cannot recover any application documents you choose to delete from your account
it is your responsibility to log into your account to check the progress of your application
we cannot be held responsible for the content of communications between you and third parties when using the message box in your account
6. Security and virus protection
No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. While we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, such transmission is at your own risk. We will not be liable for any damages or loss arising out of or resulting from any unauthorised access to, alteration to or modification of information contained on this website.
We make every effort to check and test our website during production. You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this website does not expose you to risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your computer system. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus program on anything you download from the internet.
We accept no liability for any loss, disruption or damage to your computer system or your data caused by using this website or arising as a result of having used the website.
When uploading documents to this website you must take every reasonable precaution to prevent the spread or diffusion of any software contamination including computer viruses.
7. Data Protection
Information you provide to us may be passed to relevant service providers, including government departments, agencies or authorities, for example in order to respond to your request or process your application. Your information will be managed in accordance with the law, including the Data Protection Act 1998. For further information please read our privacy policy.
8. General
We, our suppliers and employees are not liable for any loss or damage arising from your use of, or reliance upon the information contained on our website, or any failure to comply with these terms and conditions, where such failure is due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
If we waive any rights available to us under these terms and conditions on an occasion, this does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on any other or subsequent occasion.
If any part of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions shall nevertheless continue in full force.
9. Applicable Law
This website and the use of it are governed by the laws of England and Wales. The English and Welsh courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes connected to or arising out of use of the website.
If you use information or services provided on this website from outside the UK, you are responsible for ensuring your use conforms to local laws as well as the laws of England and Wales.
{extended_info_left_column}
{extended_info_right_column}
Join our social community
© 2019 HPW Architecture Limited. Web design by Spitfire Marketing
Site map
|
Terms of use