http://www.montane.co.uk/terms-conditions-i7
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
5 Stars on Trustpilot
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
This Website is brought to you by MONTANE Ltd ("Montane", or "we" or "us") and all rights, including copyright, in the content of the Website are owned or controlled by Montane.
Montane and its affiliates provide access to the Website and sell its products to you subject to the Terms and Conditions set out on this page.
If you have any comments or queries relating to this Website, please contact us.
By purchasing Montane products on the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Your Account
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner. Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when you registered. The Website only sells products to individuals who can purchase with a credit card or debit card. If you are under sixteen (16), you may use the Website only with the express permission and supervision of a parent or guardian. Montane reserves the right to refuse access to the Website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at its discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy which, together with the fraud prevention section below, explains how the personal information we collect from you will be used in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our Contract
When you place an order to purchase a product from the Website, we will send you an email confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order. Your order represents an offer to us to purchase a product which is accepted by us when we send an email to you confirming that we have accepted the order (the Order Confirmation Email). Such acceptance will be complete at the time we send the Order Confirmation Email to you. You are seeking to enter into a contract with Montane when you place an order.
This contract is legally binding when you have placed an order, your order has been accepted by us and we have sent you the Confirmation Email.
Montane will retain the title in the products until full payment has been made by you and has been received by Montane.
Montane reserves the right to hold any orders prior to shipping for security review. Montane only delivers its products to the locations listed on the Website.
Fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and identity verification checks
By confirming your order you will be indicating that you have read, understood and agree to these terms and conditions and that you explicitly consent to your personal information being used by us, our third party service providers and Fraud Prevention Agencies (as further described below) for the following purposes. You should not confirm your order unless you consent to this use of your personal information. If you have any questions at all about this, please contact us at website@montane.co.uk before you proceed with your purchase.
Your personal information including your full name and address, your bank account and card payment details will be used for fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and identity verification purposes. This personal information may be disclosed to and used by fraud prevention agencies (FPAs) for all such purposes and those agencies may keep a record of it where permitted by the Data Protection Act 2018 (as amended and/or replaced from time to time). This personal information will also be disclosed to third parties providing fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and/or identity verification services us.
As part of this, we may check the following records about you:
Our own records
Records held by third parties providing services to us; and
Records at fraud prevention agencies (FPAs).
The checks described above may include assessing and verifying identities to prevent and detect fraud. The information we obtain from third parties providing services to us and FPAs will help us to decide whether we are willing to accept payments from you through our website(s) and whether to complete the payment process through our website(s).
As explained above, personal information about you may be sent by us to FPAs and recorded by them. In addition, we may give details of the payments you make to FPAs. All such information may be supplied by the FPAs to other organisations in order that they may perform similar fraud prevention, fraud screening and age and identity verification checks against you, including as part of online transactions and otherwise. Records remain on file for up to 6 years after checks are carried out.
If you give us false or inaccurate information about yourself and if we suspect fraudulent payments and/or identity fraud we will record this and may also pass this information to FPAs and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention. We and other organisations may access and use information which relates to you and which is recorded by FPAs in other countries.
This section constitutes a short form explanation about how your personal information may be used by us in conjunction with the FPAs. If you would like to obtain full details about this, please contact us at website@montane.co.uk.
Deliveries
We will endeavour to deliver all products you have ordered within 30 (thirty) days from your Order Confirmation Email. Please click here to view our delivery details and charges (if applicable).
Non-EU Customers
All products purchased from the Website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss for such products pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. If you have received your Order Confirmation Email but your products have not arrived within the time specified in the Order Confirmation Email, please contact us and we will do our best to assist. Note that during exceptionally busy periods (e.g. Christmas) or when the weather is particularly inclement please allow an additional day before raising a query.
EU Customers
All products purchased from the Website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss for such products will pass to you when we deliver your product(s) to the address you gave us. You will be responsible for the product(s) once they have been delivered in accordance with the delivery instructions. If you have received your Order Confirmation Email but your products have not arrived within the time specified in the Order Confirmation Email, please contact us and we will do our best to assist. Note that during exceptionally busy periods (e.g. Christmas) or when the weather is particularly inclement please allow an additional day before raising a query.
If your order has not been received within our specified timescales as further set out below, in the first instance please check with your local mail delivery office to see that they are not holding your parcel. If they confirm that they do not have your products, please contact us and we will do our best to assist.
Returns
You can only return Montane products that have been purchased directly through this Website. Montane products purchased at a retail store or from other websites must be returned to the original store or site from which they were purchased.
If for any reason you are not happy with your Montane products, please follow our Returns Policy, so that we can assist you in the exchange or refund of your order. Montane reserves the right to reject the return of products that are not returned in accordance with our Returns Policy and we may request that you pay for delivery charges in returning such goods back to you. Our returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
A. Returns
You may return new, unworn or unused products within twenty eight (28) days from the date on which the goods were shipped to you.
Delivery Costs
If you are returning goods for a refund from the UK you can return them free of charge using the Royal Mail or Collect+ service. Full details can be found in our Returns Policy. This is in addition to your statutory rights.
If you are returning goods for refund from outside of the UK you are responsible for the cost of returning them to us.
The original delivery charge associated with the order will be refunded to you.
You will only be refunded the value of the goods ordered and the original delivery charge.
This Returns Procedure does not affect your statutory right to cancel or any of your other statutory rights.
B. Conditions for All Returns
All goods must be returned to us unused, together with all original packaging (please note you have a duty to take reasonable care of returned goods and any refund may be withheld or a charge incurred if you fail to take such care and damage the goods). Please make sure that your return package is packed and sealed securely (in or with the original packaging if possible). Packages being returned from the UK should be sent using the pre-paid Royal Mail or Collect+ service. Packages being returned from outside the UK should be sent with the freight prepaid. We recommend the use of an insured parcel service.
With your purchase of Montane products, you will receive a Delivery Note and Returns Form. To return items to us simply fill out your Returns Form as instructed, include the Returns Form in the package and attach the label (including your Order Number) to the outside of the package then send it back to us. If you do not have your Delivery Note or Returns Form, our Returns Team will be happy to send you electronic copies for you to print off at home. You can contact them at website@Montane.co.uk.
Discrepancies
If there are any discrepancies with your order, you must notify us in writing as soon as possible. Please send details of the discrepancy to website@montane.co.uk quoting your order number. If you have been shipped the incorrect goods then please do accept our apologies. Please follow the Returns Procedure and we will endeavour to correct the error as quickly as possible. Any replacements will be sent to you at no extra cost to yourself.
Feedback and Complaints Policy
We welcome any comments about our service, so that we can improve what we are doing. Our aim is to deal with any problems quickly and fairly. If you have reason to complain about our service, please e-mail our Customer Services Team stating clearly that you are making a complaint. Alternatively, call us on the number stated on the Website and say that you wish to make a complaint. Our aim is to respond to your complaint within fourteen (14) working days, either resolving the complaint, or with a timescale for resolution.
Pricing and availability
All prices are quoted in Pounds Sterling and are inclusive of VAT unless otherwise specified. All item prices are exclusive of delivery charges. We list availability information for products sold by us on the Website, including on each product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the Website, we cannot be more specific about availability. Please note that shipping dates are estimates only. Unless otherwise stated, dispatch dates are not guaranteed and should not be relied upon. As we process your order, we will inform you by email if any products you order are subsequently found to be unavailable.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the products on the Website may be mis-priced. If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product. If a product's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping the products or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Customs
When ordering products from the Website for delivery overseas you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you as we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact the local customs office for further information. Additionally, please note that when ordering from the Website, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which the products are received. Your privacy is important to us and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. We would like our International customers to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
This Website is provided by Montane on an as is and as available basis. Montane makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this Website or the information, content, materials, or products included on this Website. It is expressly agreed by you that your use of this Website is at your sole risk.
Montane disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of saleability and fitness for purpose to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law. Montane does not warrant that this Website, its servers, or e-mail by us are free of viruses or other harmful components. Montane will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this Website, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
Laws of certain countries or states do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Electronic communications
When you visit the Website or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Website. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Website or to products you purchase through the Website may be submitted to the courts of England and Wales, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Montanes intellectual property rights, Montane may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any court in any country in the world, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
Copyright Restrictions
All rights, including copyright and other intellectual property rights, in and to this Website are owned by or licensed to MONTANE unless otherwise stated.
You may not, without our prior written consent, copy, reproduce, crawl, frame, republish, download, print, post, distribute, re-post, broadcast, record, transmit, edit, communicate to the public, link to, deep-link into, or distribute in any way the web pages or materials on the website or the computer codes or elements comprising the Website other than solely for your own personal use. You may not use the content of the Website for any commercial purposes whatsoever.
Your use of the Website and its contents grants no rights to you in relation to our intellectual property rights, or that of third parties, in the Website or its contents.
Submissions
By submitting information (other than your personal data), ideas, suggestions, text, photos, graphics or other content to Montane you confirm that you have the right to use the same and grant us a perpetual, royalty-free non-exclusive right to use such materials at our own discretion (with or without accreditation) in any media including, without limitation, to edit, copy, reproduce, disclose, create derivative works from, post and remove such materials from the Website or any other media now known or later developed.
Alteration of Service or Amendments to the Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to our Website, policies, and these Terms and Conditions of Sale at any time. Your usage of the Website and your orders will be subject to the policies and Terms and Conditions of Sale in force at the time that you use the Website or that you order products from us, unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions of Sale are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining conditions.
Events beyond our reasonable control
Montane will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Waiver
If you breach these Terms and Conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Governing law and jurisdiction
Your use of the Website, any purchase by you on the Website of any products and these conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and will be deemed to have occurred in England. You agree, as we do, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Your statutory rights are not affected by these Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Our details
Montane.co.uk is owned by MONTANE Ltd, 3 Freeman Court, North Seaton Industrial Estate, Ashington, Northumberland NE63 0YF, England.
Newsletter Sign-up
Top