http://www.enterprisingwomen.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Enterprising Women
Learn More
Back
Our Advisory Board Members
Our Partner Organizations
Our Sponsors
Photo Gallery
Advertising
Back
Our Readership
Print Advertising
Digital Advertising
PR Newswire
eZ Learning University
Women-owned Firms Statistics pdf
Contact Us
Login
Access Digital Magazines Here
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions: Privacy Policy Effective date: December 17, 2019 Enterprising Women ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://enterprisingwomen.com/ website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://enterprisingwomen.com/ and any mobile app used by Enterprising Women. Information Collection And Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: * Email address * Cookies and Usage Data Usage Data We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking & Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use: * Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. * Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Use of Data Enterprising Women uses the collected data for various purposes: * To provide and maintain the Service * To notify you about changes to our Service * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so * To provide customer care and support * To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service * To monitor the usage of the Service * To detect, prevent and address technical issues Transfer Of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Enterprising Women will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure Of Data Legal Requirements Enterprising Women may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: * To comply with a legal obligation * To protect and defend the rights or property of Enterprising Women * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public * To protect against legal liability Security Of Data The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Links To Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes To This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: By email: ewomenmagazine@aol.com By visiting this page on our website: https://enterprisingwomen.com/contact-us ______________________________________ 1135 Kildaire Road, Suite 200, Cary, NC 27511 919-362-1551 carley@enterprisingwomen.com | enterprisingwomen.com
Now you can read Enterprising Women, the only national and global magazine for women entrepreneurs like you by downloading our FREE Apps on both the Google & Apple App Stores! Download it Now!
Stay connected to us by subscribing to our free newsletter!
Be A Mentor
Enterprising Women is a partner in the new Million Women Mentors (MWM) initiative.
The initiative supports the engagement of one million science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) mentors — women and men — to increase the interest and confidence of young women to pursue and succeed in STEM degrees and careers.
Read the full news release.
Great deals. Good deeds.
Use Giving Assistant to save money and support Enterprising Women Foundation
Donate up to 30% of this purchase to Enterprising Women Foundation by signing up for Giving Assistant and shopping at 3000+ retailers like Office Depot, Lowe's, and Macy's.
Virtual Learning Center
Do you want to learn more about starting and running a business?
Visit our Virtual Learning Center, with classes designed for business women like you!
Discover e-learning.
Home
Enterprising Women Magazine
EW of the Year Award
The Connector
Latina Resources
EW Foundation
1135 Kildaire Road, Suite 200, Cary, NC 27511
919-362-1551  |   919-362-9898 (fax)
Terms and Conditions  |  Refund Policy    |  Privacy Policy   |   Copyright 2020   |  Web Design by Myra Ray of PrintandWebDesigner.com