http://www.cesales.com/terms-use
Skip to main content
X
Search Products
Careers
Contact
800-228-2790
Product Search
Products & SolutionsAutomation
Controls
Motion
Robotics
Safety
Sensors
Vision
Pneumatics
Marking Systems
Solution Center
Resource CenterPresentations
Product Overviews
Document Library
Compliance Documents
Technical Applications
Control Panel Selector Guide
Line Cards
Events
News
About Us
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
This document describes C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc.'s policy regarding information received about you during visits to our web site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our site.
Terms of Use
This document describes C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc.'s policy regarding information received about you during visits to our web site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our site. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. By accessing this web site, you acknowledge that you have read the following terms and conditions, that you understand them and that you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree with the terms in this Policy, please do not use this site.
You may browse this site for information. You acknowledge, however, that this site contains information, data, photographs, graphics and other materials that are protected by laws governing copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights. Under no circumstances may you transfer (including, without limitation, by sale, loan, rent or lease), use, copy, reproduce, download, republish, upload, post, transmit, adapt, modify or distribute the site contents, in whole or in part, without the express prior written consent of C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc.. The use of any of the site contents on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. This site is intended and directed only to residents of the United States and all advertising and claims in this site are valid only in the United States.
Normal Web Site Usage
You can browse the contents of C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc.'s web site without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect and store during normal web site usage is the name of your Internet service provider, the web site that referred you to us, the pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of customer visits. During normal web site usage, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, company name, etc.
Electronic Mail Sent to Us Containing Personal Information
Visitors to the C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc. web site may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in a message containing comments about the C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc. web site. C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc. will only use this information to identify the user. We will not use it in any way other than to resolve the matter identified in the e-mail.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on this web site you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other sites that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
Use of This Site
You expressly agree that the use of this site is at your own risk. Neither C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc. nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates nor any person involved in creating, producing or distributing the site warrant that the site will be uninterrupted or error free, nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or to the accuracy or currency of the information. The site contents are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law.
Under no circumstances shall C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates nor any person involved in creating, producing or distributing the site, be liable for any special or consequential damages, whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, that result from the use of, or the inability to use, any part of the site contents.
Connections that keep people working
2400 Technical Drive | Miamisburg, OH 45342 | 800.228.2790
Subscribe to our newsletter
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
©2020 by C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc. - All Rights Reserved