http://www.ga.com/legal
Legal
This privacy statement explains generally what information General Atomics may gather from you, how General Atomics intends to use such information, and how General Atomics intends to protect such information, if at all. While General Atomics intends to comply with this stated policy, we cannot guarantee compliance in all cases. Accordingly, we caution you not to provide information that might be harmful to you in the event of our inadvertent disclosure of the information or our non-compliance with this policy information.
Agreement
By using this website, you agree that General Atomics may collect and use information as described below. If General Atomics changes this privacy statement, General Atomics will post such changes on this website.
What information is stored?
When you visit our websites, General Atomics' server automatically records your IP address and accessed pages.
General Atomics may also collect information through the use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data, or data files, which are sent by a website to your web browser and are stored on your computer. The information stored in the cookie is used for statistical tracking purposes to understand general traffic patterns. General Atomics may use this data to provide feedback to our web designers, content providers, or business managers to assist them in improving our website and services offered.
Additionally, personal data is stored only if provided by you. This data is collected if you request information from this website (for example a website questionnaire) to assist us in responding to your request. If you decide to provide personal data to General Atomics, we alert you that the data transfer via Internet is unsecured and that such data may be acknowledged or falsified by unauthorized persons.
Use, Purpose and Disclosure of data
General Atomics will use data we collect from you for technical and trouble-shooting purposes, for the satisfaction of customer needs, and for product and marketing improvements.
General Atomics does not intend to share your personal data with others outside General Atomics.
Notwithstanding the above, we will disclose your data to governmental authorities in cases where such disclosure is arguably required by law.
Freedom and Choice of Information
Should you not agree with our use of the information you provide as set forth in this policy, you must inform us of this request in writing so that General Atomics can make reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Further, upon written request, General Atomics will identify any personal data as defined by local law that we store. If such stored personal data is incorrect, we will correct the incorrect information you identify in your written request.
Applicability of this statement and Links to Third Party Sites
This privacy policy applies only to the General Atomics website. You should be aware that through links you might be directed to other company or third party sites that we do not control. General Atomics has no control over the privacy policies or practices of these other sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites to which we link, list, rank, or identify by means of search. General Atomics takes no responsibility for the products, services, policies, or actions of third parties or the content of third party websites. General Atomics provides these links merely for convenience and the presence of such third party links are not an endorsement or recommendation by General Atomics.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this statement, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos and service marks appearing on the General Atomics website are the property of General Atomics and other parties. Nothing on the General Atomics website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark without the prior written consent of the trademark owner.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This General Atomics website is controlled by General Atomics from its offices in San Diego, CA, United States of America. You agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, any General Atomics website shall be governed by applicable U.S. federal law or California state law. You also agree that any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the General Atomics website shall be instituted in a state or federal court in San Diego County, California. You and General Atomics agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree the venue is proper in these counts in any such legal action or proceeding.
You may not access, download, use, or export information (including any software, products, or services) contained on this General Atomics' website in violation of U.S. export laws or regulations, or in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
Mobile App Privacy Policy
GA Mobile App Privacy Policy (PDF)