https://www.salestaxspecialists.com/privacy-notice
Skip to content Privacy NoticeWebmaster72019-07-17T06:24:54+00:00Privacy NoticeEffective Date: January 2, 2014This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.salestaxspecialists.com.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site.How it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, without your consent.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.We do not collect sensitive information such as credit card information via our website.  We only collect information you provide us via our various information collection forms on our website.We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 916-714-3600 or via email.Sign Up For Our NewsletterGet relevant, timely, and informational newsletters and alerts sent directly to your inbox. This will not be “junk” you don’t need or want, but great information on Sales and Use Tax that you will find helpful. If you don’t like it you will always be able to easily opt out of receiving future newsletters. And, we assure you that we will never sell your email or give it to anyone else. It will only be used in association with our periodic mailings to you.Sign UpCheck Out Our Seminars and Webinars Pages for Upcoming EventsCompanyWhy Choose Us
Leadership
Clients
Partnerships
LocationsServicesComplete Audit Defense Pre Audit Consultation
Post Audit Analysis & Defense
Completed Audit Review
Nexus Analysis
Seminars
Webinars
Sales Tax Training
Operational Reviews
Settlement Proposals
Tax Refund ManagementResourcesCase Studies
Tax NuggetsDon’t forget that if you get audited by the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration you have rights that need to be protected at all times.  Make sure you have someone in your corner that knows how to protect these rights and protect you and your company!  Sales Tax Specialists, Inc. is that company!
All information provided on this site is of a general nature and is not intended to address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. It is provided with the understanding that it does not constitute tax, legal, accounting, or other professional service. No one should act upon this information without first seeking appropriate professional advice following an adequate examination of the facts of the particular situation. The information herein is also intended to address California Sales and Use Tax only and may not be applicable to similar taxes in other jurisdictions. Privacy Policy © 2000-2020 Sales Tax Specialists, Inc. All rights reserved.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area