http://www.alteclansing.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 6/23/17
Altec Lasing operates http://www.alteclansing.com . This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name and email.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 23, 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Contact Us
Follow Us
/AltecLansing
@AltecLansing
@alteclansingofficial
alteclansingfirst
Back to top
JUST LISTEN
Stay in touch
Receive announcements and exclusive deals!
E-mail Address*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Stay in Touch
Sign up for news & exclusive deals
Sign up for news & exclusive deals
E-mail Address*
Thanks for subscribing
Thanks for subscribing
Closing in 5 seconds