https://www.tidel.com/about/privacy-policy/
Home » About » Privacy Policy
Tidel Privacy Policy
Last updated: 7/1/2020
Who We Are
Tidel Engineering L.P. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates tidel.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
You may contact us regarding our Privacy Policies by emailing askTidel@tidel.com, or calling 1-800.678.7577.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you via our contact forms. Personally-identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, and phone number. (“Personal Information”). Providing this information is entirely optional in order to use the site.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services that collect, monitor and analyze this Log Data.
Communications
We may use the Personal Information that you provide to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information regarding our products and services. The provided information will not be sold, but it may be passed on to our partners.
Cookies
“Cookies” are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Embedded Content and Links to Other Sites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) or links to other sites. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Please see the other sites’ respective Privacy Policies.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics software to record, track, and analyze users’ visits to our web site. You can review Google Analytics’ data collection and policies information here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Use of Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link. https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 7/1/2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
You may contact us regarding our Privacy Policies by emailing askTidel@tidel.com, or calling 1-800.678.7577.
ABOUTWho We Are
Tidel History
Management
Quality Policy
Careers
Patents
Privacy Policy
SUPPORTParts
Service Provider Log In
Warranty Registration
Series 4/4e Training
Series 4e Configuration Tool
Training Videos
Smart Safe Benefits for Retailers
Series 4 Smart Safe Checklist
Cash Recycling Benefits
Tidel Financial Services
PRODUCTS / SOLUTIONSSMART SAFES
SERIES 3
> Single Coin Acceptor
> Storage Vault
SERIES 4
> Tube Vend
> Side Vault
> Narrow Side Vault
> Till Storage Vault
SERIES 4e
> Side Car
> Bulk Coin and Note Dispenser
> Bulk Coin Dispenser
> Rolled Coin Dispenser
> High Capacity Note Dispenser
> Low Capacity Note Dispenser
RECYCLERS
UTC-Under the Counter
TR50
TR100
TR200
TR250
TR300
Timed Access Cash Controllers (TACC)
TACC IIA
TACC III
TACC VI
Entry Control Devices
IES 50 Intelligent Entry Scanner
MARKETSQuick Serve Restaurants
Convenience Stores/Gas Stations
Healthcare
Hotels/Hospitality
Grocery
Entertainment
Specialty Retail
Utilities
Other Retail
MEDIABlog
Marketing Videos
Podcasts
Press Releases
Case Studies
Trade Shows
Product Brochures
Configuration Guides
FollowFollowFollow
2025 W. Belt Line Rd. #114Carrollton, TX 75006
972.484.3358800.678.7577
Contact Us
PARTS
Employee Communications
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Gmail
Print Friendly