http://www.morganandwacker.com.au/privacy/
Close Button X
Page Heading Polygon
location marker icon
phone icon
Icon arrow down
icon of Facebook logo
icon of Twitter logo
icon of YouTube logo
icon of LinkedIn logo
icon of Google+ logo
icon of Pintarest logo
icon of Share logo
Get a Quote Icon
Download a Brochure Icon
Book a Service Icon
Specials Icon
Book a Test Ride Icon
Four Wheeler
Icon of two motorcycles from the front
Icon of square speech bubble with dollar symbol
Harley-Davidson Motorcycle Icon
Search our Stock Icon
Calculator Icon
Icon of Shield and Tick Mark
More Content Below
Learner Approved Motorcycles (LAM)
View Right Arrow
Icon of Instagram Logo
Icon of Left Arrow
Icon of Double Left Arrow
TeamMoto Logo
Ultimate Motorbikes Logo
Question Mark in a Circle Icon
Book a Test Ride Icon
Icon of Right Arrow
Icon of 3 Horizontal Lines
Icon of a 4 square Quandrant
Icon of a car
Hand Offering Cash Icon
Envelope Icon
List Symbol of Lines and Dots Icon
Calculator Icon
Book a Test Drive steering wheel Icon
Get a Quote Dollar Icon
Icon of a magnifying Glass
Icon of a Dollar Symbol
Video Click to Start Icon
Printer Icon
Close Button Circle X
Icon of 3.5 star rating
Icon of 4 star rating
Icon of Empty Star Outline
Icon of Filled Star
Icon of Half Filled Star
Icon of Specials Tag and Star
Icon of a Left Arrow for a Carousel
Icon of a Right Arrow for a Carousel
Icon of a bike
Powered by I-Motor - link to I-Motor website
Icon of a House in a Circle
Icon of a House in a Circle for the Mobile Nav
Icon of a Phone in a Circle for the Mobile Nav
Icon of an Arrow Pointing Down for the Mobile Nav
Icon of an Arrow Pointing Up for the Mobile Nav
Icon of Plus Symbol
Icon of Minus Symbol
Icon of Hamburger to trigger Primary Navigation
Icon of Arrow Pointing Left
Icon of Home Used on Error Pages
Search our Stock Icon
Calculator Icon
Tools
QuoteGet a Quote
BrochuresRequest a Brochure
ServiceBook a Service
SpecialsSpecial Offers
Test RideBook a Test Ride
Our Stock
Our Stock
Type
New
Demo
Used
Make
Please select Type
Model
Please select Type
Year
Any
Any
Price
Search
QuoteGet a Quote
BrochuresRequest a Brochure
ServiceBook a Service
SpecialsSpecial Offers
Test RideBook a Test Ride
Our Stock
Our Stock
CloseX
CloseX
CloseX
CloseX
CloseX
CloseX
Morgan & Wacker Harley-Davidson® Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Morgan & Wacker Harley-Davidson® is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of individuals who deal with us, in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles. This privacy policy deals with how we manage personal information collected by us. We are committed to protecting the personal information that we hold about you.
2. The kinds of personal information we collect and hold.
In dealing with you we may collect personal information including your name, address, date of birth, telephone numbers, email address and driver's license number.
3. How we collect and hold personal information.
Generally, we collect personal information directly from you, when you contact or deal with us. We also collect personal information from third parties, for example finance or insurance companies providing related services to you.
We protect this information in a number of ways. It is kept in secure locations, and access to it is restricted to those who have the appropriate authorization under our policies. Where we share the information with third parties we ensure they also have appropriate policies and security in place. When the information is no longer required, it is de-identified, deleted, or securely destroyed.
4. How we use and disclose personal information.
We collect and use your personal information for a number of reasons, including:
To enable us to properly respond to your request about purchasing a motorcycle, parts, service or repair, finance or insurance.
To provide you with information about products or offers.
To enable us to arrange for you things like motorcycle registration, finance or insurance.
To contact you in the event of a motorcycle recall or program or any warranty matters.
To maintain records for accounting, administrative and legal requirements.
To provide your details to the motorcycle manufacturer for warranty purposes or to conduct customer satisfaction surveys.
For other purposes related to your dealings with us.
5. How you may access your personal information.
You may access your personal information by contacting us. You can contact the Morgan & Wacker Harley-Davidson® staff member you usually deal with, or email us at znexrgvat@zpubyqvatf.pbz.nh to make this request. We will then arrange with you a convenient time and means for you to have access.
If at any time you believe that any personal information of yours that we hold is incorrect, please contact us at znexrgvat@zpubyqvatf.pbz.nh and advise us of the correct information, and we will amend our records.
6. How you may make a privacy complaint.
If you have a complaint about the way we hold or use your personal information, please contact us at znexrgvat@zpubyqvatf.pbz.nh, stating your concern, and how you would like your complaint resolved. We will investigate your complaint and respond to you with our findings and our proposed action, within 30 days. In the event you are dissatisfied with the outcome of the complaint of the investigation, you may refer your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
7. Transfer of personal information overseas.
Morgan & Wacker Harley-Davidson® may disclose personal information (including credit information) to overseas recipients in order to provide their products and/ or services and for administrative or other management purposes.
Our business is affiliated with other businesses located overseas, such as motorcycle manufacturers and original equipment manufacturers. In the course of doing business with you, we are likely to disclose some of your personal information to overseas recipients. However, we will only do so where:
it is necessary to complete the transaction you have entered into; and
you have provided consent; or
we believe on reasonable grounds that the overseas recipient is required to deal with your personal information by enforceable laws which are similar to the requirements under the APPs; or
it is otherwise permitted by law.
While it is not practicable to list every country in which such recipients may be located, recipients of such disclosures is likely to include countries where the parent company of our franchises exist, such as Japan and Germany.
8. Changes to our policy
This Privacy Policy was updated in March 2014. We may update it from time to time at our discretion.
Our Contact details are:
Morgan & Wacker Harley-Davidson®Address: 54 Ross Street, Newstead, Brisbane, QLD 4006Phone: (07) 3606 8895
9. Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other Websites. We are not responsible for the Privacy Policies of other sites.