https://www.guesttracker.com/company/privacy/
Privacy Policy
TCS Hospitality Solutions – Last Update January 2019
Privacy Policy
Please read our privacy policy carefully to understand our practices and policies regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies, your choice is not to provide information to our Website. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
TCS Hospitality Solutions is collecting this information for the sole purpose of providing you additional information about our Campground & Lodging Software Products.
TCS Hospitality Solutions always strives to protect your personal information and privacy. We consider privacy to be fundamental to our relationship with our clients, partners and their customers. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of all data collected on our Website. An individual or Business has the right to privacy which extends to all forms of contact with us, including telephone, written correspondence and Email.
Our internal data policies are consistent with the industry best practices as it relates to privacy. These policies are designed to protect all confidential information while servicing your requests. Any party that receives this information will use it only for the services required and as allowed by applicable law or regulation, and is not permitted to share or use this information for any other purpose.
Access to personal information provided to TCS by a site visitor is limited to authorized personnel who need the information to provide the requested information or services. In order to safeguard our client’s non-public personal information, our internal policies are designed to comply with industry privacy standards. Additionally, we also operate secure data networks that are not available to the public.
You may opt-out of all communication from our company by sending an e-mail to
Contact Us today!
Get a free Trial
Get a free Quote
Contact Guest Tracker
Name
First
Last
Email
PhoneMailto Field(hidden)*
MessageOpt In
I agree to receive occasional emails containing news, updates or promotions. I can withdraw my consent at any time.
CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.