http://www.accessibleconstruction.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
(866) 902-9800
CONTACT US
PRESS
ORDERING INFO
BLOGS
ASK "ACCESSIBLE" ADAM
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
Accessible Design & Construction does not collect any information that personally identifies you unless you knowingly and willingly provide it by sending it to us via e-mail.
Accessible Design & Construction only gathers non-personally identifiable information such as which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were clicked.
Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us, among other things, to monitor our internal operations, improve our services, identify the most popular areas of our site and determine the effectiveness of our services and promotional activities. It also helps us make available, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the behavior of the users of our site, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our site.
Information Security and QualityWe have implemented appropriate technical and managerial procedures to maintain information that is accurate, current, and complete. We will make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to correct information inaccuracies in a timely manner.
We reserve the right to disclose information contained within our access logs concerning any user as we reasonably feel is necessary to protect our systems or business. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution.
Business RelationshipsThe Accessible Design & Construction web site contains links to other web sites. Accessible Design & Construction is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
CookiesThere are various technologies, including one called “cookies”, which can be used to provide you with better or more useful interactions and information from a Web site. Cookies are small text files placed on the hard drive of a visitor’s computer if permitted by the browser. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to read data from hard disks, execute any code, send you viruses or destroy your files. Cookies allow preferences to be set, and allow the automatic processing of text, monitor, and language preferences, among other things, and help us track user preferences and the pages of the site which they visit. Please check the Help file of your browser to determine how to set these user preferences. The Accessible Design & Construction web site does NOT currently utilize cookie technology.
UpdatingPlease note that we review and modify our privacy practices from time to time, and that those practices are therefore subject to change.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection