http://www.wardcnc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
T W Ward CNC Machinery Ltd takes the privacy of its customers very seriously. Please read the following policy to understand how we will treat your personal information when you use our website. If this policy changes then we will let you know via our homepage, and will give you the opportunity to opt out of any changes which affect you.
The information we collect
In order to provide you with the best Internet experience we can, we collect certain personal information about you. When you register for our monthly newsletter and personalize it to your requirements we will store your email address together with any other information you may provide as part of the personalization process. When you buy anything via the site, we may need to collect information about you to process the transaction and fulfill your order. This information may include, but is not limited to, details such as your name, your address and your credit card details. When you view our site by linking from another web page we may store the name of that web page for purposes of internal administration.
What do we do with your personal information?
T W Ward CNC Machinery Ltd uses your personal information to provide you with the best online experience and to provide you with a personalized service to give you details of offers which we think will be of interest to you. If you have chosen to receive them, we will also use your information to provide you with our monthly newsletter and other email alerts letting you stay up-to-date about relevant offers. We may also use the information to process any transactions you undertake with us and for internal administration and analysis. We disclose your information to third parties only for the purpose of completing your transaction with us, providing the above services to you and for the purposes of associated administration and obtaining professional advice. We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard disc. If you have registered with T W Ward CNC Machinery Ltd then your computer will store an identifying code in the cookie which means you do not need to type in your email address each time you return to the site. Other than this, we do not store your password or any other information in the cookie, or use it for any other purpose.
Data Protection
In the UK we operate and are registered in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
Consent
By disclosing your personal information to us using this website or over the telephone, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by T W Ward CNC Machinery Ltd in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you still have any concerns about privacy or security, please contact us on: WebAdmin@wardcnc.com
What are you looking for?
MachinesMachinesSupportSupportFinanceFinance
Contact usContact us
Sign up to our mailing list
0114 270 0786
sales@wardcnc.com
Machines
Boring & Milling
Machining Centres
Milling Machines
Multi-Tasking
Turning Centres
Services
Service & Support
Finance
Service Enquiries
Spares Enquiries
About Ward CNC
Company Profile
Our Values
Our Story
Meet the Team
Our Partners
Our Customers
Contact & News
Contact Us
Latest News
Vacancies
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Site by Vivid
Ward CNC Sheffield & North | Albion Works | Attercliffe Road | Sheffield | S4 7WW
Ward CNC Midlands & South | Meir Road, Park Farm North | Redditch | Worcestershire | B98 7SY