https://www.relyco.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Relyco Sales, Inc.
Relyco Sales, Inc. (“Relyco”) Customer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Relyco anytime you interact with Relyco, such as when you visit our website (the “Site”), when you purchase Relyco products and services or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Relyco and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements and changes, special offers, closure announcements, quality control, warranty information and events that you might like to hear about.
How to opt-out of marketing emails
If you do not want Relyco to keep you up to date with Relyco news and the latest information on products and services through our marketing emails, you may opt-out by simply clicking the subscription preferences link in the footer of all of our marketing emails.
Although you may have opted not to receive marketing communications, you may still receive business-related communications such as order confirmations, product recall notices or other related communications.
What information we collect and how we may use it
As part of your interaction with Relyco, we may collect personal information on a form such as contact information, including name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences. We may also collect demographic information, including age, personal interests and product preferences. While shopping or taking advantage of services available from us, we may ask that you provide personal information. For example, we may request personal information when you:
Purchase products or servicesSet up an account onlineParticipate in a promotion or surveyContact us with a question or concernParticipate in other activities with Relyco
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us give you better products and services. For example, we use the personal information you provide for purposes including, but not limited to:
Fulfilling requests for products, services or informationProviding customer servicesAdministering promotions or surveysOffering new products and servicesImproving the effectiveness of our websites, our marketing endeavors and our services and offersConducting auditing, research and analysis to improve Relyco’s products and websites.Sending automated marketing communicationsPerforming other business activities as needed
Cookies
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, the Site may use “cookies” and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our Site are the most popular, where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there. We may also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services. We may use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our Site, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we may use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us.
If, however, you prefer not to enable cookies, please consult your web browser instructions for the necessary steps how you can disable cookies. Please note that certain features of the Site will not be available once cookies are disabled.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data. In addition, we may use pixel tags — tiny graphic images — to tell us what parts of our Site customers have visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our Site.
Other technologies
In addition to cookies, Relyco may also use other technologies to track which pages our visitors view through our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform. This data provides our customers with a better shopping experience and helps Relyco understand how visitors use our Site.
Our CRM also tracks whether emails have been opened and read to ensure that we’re sending only messages that are of interest to our customers. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a customer.
In some of our email messages, we may use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Site. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphics in the email.
Publicly displayed information is public
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on a Relyco website you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Relyco is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. For example, if you choose to make information, which was previously non-public, available by enabling certain user features, Relyco will collect that information from your interaction and the information will become publicly available.
When we disclose your information
Relyco takes your privacy very seriously. Relyco does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.
Within Relyco Group
To help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with our affiliates who will take steps to safeguard it in accordance with Relyco’s privacy policy.
With our service providers, vendors and strategic partners
Relyco may share your personal information with certain third parties such as our agents, service providers and other representatives acting on our behalf for limited purposes. For example, we may share personal information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as:
Sending Relyco marketing communicationsProviding servicesConducting research, analysis or administering surveysSending regular mail and email on behalf of Relyco
The third parties with whom we conduct business are authorized to use your information only to perform the service for which they are hired. They are required to abide by the terms of our Privacy Policy including taking reasonable measures to ensure your personal information is secure.
We may also share aggregated data with third parties for analysis and research purposes. This data does not contain name, address or other personal data.
From time to time, we may be required to share personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may share certain personal information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of others and ourselves. We may also transfer personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
How we protect your personal information
Relyco takes precautions — including administrative, technical and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Relyco cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by email, and you do so at your own risk.
You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers and make sure you use a secure web browser.
Integrity of your personal information
Relyco has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete and up-to-date for the purposes for which it is used.
How to gain access to your data or request deletion
We store data collected through forms, surveys, website cookies and email behavior in our CRM indefinitely. If you would like to review your data or request erasure at any time, contact us at info@relyco.com. We will get in touch to provide you with all of your collected data and the option to delete it.
Children
Relyco recognizes that parents, guardians, or other adults may purchase our products for family use, including use by minors. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 for marketing purposes, but because some information is collected electronically, it can appear to be the personal information of Relyco purchaser of the product, and will be treated as such by this privacy policy. If a child under 13 submits personal information to Relyco and we learn that that personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will delete the information as soon as possible.
Third Party Sites
This Privacy Policy may not apply to websites that are accessible through the Site. Our Site contains links to other sites operated by third parties, including but not limited to third-party sites that display Relyco trademarks. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect, use, share and secure your information.
Privacy Policy Changes
As Relyco continues to improve the services, products and the features we provide, this policy is subject to change. If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here or in other formats for you to review. If we change our information practices or this Privacy Policy in such a way that your personal information may be used or shared in a manner not described in the Privacy Policy at the time you provided it, we will give you the opportunity to opt-out of having your information used or shared in that new manner.
Privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns about Relyco’s Privacy Policy or data processing, please send an email to info@relyco.com to contact us.
Last updated May 2018
Due to the pandemic, carriers are overwhelmed with packages this holiday season. This could mean unavoidable shipping delays. We encourage customers to shop with us as early as possible and to keep the potential for delays in mind, especially for time-sensitive orders. We appreciate your patience and cooperation!