http://www.frizital.com/privacy-eng/
The privacy policy of this website
Why this policy
This page describes how the website is managed with respect to the processing of personal data of users who visit it.
This policy is provided also pursuant to art.13 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 (Code regarding the protection of personal data) and art. 13 of Regulation EU 679/2016 to those who interact with the website’s services, accessible electronically from the address:
www.frizital.com
This privacy policy is provided only for this website and not for other websites that may be viewed by the user by clicking on links.
The policy is based on Recommendation no. 2/2001 that the European authorities for the protection of personal data, gathered in the Group established by art.29 of directive no. 95/46/EC, adopted on May 17, 2001 to identify certain minimum requirements for the collection of personal data online, and, in particular, the methods, timing, and nature of the information that the data controllers must provide to the users when they connect to web pages.
It is also guided by the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as updated by Directive 2009/136/EC, concerning cookies, and the provision of the Personal Data Protection Authority for the protection of personal data no. 229 of May 8, 2014 on the identification of simplified procedures for providing information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies.
Whose site is this
The Data Controller subject of this policy is Carpigiani Group – Ali Group s.r.l., with registered offices at Via Emilia, 45, 40011, Anzola dell’Emilia (BO), privacy@carpigianigroup.com.
Types of data processed
Navigation data
The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this website do not acquire personal data during their normal operation.
Cookies
Cookies are small text strings stored on your computer when you visit certain pages on the Internet. They are used to count the number of accesses and to trace, in aggregate form, access to the various pages; to recognize users’ choice of language when accessing the site; recall the reports used during the previous session; and allow the correct tracking of transactions from affiliated sites.
Use of cookies
This website does not use cookies to convey information of a personal nature, nor are any so-called persistent cookies of any kind used, i.e., systems for tracking users.
The use of so-called session cookies (which are not stored permanently on the user’s computer and disappear when the browser is closed) is strictly limited to the transmission of session identifiers (consisting of random numbers generated by the server) necessary to allow safe browsing and efficient use of the website.
This website does not use profiling cookies (for more information on profiling cookies: http://www.garanteprivacy.it/cookie).
The so-called session cookies used on this site avoid the implementation of other technologies that could compromise the privacy of users’ browsing, and do not allow the acquisition of personal identification data.
Third-party cookies
The website uses cookies strictly necessary for browsing the pages of third parties related to the presence of “social plugins” (for example, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn). The presence of these plugins involves the transmission of cookies to and from all sites managed by third parties. The management of information collected by third parties is governed by their respective privacy policies.
Duration of cookies
Session cookies remain active only until the browser is closed, or when the logout command is executed.
Cookie management
Users can decide whether or not to accept cookies using the settings of their browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can also choose not to accept them. We recommend that you do not disable this function, as this may prevent you from moving freely from page to page and from enjoying all the services of the website.
Below are the links to the pages that provide information on the management of cookies for the most popular browsers:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Opera
Safari
To disable cookies and prevent Google Analytics from collecting navigation data, you can download the browser add-in for deactivating Google Analytics by clicking on the following link:
Analytics
Copyright
The documentation, images, trademarks, and anything else published and reproduced on this site are the property of Carpigiani Group – Ali Group s.r.l.
No responsibility is taken either for the content of what is published on this site or for the use that third parties may make of it, and for any contamination deriving from access, interconnection, and the downloading of material from this website. Any information spontaneously disclosed by third parties to the website may be freely used by Carpigiani Group – Ali Group s.r.l.
ICETEAM
Frizital Contattaci per acquistare o vendere macchine per gelato a:
Frizital-Ali S.r.l.
Via Magli 1/b,
40011 Anzola Emilia
Bologna, Italy
Phone: +39 051 6505450
Fax: +39 051 6505451
Email: info@frizital.com
Macchine usate
mantecatori
pastorizzatori
effe c
soft
soft da banco