http://www.westsuburbanbank.com/privacy-policy.php
Log into Online Banking
Privacy Policy
How West Suburban Bank Protects your Privacy
Concern for customer confidentiality and privacy has been a hallmark of
banking for centuries. At West Suburban Bank, our employees treat the
information we have concerning your accounts in the same responsible,
confidential way that we want our own financial affairs treated.
This privacy policy explains:
How we protect your information when you visit the West Suburban Bank website.
West Suburban Bank's own Privacy Policy to safeguard information we have about you and your accounts with us.
Our digital and cookies privacy
WSB Kiosk Privacy
Our policy on access by children
How you can make sure credit reports about you are accurate and up to date.
How you can prevent confidential financial information about you from being used fraudulently by others.
Internet Privacy
Is my privacy protected if I visit West Suburban Bank's website (www.westsuburbanbank.com) on the Internet?
Yes. As a visitor to our website, you need not be concerned
about the privacy of your personal information. For each visitor to West
Suburban Bank's website, as an example, our web server automatically
recognizes the internet service provider, IP address, and any existing WSB cookies. Our website uses Google Analytics to help analysis visitor's use of our site. Click here for more information on Google Analytics.
Here's what we do with information volunteered by you as a consumer and
visitor to www.westsuburbanbank.com, such as survey information or
information requests:
E-Mail Address. If you supply us with your e-mail
address online, you will only receive the information that you requested
when you provided us your e-mail address.
Postal Mail Address. If you supply us with your postal address online you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Telephone Number. If you supply us with your
telephone number online, you may receive telephone contact from us with
information regarding inquiries you have placed online.
Job Application. Our online job application is provided by iCIMS.
West Suburban Bank Privacy Policy
We recognize the importance you place on your privacy and the
confidentiality of your financial information. We think it's important
for you - as a West Suburban Bank customer - to be informed of the
policies we have
in place to safeguard your privacy:
We do all that we can to make sure that information we have about
customers is accurate, and is accessible only by those employees
actively engaged in dealing with you or your accounts.
Other than the limited exceptions explained in this policy, it is
our practice not to share confidential customer information outside the
West Suburban Bank family of companies. You do not need to request this
confidentiality - it is our standard practice.
We educate our employees about their responsibility to protect your privacy.
You can view our Privacy Policy by clicking on this link. - requires free Adobe Acrobat Reader
Here are answers to common questions you may have:
Our Information About You Inside West Suburban Bank
At West Suburban Bank, how do you control information about my accounts?
We restrict access to your personal information to those
employees who need to know that information to provide products or
services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural
safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect your personal
information.
Why do you have information about me?
We collect only the information necessary to deliver quality products and services to our customers.
In some cases, laws governing financial institutions require us to
gather information. For example, federal regulations require that we
obtain a Social Security number or Tax Identification number for many
types of
accounts.
We use information about you only in accordance with the principles set out in this Privacy Policy.
What can I do if I discover that information West Suburban Bank has is inaccurate?
Every effort is made to ensure that our records of your
information are complete and correct. If you notice an error on your
statement or in any other communication from us, please contact us by
contacting your West Suburban Bank Branch, calling (630) 652-2000 or by email. We want to correct any inaccuracies right away.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of your children is essential. For that reason,
our website is not structured to attract children under the age of 13.
Parental consent is required for children under 13 to create an online banking profile.
Credit Report Information About You
Do you use information from consumer credit reports provided from outside the bank?
Yes. It's standard banking industry practice to obtain
information from reputable credit information reporting agencies. When
we do so, you are protected both by our own internal Privacy Policy and
by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, a federal law.
We will notify you if we decline any application made by you. With the notification, we will inform you if we
used a consumer credit report during the processing of your application.
We may also use credit reports for the purpose of prescreening prospects
for banking products and services. Federal law requires us to notify
you whenever such reports have been used to solicit your business. You
may
request that credit reporting agencies remove your name from lists
supplied to us for transactions you do not initiate.
Does West Suburban Bank provide credit information to these credit reporting agencies?
Consistent with the practice of financial institutions and
other businesses, we share certain information about our customers with
reputable credit reporting agencies, so creditors can verify the
existence and condition of customers' accounts.
What exactly is on these credit reports?
Your credit report includes personal and financial
information such as your payment history for credit cards, mortgages or
loans, and credit card account balances. If you don't make your payments
on time or miss a payment, your credit report will show that, even if
you catch up on your payments later. Late payments and other "negative"
information can remain on your credit report for up to 7 years;
bankruptcies,
for up to 10 years.
By law, an individual's credit report can be given to insurance
companies, banks and others when needed to transact business with you.
There are many uses for credit reports. For instance, those who make
loans such as
West Suburban Bank, may refer to the reports to verify the
credit-worthiness of borrowers.
To examine the status of your credit report:
Call, write or visit the website of each of the major credit bureaus or AnnualCreditReport.com to get a copy of your credit report.
If you spot a problem, promptly inform the credit bureau in writing.
The bureau must investigate the disputed entry and correct it if it is
erroneous. It's a good idea to let each of the major bureaus know if you
find a problem in one report.
Here is contact information on three of the larger national credit bureaus:
Equifax, Inc.
P.O. Box 740241
Atlanta, GA 30374-0241
(800) 997-2493
Trans Union Corporation
Consumer Disclosure Center
P.O. Box 1000
Chester, PA 19022
(800) 888-4213
Experian
P.O. Box 2104
Allen, TX 75013-2104
(888) 397-3742
If you think you have
been the victim of identity theft, then a call to any of the credit
bureaus will notify the other two bureaus. In addition to the
notification, the bureaus will send you a copy of your credit
report at no cost, post a security alert on your credit file and remove
your name from any preapproved offers for the next two years. The phone
numbers for contact in the case of identity theft are:
Equifax: (800) 525-6285
Experian: (888) 397-3742
Trans Union: (800) 680-7289
For more information about identify theft, visit the website of the Federal Trade Commission.
Use of Information About You Outside West Suburban Bank
Do you give information about customers to the government?
We only disclose customer information to the government when
we are required to do so by laws and regulations, or when we are served
with a subpoena or court order.
What happens if I'm involved in a lawsuit and bank records are subpoenaed?
If you are involved in a lawsuit, we will only disclose
information about you or your accounts to third-party litigants when we
are required to do so during a court proceeding.
Do you give information about me to anyone else outside West Suburban Bank's family of companies?
Our policy is not to share specific personal customer
information with independent companies for any purpose not connected
with financial products and services.
Specific customer information may be shared with vendors we hire to
provide operational support, such as computer processing. In addition,
we may share information with companies that participate with us in
supplying
high-quality financial products and services to customers. However, we
hold all such parties to the same or higher standards as we do ourselves
regarding the privacy of your information. As an added safeguard, we
also
require them to allow us to audit them for compliance in this regard.
What about websites that you link to?
Our website may contain links to other sites. Please be
aware that West Suburban Bank is not responsible for the privacy
practices of such other sites, and this Privacy Statement does
not apply to such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they
leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web
site that collects personally identifiable information. Our website is designed to warn you that you are leaving our site upon clicking on an external link.
Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy
What browsing information is collected?
When you visit our site, we gather information including page visits, time of your visit, your IP address, operating system, web browser software, and any cookies which were set during a previous visit to our site. The information is collected to improve your overall banking experience. We also use the information to track site usage and compile statistics. This helps us improve the site to be more useful and informative.
What is a "cookie"?
Cookies are small text files created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer. They provide a means for websites that you visit to keep track of online patterns and preferences, as well as to identify returned visitors. Cookies make the personalization of your web experience possible, so that you do not need to re-enter your information each time you visit a website. We do not store any sensitive information within your cookie. Also, our website does not read any information stored in cookies given to you from other websites.
Can I control when Cookies are used?
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. Browsers may also be set up to display a warning when a cookie is used. You may even disable your browser from accepting cookies. However if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site and some online products and services. For example, we will not be able to recognize your device and you will need to answer a challenge question each time you log on to Digital Banking.
What is an IP Address?
An IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the device that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site, along with the time of the visit and the pages(s) that were visited. Collecting IP Address is a standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites. We use IP Address for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels and to monitor login activity for Online Banking. IP Addresses can and will be used to identify a user when necessary for security purposes.
What is online behavioral advertising?
Some of the ads you receive on Web pages are customized based on predictions about your interests generated from your visits over time and across different Web sites. This type of ad customization, sometimes called online behavioral, is enabled through your browser and browser cookies. Such online advertising helps support the free content, products and services your get online.
Online Advertising is tailored to your likely interest by companies promoting their products or services. Behavioral Advertising helps West Suburban Bank show relevant ads matching ads with broad interest categories or groups. Third party vendors can show your ads on sites across the internet. Third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visit to our website.
You can use the browser settings on your personal computer or device to turn off ads based on your interest.
What is Google
Analytics?
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the Untied States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics collects on the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the site, rather than your name or other identifiable information. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of date about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information on Google Analytic, visit https://www.google.com/analytics/#?modal_active=none
WSB Kiosk Privacy
By design, the WSB Kiosk has limited functionality and is designed to be used only by selecting the icons on the homepage. This is designed to protect our customers and ensure all users have a consistent experience. WSB is not responsible for any content, breach of personal information, or any
loss, damage or injury or for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, or consequential damage if the safeguards we put in place were, inadvertently or intentionally, circumvented in any manner by the user.
When you use the WSB Kiosk, we may collect personal information from or about you such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number(s), account numbers, birth date, tax identification number, and your user name and password. In addition, our third-party vendors, Deluxe (Re-order Checks) may collect and store the information you entered to process your requests. For verification and authentication purposes, we may share and/or confirm your information with our third-party vendors.
It is important to note that the WSB Kiosk is not intended for children under the age of 13. WSB does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 without parental consent.
Can I limit or prevent any personal information to be collected using the WSB Kiosk?
Yes, by simply not entering any of your personal information and only using the WSB kiosk for informational purposes i.e., checking today's rates, viewing online banking demos, etc. However, we may collect and track page usage data. This tracking information does not contain any personal identifiable information and is only used to help us understand WSB Kiosk usage.
Protecting Yourself From Fraud
How can I prevent financial information about me from being used fraudulently?
Here are some suggestions:
Never give your credit card or bank account number to any
unsolicited caller who is unknown to you and seeks to sell you something
or offers you a prize.
Check out unfamiliar companies by calling the Better Business Bureau (Chicago, 312-245-2599). You can also report suspicious telemarketing
calls to the
National Fraud Information Center Hotline at (800) 876-7060. The hotline
is run by a nonprofit organization concerned about telemarketing fraud.
Memorize your personal identification number (PIN) for ATM
transactions and other banking business. Keep it separate from your
card. Never use your Social Security number or PIN number as a password.
Do not put your address, phone number, or other personal information
that does not appear on the front of your credit card on a credit card
receipt.
Obtain a copy of your credit report from each of the three agencies listed above. This is free through AnnualCreditReport.com. You may want
to space your reports out over the year so you are able to see any issues that may arise quicker.
These principles are applicable to the banking business of West Suburban Bank and its affiliates.