https://www.triconleasing.com/privacy-policy/
800-604-7209
Home
Truck-Trailer & Bus Financing
Equipment Financing/Leasing
Bridge Short Term Loan
Commercial Loan
250K Easy Signature Loan
Sale Leaseback
Invoice Factoring & Purchase Order Financing
Vendor Financing
Testimonials
As an engineering firm for more than 25 years, we have a long history with TRICON. When we need financing or a loan for expansion, TRICON has always offered honest terms and very good rates. Great company. I would highly recommend.
H. Jacobs
(Engineering Firm)
We worked with TRICON as a direct lender for many years in various markets of oil, gas, co-generation and other commercial lending projects. Deals often would run into $10’s of million. Their expertise and professionalism is rare in today’s market. We highly recommend TRICON.
R. Graves (Energy Industry)
I called several companies and all required home ownership. I was at my wits end. Finally saw an ad and called TRICON. They were able to approve deal for $49,690 in just under 2 hours. Their truck program is unbelievable.
K. Davis(Truck Program)
As a 501C3 non-profit, we came to Tricon for help to understand how leasing and structured business loans work for charities and other non-profits.Through our association with TRICON we have in place a low cost discounting program which we can now refer our clients.
L. Cheek (Non-Profit Firm)
I am a start-up business who came to TRICON to lease a medical laser for skin and dermatology use. Though my credit was less than perfect, TRICON approved deal in 1 hour under their $100,000 app only program.
W. Polo(Medical Laser firm)
Tricon is the first choice for business financing & loans.
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy PolicyThe applicant(s) having supplied Tricon Leasing with information and or application, whether on-line through our website, or via email or be it by fax, such information is acknowledged to be for the purpose of a financing request. Such data or other documentation as may be requested by us extends to our partnering affiliation and or FUNDING banks for the sole purpose to determine the suitability of your transaction toward an approval or an assessment thereto. As the party(s) having submitted the transaction, you promise to hold harmless Tricon Leasing and any such entity working on its behalf from damages and or legal redress for any contested matter as relating to the submission. Any such dispute is agreed to be settled by Tricon Leasing, with its decision final and absolute.
Tricon Leasing Capital Corp.© 1991-2019
Career & Opportunities
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Comment On Service
Blog
Address : 3616 Kirkwood Highway, Suite-A #1106, Wilmington, DE 19808
Phone : 800-604-7209 | Fax : 800-498-8150 | Email: sales@triconleasing.com