https://www.afselection.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Current version of policy V2.1
Updated: 7th May 2016
As operators of the AF Selection Limited website (“We”, “Us”) AF Selection Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  This Privacy Policy (Policy) sets out the basis on which personal data collected from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations 2016, the Data Controller is AF Selection Limited (Company No. 2237290) of 12a Duke Street, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B72 1RJ.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA
AF Selection aims to provide excellent recruitment services to our clients and candidates.  We aim to create the best match between open vacancies and candidates seeking employment.  To do this AF Selection will need to retain data about you.
AF Selection holds and processes your data in pursuit of its legitimate interest in providing services to our candidates and clients.
Once AF Selection places a candidate with one of its clients, the data is held as part of the contractual and legal obligation that AF Selection has as a recruitment agency and recruitment business as defined in the Employment Agency and Employment Business Regulations 2003.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following information from you:
Information you that provide by filling in forms on www.afselection.co.uk.  This includes information provided when submitting your CV, applying to a particular role or requesting further information or services.
We may ask you for information if you report a problem with our website.
We may source information using third parties, which include, but are not limited to, the following:
Job boards and online CV libraries with which we have a contract (e.g. Totaljobs, Reed and Indeed)
Data aggregating providers (e.g. Broadbean)
LinkedIn and other professional networking sites
Information submitted by you (whether directly or via the third parties above) relating to your education, employment history, other work-related information and any other information provided to us on a CV in the context of using our services to secure a job will be stored.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for internal research purposes. The purpose of the research will always be clearly stated and will always be voluntary.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, and the resources that you access as detailed in our cookies policy
Your data will be stored within our recruitment system. This system is currently cloud based, but we ensure that all necessary data protection protocols are in place.
Your data will always be stored in the UK.
We do not store any sensitive personal data (as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 Article 9), unless it has been provided by you as a part of the application or screening process if required for a particular job. In this case, you will be advised that this data is being held.
Unfortunately, the transmission of any information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data whilst being transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We take appropriate measures to ensure that any personal data is kept secure and are kept for the duration of your use of our service.
We generally retain data on candidates for a period of three years from our most recent meaningful contact, unless you request otherwise.   This period is extended to six years, if we place you in a role, and six years is from the start date of your employment with our client.
If you apply for a role via our website or via a third-party website (e.g. Reed, Totaljobs etc.), we will hold your data for up to a month – during which time we will make reasonable endeavours to contact you.  If we make contact and mutually agree that we will retain your details for that role and/or any subsequent future roles, the three-year policy will apply as above.  If we do not manage to make contact, or if we mutually agree not to continue holding your data, we will delete it within a month.
If you exercise your right to erasure, we will retain all information we are legal obligated to do so (such as employment contract data), for the period that is set out by that legal obligation.  We may also keep your name and the bare minimum of contact details so that we do not contact you or re-enter your details inadvertently in the future.   Where technology allows, any data that we retain following an erasure request, will be anonymised.
When we register a new candidate on our database, we will send a copy of our data processing document entitled ‘AF Selection and your data’ which gives further details on data retention periods and policies.
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
Please see our cookies policy.
USES MADE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To notify you of relevant job opportunities as part of our jobseeker services detailed below.
Your data may be used to compile short-lists of relevant candidates for certain vacancies and will be shared within AF Selection. We do not make use of any automated decision-making process as to who is short-listed for a particular vacancy.
To provide your details (including your CV and other information provided to us) to Employers (our clients) where you have submitted such information in response to job vacancies displayed on the Website. This will never be done without your consent.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We will never share your personal data with third parties for marketing purposes.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
Where you have submitted such information in response to job Vacancies displayed on the Website, to the Employers to which the Vacancy relates once you have given us permission.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets; or
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Website Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or
To protect the rights, property, or safety of AF Selection, the Website, our users and any third party we interact with to provide the website.
Who provide necessary cloud-based systems (e.g. CRM) that we use to provide our services to you. Any such data is held subject to relevant privacy laws.
We will not sell your data to any third parties.
YOUR RIGHTS
Your rights are as per the General Data Protection Regulations 2016, namely:
right to be informed
right of access – you have the right to access the information we hold about you. This is called a subject access request and must be made to using the e-mail address set out below.
right of rectification – should you feel that we hold incorrect or incomplete information about you, please contact your AF Selection consultant to get any data rectified. Should you not have an AF Selection contact person, please use the contact details below.
right or erasure (right to be forgotten) – please see the section on data retention.
right of data portability
right to restrict processing – we will always respect a request by you to stop contact by any or all methods of communication or for any specific purpose.
right to object – we are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office and it is your right to lodge a complaint with them.
Correspondence should be directed to the contact details below.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes we make in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy notice. Your continued use of the services and the Website shall be deemed your acceptance of the varied Privacy Policy.
CONTACT
All questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to consult@afselection.co.uk
Quick Search
Job Type
Agency
In-house
Job Category
Client Services
Design and Creative
Digital
Marketing
PR and Communications
Studio and Production
Job Location
Berkshire
East Midlands
Home-Based
North West
South East
South Midlands
South Yorkshire
West Midlands
Salary
£15,000 - £20,000
£20,001 - £25,000
£25,001 - £30,000
£30,001 - £35,000
£35,001 - £40,000
£40,001 - £50,000
£50,001+
Search
Latest Jobs
Digital Content ExecutiveBirmingham
PR Account ManagerStaffordshire
Social Media ExecutiveStaffordshire
Featured Jobs
Digital Content ExecutiveBirmingham
Account Manager – 12 month contractGreater Manchester
Account DirectorSouth Manchester
Upload your CV
Name*Your email*
File*Accepted file types: doc, docx, jpg, jpeg, pdf, txt, png.