http://www.zvulony.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of UseYou are here: Home1 / Terms of Use
YOUR USE OF THE SITE CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREEMENT WITH THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEN DO NOT ACCESS ANY OTHER PAGES ON THE SITE.
Welcome and thank you for visiting www.Zvulony.com and www.Zvulony.ca (the”Site”). Zvulony & Company Professional Corporation (the “Law Firm”) provides the Site to you subject to the following terms and conditions. These terms and conditions were last updated December 02, 2020.
Not Legal Advice
The Site provides general information on legal and related matters and should not be relied upon as legal advice. If you require legal advice, you should retain qualified legal professionals to advise you in the context of your particular circumstances.
If you would like to retain the Law Firm to give you legal advice, you may use a consult a lawyer form or telephone us. We will be pleased to discuss whether or not we can assist you.
No Guarantee of Success
Certain biographies on this website describe results obtained in matters handled for clients of Zvulony & Co. These descriptions are intended only to provide information about the activities and experience of our lawyers and should not be understood as a guarantee or assurance of future success in any matter. The results portrayed were dependent on a variety of facts and circumstances unique to the particular matters described, and do not reflect the entire record of the individual lawyer(s) involved. Unless otherwise noted, each matter reported was at least relatively complex, the opposing party was represented by counsel, and, in litigation matters, liability and/or damages was contested. Past results are not a guarantee of the results in future matters, and the outcome of a particular case or matter cannot be predicated upon a lawyer’s or our law firm’s past results. We do not make any guarantee, promise or other assurance that the same or similar results can be obtained in any matter we may undertake, and you should not assume that a similar result or outcome can be obtained by our law firm in your legal matter. The outcome of a particular matter depends on a variety of factors – including, among other things, the specific facts and circumstances of the matter, the applicable law, the competence of opposing counsel and unanticipated events.
No Privilege or Confidentiality
There is no client-lawyer relationship between you and the Law Firm until the Law Firm is formally retained by you in writing and the Law Firm has agreed to act for you. Until the Law Firm specifically agrees to act for you on a matter, you should not provide us with any unsolicited confidential information or material. Unsolicited information and material will not be treated as confidential, will not be protected by any lawyer-client privilege, and may be disclosed to other persons. Unless you are an existing client or you are asked to by a lawyer of the firm, you should not send us any confidential or sensitive information.
No Warranty or Guarantee
The Site, its organization and design, and all information, images, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures and other materials on this website (together, “Content”) are provided “as is”. The Law Firm does not warrant or guarantee the quality, accuracy or completeness of the Content of the Site. The articles published on the Site are current as of their original date of publication, but should not be relied upon as accurate, timely or fit for any particular purpose.   The availability of Content on the Site does not suggest that the Law Firm or any of its lawyers is practicing law in any jurisdiction other than Ontario, Canada.
Limitation of Liability
The Law Firm, its associates, its partners, employees and representatives will not be liable to you or any other party for any damages of any kind including, without limitation, indirect, special, consequential or incidental damages, lost profits, business interruption or other damages arising directly or indirectly from your use of the Site or any Content on the Site.
Security
Due to the nature of the internet, any electronic communication, including e-mails, facsimile transmissions, and forms on our website, may not be secure. If you wish to communicate with any person in the Law Firm in a more secure environment then you may communicate with that person by attending our office. If you are a client of the Law Firm, your communications will be kept confidential upon receipt by the Law Firm.
Linking
The Site may contain links to third party web sites. Monitoring the vast information disseminated and accessible through those links is beyond the Law Firm’s resources and the Law Firm does not attempt to do so. Links are provided for convenience only and the Law Firm does not endorse the information contained in linked web sites nor guarantee its accuracy, timeliness or fitness for a particular purpose.
You may link to the Site provided that you not use the link to suggest that the Law Firm sponsors, endorses, approves of, or is affiliated with, you or your website.
Copyright
The Content of the Site is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. You may display on your computer, download and print a single copy of the Content for non-commercial, personal or educational purposes only, provided that the content is not modified and that each copy of such materials identifies the source URL of the webpage address. However, no part of any document on the Site may be reproduced or transmitted for any other purpose without the prior written permission of the Law Firm.  Permission requests may be submitted to Gil Zvulony.
Trade-marks
“Zvulony & Company Professional Corporation”, the Zvulony & Company Professional Corporation logo, and all other of the Law Firm’s trade-marks and trade names appearing on the Site are owned by the Law Firm. Unless otherwise indicated, all other trade-marks appearing on the Site are owned by third parties and are used by the Law Firm under licence. You may not use any of the Law Firm’s icons or logos on your website without the Law Firm’s express written consent.  Permission requests may be submitted to Gil Zvulony.
Our Privacy Policy
The Law Firm respects your personal privacy. You may use the Site without providing any personal information about yourself to the Law Firm. If the Law Firm asks you to provide the Law Firm with any personal information, the Law Firm will tell you the purposes for which it intends to use that information. The Law Firm will not collect, use, or disclose that information without your consent, and the Law Firm will not use or disclose that information for any other purposes without your consent. To view the Law Firm’s privacy policy, please visit: Our Privacy Policy.
When You Submit Information to Us Through the Site
You represent and warrant that any information that you provide to us by email, by using one of the Site’s forms, or by any other means of communication is true and accurate. If you provide the Law Firm with the personal information of another individual, you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to enable us to collect, use and disclose such personal information for the purposes set forth in our Privacy Policy.
You give us permission to share your webform submissions with any of the lawyers listed here even though some of these lawyers are independent and are outside of our law firm. Such sharing of information is for the sole purposes of finding a suitable lawyer to assist you with your legal issue.
Ontario Law Applies
The laws of the province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein shall govern use of the Site and the interpretation, validity and effect of these terms and conditions, including the Law Firm’s privacy policy, notwithstanding any conflict of laws, provisions or your domicile, residence or physical location. You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the province of Ontario in any action or proceeding related to the Site and agree not to commence any such action or proceeding except in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
General
The Law Firm may amend these terms and conditions at any time without notice. Accordingly, you should periodically re-visit these terms and conditions to review the then current terms and conditions governing your use of the Site. If any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that part is severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.
Zvulony & Company, P.C.
28 Finch Ave West
Suite 208
Toronto, ON
Canada, M2N 2G7
Telephone and Fax:
416.483.3500 or
1-888-691-8114
0
replies
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion? Feel free to contribute!
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Comment
Search
Home
About Zvulony & Co.
Consult a Lawyer
Contact Us
Lawyers in Toronto, Canada Zvulony & Co., P.C.
28 Finch Ave West
Suite 208
Toronto,
ON
Canada
M2N 2G7
416.483.3500 | 1.888.691.8114
Legal Disclaimer The presentation of information on this website is NOT individualized legal advice and should not be relied on as such.
Articles are intended to offer general comments on legal developments of concern to individuals, business and legal professionals and are not intended to provide legal opinions. Readers should seek legal advice on the particular issues that concern them.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
2002-2020 All Rights Reserved
Zvulony & Co. P.C., Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Scroll to top