http://www.witsifa.co.uk/privacy-policy
admin@witsIFA.co.uk
Toggle navigation
About
Pricing
Features
FAQ
Training
Testimonials
Recommend
Subscribe
Contact
Login
01642 205277
Built by IFAs Used by IFAs
Training Videos
Contact witsIFA
I understand that this form collects my email and phone so that I can be contacted by witsIFa. For more information please see our privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy – your rights, your information and how we use it
WitsIfa is committed to protecting your personal information.
Our Privacy Policy contains important information about what personal details we collect; what we do with that information; who we may share it with and why; and your choices and rights when it comes to the personal information you have given us.
We may need to make changes to our Privacy Policy; so please check our website for updates from time to time. If there are important changes such as changes to where your personal data will be processed; we will contact you to let you know.
This version of our Privacy Policy was last updated May 25th 2018.
Who we are
We are WITSIFA, which is registered as WITS UK Ltd.
This Privacy Policy applies to WITSIFA.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the information we collect or use about you, please contact;
FAO Data Protection Officer
WITSIFA
13 Queensway House
Queensway
Middlesbrough
Cleveland
TS3 8TF
Email: admin@witsifa.co.uk
Information we collect and use
Information about you that we collect and use includes:
Information about who you are e.g. your name, Company name and contact details
Information connected to your product or service with us.
Information about your contact with us e.g. meetings, phone calls, emails / letters
Information that is automatically collected e.g. via cookies when you visit one of our websites
Information if you visit one of our offices e.g. visual images collected via closed circuit television (CCTV)
This information will only be collected and used where it’s needed to provide the product or service you have requested or to comply with our legal obligations
Information you may provide us about other people within your organisation
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file – it’s saved onto your computer or other device when you visit our website.
Cookies store small pieces of information. For example – they will remember you’ve visited our website or performed a certain action.
We use cookies to help us improve your experience when you visit our website. For example, a cookie might store information so you don’t have to keep entering it.
Cookies also let us know which pages of our website you visited; they help us develop and market our products and services. They also help us track sales.
Persistent cookies – these stay valid, and will work until their expiry date (unless you delete them before they expire)
Session cookies – these expire when you close your web browser
Where we collect your information
We may collect your personal information directly from you, from a variety of sources, including:
phone conversations with us
emails or letters you send to us
meetings with one of our employees
registering for one of our events e.g.  webinars
participating in research surveys to help us understand you better and improve our products and services
our online services such as websites, social media and mobile device application (‘Apps’)
We may also collect personal information on you from places such as business directories and other commercially or publicly available sources e.g. to check or improve the information we hold (like your address) or to give better contact information if we are unable to contact you directly.
What we collect and use your information for
We take your privacy seriously and we will only ever collect and use information which is personal to you where it is necessary, fair and lawful to do so. We will collect and use your information only where:
you have given us your permission [consent] to send you information about products and services offered by WITSIFA
it’s necessary for us to meet our legal or regulatory obligations
where we need to process your information to better understand you and your needs so we can send you more relevant communications about the products you have with us and to develop new products and services; where we use artificial intelligence or computer algorithms to improve the products and services offered to you
If you do not wish us to collect and use your personal information in these ways, it may mean that we will be unable to provide you with our products or services.
We sometimes use systems to make automated decisions based on personal information we have – or are allowed to collect and use from others – about you. These automated decisions can affect the products, services or features we offer you now or in the future. We use automated decisions in the following ways:
Tailoring products and services e.g. placing you in groups with similar customers to make decisions about the products and services we may offer you to help meet your needs
When designing and enhancing our online services to help meet your requirements for ongoing guidance and support
Who we may share your information with
Companies we have chosen to support us in the delivery of the products and services we offer to you and other customers e.g. research, consultancy or technology companies; or companies who can help us in our contact with you, for example an internet service provider
Law enforcement, credit and identity check agencies for the prevention and detection of crime
We will never sell your details to someone else. Whenever we share your personal information, we will do so in line with our obligations to keep your information safe and secure.
Where your information is processed
The following is a breakdown of where we store and process data:
Data Type
Location
Information we have collected about you as person.
UK
Data Backups of information we have collected about you as a person.
UK
Aggregated statistical data about website visits (Page views etc, Anonymous data.)
Google analytics (Worldwide)
How we protect your information
We take information and system security very seriously and we strive to comply with our obligations at all times. Any personal information which is collected, recorded or used in any way, whether on paper, online or any other media, will have appropriate safeguards applied in line with our data protection obligations.
Your information is protected by controls designed to minimise loss or damage through accident, negligence or deliberate actions. Our employees also protect sensitive or confidential information when storing or transmitting information electronically and must undertake annual training on this.
Our security controls are aligned to industry standards and good practice; providing a control environment that effectively manages risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your information.
How long we keep your information
We will keep your personal information only where it is necessary to provide you with our products or services while you are a customer.
We may also keep your information after this period but only where required to meet our legal or regulatory obligations. The length of time we keep your information for these purposes will vary depending on the obligations we need to meet.
Your individual rights
You have several rights in relation to how WITSIFA uses your information. They are:
Right to be informed
You have a right to receive clear and easy to understand information on what personal information we have, why and who we share it with – we do this in our Privacy Policy and privacy notices.
Right of access
You have the right of access to your personal information. If you wish to receive a copy of the personal information we hold on you, you may make a data subject access request (DSAR).
Right to request that your personal information be rectified
If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you can request that it is corrected.
Right to request erasure
You can ask for your information to be deleted or removed if there is not a compelling reason for WITSIFA to continue to have it.
Right to restrict processing
You can ask that we block or suppress the processing of your personal information for certain reasons. This means that we are still permitted to keep your information – but only to ensure we don’t use it in the future for those reasons you have restricted.
Right to data portability
You can ask for a copy of your personal information for your own purposes to use across different services.  In certain circumstances, you may move, copy or transfer the personal information we hold to another company in a safe and secure way. For example, if you were moving your back office system to another provider.
Right to object
You can object to WITSIFA processing your personal information where: it’s based on our legitimate interests (including profiling); for direct marketing (including profiling); and if we were using it for scientific/historical research and statistics.
Rights related to automatic decision making including profiling
You have the right to ask WITSIFA to:
give you information about its processing of your personal information
request human intervention or challenge a decision where processing is done solely by automated processes
carry out regular checks to make sure that our automated decision making and profiling processes are working as they should.
When making request regarding your data how do we know who you are?
W.i.t.s. Uk Ltd accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested:
Two forms of ID, such as:
Government issue photo ID such as Passport, driving licence
Birth certificate
Utility bill (from last 3 months)
W.i.t.s. Uk Ltd may also ask you to prove current or former employment at the firm you are or were working for as we are unlikely to have your home address.
How to make a complaint
We will always strive to collect, use and safeguard your personal information in line with data protection laws. If you do not believe we have handled your information as set out in our Privacy Policy, please visit our Contact us page, complete contact details and we will do our utmost to make things right.
If you are still unhappy, you can complain to our Supervisory Authority. Their contact details are available at https://ico.org.uk/
See For Yourself
View Video
Make an enquiry
×
Share This Video
Close
Training
1. Logging into witsIFA
2. Setup
3. Clients
4. Reporting
5. Payments
6. Banks
7. Emailing
8. Documents Tab
Testimonials
Hallmark Financial Services Ltd
TB Asset Management
Future Financial Ltd
Blue-Print Mortgages
RIO IFA Limited
Booth Financial Planning
Galleon Wealth Management
Shore Financial Services
Say Hello
Email
Contact
13 Queensway House , Queensway Middlesbrough , Cleveland TS3 8TF
© witsIFA 2018 | Privacy Policy | Site by iTCHYROBOT
Company Number: 6814845
VAT Number: 947 4907 79