http://www.mechanizedenterprises.com/privacy.html
E-mail:info@mechanizedenterprises.comHome About Us Facilities ListCertification Contact Us
Aerospace AssembliesSpecial Machines Southern Cal CNC Machining Engineering California Jig / Fixture Southern Cal
Prototyping Southern Cal Tooling ISO 9001-2000 Certified AS9100 Compliant
Privacy Policy
Mechanized Enterprises, Inc., respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Mechanized Enterprises, Inc.'s website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Mechanized Enterprises, Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Mechanized Enterprises, Inc. website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Mechanized Enterprises, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Mechanized Enterprises, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Mechanized Enterprises, Inc. and is effective as of February 20, 2009. This statement does not create an agreement between Mechanized Enterprises, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Mechanized Enterprises, Inc. 1140 N. Kraemer Blvd. MAnaheim, CA 92806Toll Free: (800) 350-5512Phone: (714) 630-5512Fax: (714) 630-6857E-mail: info@mechanizedenterprises.comWebsite: www.mechanizedenterprises.com
Mechanized Enterprises, Inc., 1140 N. Kraemer Blvd. M, Anaheim, CA 92806 - P: (714) 630-5512 - F: (714) 630-6857 - Toll-Free: (800) 350-5512Website: www.mechanizedenterprises.com - E-mail: info@mechanizedenterprises.com - Privacy Policy - Site Map
Site created by ThomasNet Web Solutions