https://www.imagiam.com/cookies-policy/
Skip to content
Cookies Policy
Home/Cookies Policy
Cookies PolicyDavid García2019-03-03T11:18:49+00:00
Background
This website https://www.imagiam.com/ (“Our Site”) uses Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other users. By using Cookies, We are able to provide you with a better experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use it. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if you continue using Our Site or when you press the “Accept” button on Our Cookie Notice at the bottom of the page. If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
1.1. In this Cookie Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
1.1.1. “Cookie”: means a small file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site;
1.1.2. “Cookie Law”: means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”);
1.1.3. “Personal data”: means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data, as defined by EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and
1.1.4. “We/Us/Our”: means Imagiam High Image Techs SL.
2. Information About Us
2.1. Our Site is owned and operated by Imagiam High Image Techs SL, a limited company registered in the Barcelona Mercantile Registry, volume 32718, sheet 95, page B 214868, whose registered address is Riera de Tena 7, 4º-3ª, 08014 Barcelona, Spain, and whose main trading address is Llacuna 162, 08018 Barcelona, Spain.
2.2. Our VAT number is ES-B62244900.
3. How Does Our Site Use Cookies?
3.1. Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
3.2. By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third party Cookies are used on Our Site for integration of third party content. For more details, please refer to section 4 below.
3.3. All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
3.3.1. Strictly Necessary Cookies. A Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of Our Site, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, and payment transactions.
3.3.2. Analytics Cookies. It is important for Us to understand how you use Our Site, for example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this information, helping Us to improve Our Site and your experience of it.
3.3.3. Functionality Cookies. Functionality Cookies enable Us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
3.3.4. Targeting Cookies. It is important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Site, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have visited). As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests. Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
3.3.5. Third Party Cookies. Third party Cookies are not placed by Us; instead, they are placed by third parties that provide services to Us and/or to you. Third party Cookies may be used by advertising services to serve up tailored advertising to you on Our Site, or by third parties providing analytics services to Us (these Cookies will work in the same way as analytics Cookies described above).
3.3.6. Persistent Cookies. Any of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie. Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
3.3.7. Session Cookies. Any of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from the point at which you visit Our Site until you close your browser. Session Cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
3.4. Cookies on Our Site are not permanent and will expire as indicated in the table below.
3.5. For more details of the personal data that We collect and use, the measures we have in place to protect personal data, your legal rights, and our legal obligations, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
3.6. For more specific details of the Cookies that We use, please refer to the table below.
4. What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
4.1. The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Duration
Description
Strictly necessary
cookie_notice_accepted
1 month
Checking the acceptance of cookies
Yes
wordpress_logged_in_
2 weeks
Used to check whether the current visitor is a logged in Our Site user
Yes
wp-settings-{time}-
1 year
Used to customize your view of the site interface
No
comment_author_
comment_author_email_
comment_author_url_
1 year
For commenting
No
4.2. Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling Us to better understand how Our Site is used. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the products and services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
4.3. The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) analytics Cookies to gather the required information.
4.4. The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) the following analytics Cookies:
Name of Cookie
Duration
Description
Provider
_ga
2 years
Used to distinguish users
Google Analytics
_gid
24 hours
Used to distinguish users
Google Analytics
_gat
1 minute
Used to limit the percentage of requests
Google Analytics
AMP_TOKEN
30 seconds to 1 year
Includes a token that can be used to retrieve a client ID from the AMP client ID service
Google Analytics
_gac_
90 days
Includes user-related campaign information
Google Analytics
__utma
2 years from configuration or update
Used to distinguish users and sessions
Google Analytics
__utmt
10 minutes
Used to limit the percentage of requests
Google Analytics
__utmb
30 minutes from configuration or update
Used to determine new sessions or visits
Google Analytics
__utmc
End of browser session
Configured to interact with urchin.js
Google Analytics
__utmz
6 months from configuration or update
Stores the source of traffic or the campaign explaining how the user got to the site
Google Analytics
__utmv
2 years from configuration or update
Used to store custom visitor variable data
Google Analytics
4.5. Some features of Our Site make use of Third party applications and services to enhance the experience of visitors, for example, to view videos hosted on YouTube, make payments on PayPal, or view geographical locations on Google Maps. As a result, cookies may be set by these third parties, and used by them to track your online activity. We have no direct control over the information that is collected by these cookies.
5. Consent and Control
5.1. By using our site you are giving your consent to the placing of Cookies on your computer or device. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you.
5.2. In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
5.3. The links below provide instructions on how to control Cookies in all mainstream browsers:
5.3.1. Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
5.3.2. Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/278835
5.3.3. Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/products/microsoft-edge (Please note that there are no specific instructions at this time, but Microsoft support will be able to assist)
5.3.4. Safari (macOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
5.3.5. Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
5.3.6. Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-Cookies-website-preferences
5.3.7. Android: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en (Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers)
6. Web beacons and other tracking technologies
6.1. Our Site may also contain other tracking technologies such as Web Beacons. These are typically small transparent images that provide us with statistics, for similar purposes as cookies. They are often used in conjunction with cookies, though they are not stored on your computer in the same way. As a result, if you disable cookies, the web beacons may still load, but their functionality will be restricted.
7. Changes to this Cookie Policy
7.1. We may alter this Cookie Policy at any time. Any such changes will become binding on you on your first use of Our Site after the changes have been made. You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time.
7.2. In the event of any conflict between the current version of this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
8. Further Information
8.1. If you would like to know more about how We use Cookies, please contact Us by using any of the means provided on Our Contact page.
8.2. For more information about privacy, data protection and our terms and conditions, please visit the following:
8.2.1. Privacy Policy;
8.2.2. Terms of Use.
Legal Notices Terms of Use Terms of Sale Privacy Policy Cookies Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I agreePrivacy Policy