http://www.productinnovator.com/privacy-policy/
home
contact
sitemap
product innovation management
Skip to content
Home
Process
Services
Training
Clients
Resources
About Us
Entrepreneur Views
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and GDPR Compliance statement
Who are ‘Product Innovator Ltd’?
Product Innovator Ltd is a private provider of consultancy services and training courses for Product Management, Commercialisation, Entrepreneurship and Innovation.
Training and consultancy programmes can be customised to suit your organisation’s individual requirements.
We are based in Dublin 3, Ireland.
This statement relates to our privacy practices and GDPR compliance in connection with this website, https://www.productinnovator.com. We are not responsible for the content, privacy practices or GDPR compliance of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
Who is the Data Controller? Product Innovator Ltd Data Controller is Mary Ryan.
Phone: + 353 87 2352798 | E-mail us via our contact form. Personal Data is processed at our registered address or at other locations where we may be marketing / presenting / giving a course.
What personal data do we process? How do we process data?
We process the following data: Customer Name, telephone number(s), email and physical addresses as required. We process information relating to customer or potential customer queries along with all details required for an individual or corporate group to take / book one of our courses. We also process text submitted via forms on our website (which may or may not include names, e-mail addresses and telephone numbers) and IP addresses. We do not record telephone calls or conduct audio or video recording.
Our website (https://www.productinnovator.com) and email services are hosted by LetsHost. You can read more about LetsHost and GDPR compliance here: https://www.letshost.ie/gdpr-statement/
Product Innovator Ltd do not process credit card information on this website nor do we currently accept payments of any kind via the website. We may occasionally have courses featured on our website where places can be booked for a fee, but these transactions occur on the PayPal website via their secure online mechanism.
How do we store and protect data? Physical / paper-based data is stored at our registered address under lock and key. Electronic data is similarly stored at our registered address and devices storing this information are password protected. All data is accessible only by Product Innovator staff. We do not store client information on cloud servers.
Information provide via this website will be secured within HTTPS networks very shortly. At the time of writing (18th October 2018) we have requested SSL services / encryption to be installed for our website and this should be complete within a day or so. HTTPS is the protocol over which data is sent between your browser and Product Innovator Ltd website. The “S” at the end of HTTPS stands for secure and indicates that these communications are encrypted.
How long do we retain data for? Generally speaking we will store client information only as long as it is needed. In terms of your personal details, any services we provide are tied to these details – we need to be able to contact you to advise on costings for courses or other services, and we need to update you as to any changes in the work required.
All of the queries sent to us via our website arrive into our mailboxes which we then respond to – either by phone or email (usually by phone as it’s quicker). These emails are backed up as part of our website system purely so as to ensure a response in terms of any email failure – and they are periodically deleted at regular intervals after any particular job is completed or query answered.
Our stance on data retention is guided by the Irish Government’s Data Protection Commission and their GDPR & You website.
Why do we process personal data? We process data as part of the process of providing our services. This includes, but is not limited to answering any customer queries, pricing of courses and other day-to-day administration purposes that are within our legitimate interests.
Who do we share data with and why? Product Innovator Ltd does not share data with individuals, companies or organisations except under the following circumstances:
With your Consent – in very rare circumstances we may share personal information relating to you / your query with other professionals when we have your written permission to do so; this might be where you’ve requested a service we do not provide but can refer you onto a trusted third party company with which we are very familiar and can recommend.
For processing by third parties – including LetsHost (website and primary email host), Google Analytics and Google Adwords (for identifying which parts of our website are most popular and for placing adverts for our website on Google) and our Accountants.
For legal reasons – Product Innovator Ltd will share personal information with outside organisations when legally obliged to do so e.g. at the request of the Gardaí or Revenue Commissioners.
Consent: Prior to the provision of any services or quotations for work being undertaken we provide customers of <16s with a Consent Form which must be signed allowing us to save your details in order to best answer your quer(ies) or furnish you with information on our services pertinent to said queries. Our Consent Form does not contain pre-ticked boxes and does not assume Consent; Consent must be freely given. Once provided, Consent remains valid for the period of the work undertaken, although customers can withdraw their Consent by advising us in writing of their desire to do so.
What is GDPR? The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a piece of legislation prepared by the European Union that aims to give you more control over how your data is used and protected. The new legislation comes into effect on the 25th May 2018. GDPR affords you the following rights:
Right to be Informed: You have the right to be provided with “fair processing information”, which will be completely transparent about how we have gathered and will use your data. You have the right to be notified about any third party processors with whom we share your personal data, along with the reason for doing so.
Right of Access: You have the right to confirmation that your personal data are being processed and to access a copy of your personal data.
Right of Rectification: You have the right to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to Erasure: You have the right to have your personal data deleted from our systems in the following situations:
When you withdraw consent
Data deletion is to comply with a legal obligation
Where the data was unlawfully processed
Where it is no longer necessary
Where you object to the processing
We may have grounds to refuse such deletion requests for the following reasons:
Exercise the right of freedom of expression
To comply with legal obligations
The exercise or defence of legal claims
Archiving purposes in the public interest
Right to Restrict Processing: You have the right to request that we no longer process your data, but that we can still store it.
Right to Data Portability: You have the right to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes, without hindrance. We will provide the data to you in a structured and widely used machine readable form.
Right to Object: You have the right to object to any direct marketing from us. We will immediately cease any such marketing upon request (via an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the direct marketing e-mail). We do not automatically add any customers details to any direct marketing system or outlet. We may at the time of our choosing run an email marketing campaigns but these are only sent out to customers whom have requested to join the specific mailing list(s).
Rights in relation to Automated Decision Making and Profiling: We do not carry out any automated decision making or profiling activities, so this right does not apply in this circumstance.
To exercise these rights, please send an e-mail to mary [dot] ryan [at] productinnovators [dot] com. We may ask you to verify your identity as part of processing the requests to exercise your rights. We will endeavour to respond to all requests within 30 days of receiving the initial request. If we are unable to complete the request within the 30 day limit, we will notify you within the required time limit.
Use of cookies: This website uses temporary “session” cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. A cookie is a small piece of data that may be stored on your computer or mobile device. Further information on cookies can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm
Information on stopping unwanted cookies in Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari and Internet Explorer browsers is available via your browser’s help/settings menu. Cookies which may be collected include JSESSIONID, PHPSESSID, @@History/@@scroll|#, _ga, _gat, _gid, p.gif, collect, r/collect, crumb, ss_cid, ss_cvisit, ss_cvr, ss_cvt, TrackJS, trustedsite_session and usage.gif.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to personally identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server – this is the identifying details for your computer, or your internet company’s computer, expressed in “internet protocol” code (for example 192.16x.xx.xx). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
Google Analytics which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded). You can read more about Google Analytics’s Privacy Policy here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
the type of web browser and operating system used by the website visitor.
“Product Innovator Ltd” makes no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual, nor will we disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be used only by “Product Innovator Ltd” and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute “personal data” for the purposes of the GDPR.
Cross-border data transfer: Our use of LetsHost, Google Services (such as Adwords and Analytics etc), and MailChimp (for our marketing campaigns) means that certain personal data is stored on servers located outside of the EU. We understand that these companies are GDPR compliant and have subscribed to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield which is a regulatory implementation designed to guarantee that EU citizens are adequately protected under EU data protection laws as their data passes into and out of the United States. Read more about Privacy Shield here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
Complaints about how your data is processed: If you are concerned about how personal data is processed by Product Innovator Ltd, please contact us via this link: https://www.productinnovator.com/contact-us/ or by emailing mary [dot] ryan [at] productinnovators [dot] com
Third Party links: This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website to which this website contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by us. Additionally, we may provide you with access to third-party functionality that permits you to post content to your social media account(s). Please note that any information that you provide through use of this functionality is governed by the applicable third party’s Privacy Policy, and not by this Privacy Policy, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to such websites. We seek to protect the integrity of this site and welcome any feedback about linked sites, including if a specific link does not work.
Updates or Questions: This Privacy Policy is reviewed regularly and amendments will be posted on this page. Last updated 19/10/2018.
Elearning
International customers if you are interested in our elearning product register your interest
contact us today
Training Course Schedule: Course
Date
Dublin PMgmt
TBA
Dublin PMgmt
TBA
Dublin PMgmt
TBA
Customer Testimonials Mentec
I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to understand and implement key product management processes in their company. David Knapp
Consulting Services The Product Innovator team provides consultancy and mentoring services to help you hit the ground running with your new product.
Partners / Awards:
Software
Skillnet
/
ILM Endorsed
Award
Provider
e: info@productinnovator.com
p: + 353 87 2352798
Privacy Policy     Terms & Conditions© Product Innovator Ltd 2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
We have updated both our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy in order to comply with the 2018 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can review our policies via the links at the bottom of every page on this website.
By continuing to use this website without changing your cookie settings, you thereby agree to our storing and accessing data within cookies (and other tracking technologies) to improve your online experience and to analyse the use of this website.
I Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy