https://www.crestmark.com/privacy/
Home / Privacy
Protecting Your Privacy
Crestmark is committed to providing our customers with the highest quality products and services while protecting your personal information.
Serving your financial needs requires us to collect, maintain and use certain personal and financial information about you and your account history. Protecting this private information remains our highest priority. Crestmark’s Privacy Statement outlines our procedures and our pledge to constantly protect the information you have entrusted to us. Our California Privacy Statement specifically addresses those privacy requirements outlined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) that are exclusive to California Residents.  Also defined in the CCPA is California Residents’ right to know the categories of personal information collected and how they will be used; for a detailed outline of collection please see our Notice at Collection Statement.
Please read these carefully to understand our policies.
These policies apply to both current and former customers of Crestmark and its subsidiaries, and is designed to comply with the provisions of Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, as well as applicable federal privacy regulations.
Security Practices to Protect Your Information
Your information is used strictly for business purposes. Crestmark employees are trained to respect your privacy concerns and to safeguard your personal information. In addition access to personal information is provided only to those employees who need to know the information or in order to serve you better. Furthermore, Crestmark continuously modifies its physical and electronic safeguards to ensure compliance with all state and federal regulations and to protect your personal information.
Maintaining Accurate Customer Information
We have established policies and procedures to ensure that your Customer Information is accurate, current and complete. We will work to correct inaccurate Customer Information in a timely manner. If you have any reason to believe that your Customer Information is incorrect, please contact your account representative at the toll free number listed on your account statement. We will promptly investigate the situation, and when appropriate, update our records accordingly.
Customer Identification Program
In accordance with the USA Patriot Act, Federal law requires all financial institution to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each individual or entity opening an account. This includes loan and deposit accounts for all personal and commercial accounts.
When you open an account, you will be asked for your name, address, Social Security or tax identification number, date of birth, and other information that will allow Crestmark to identify you. You will also be asked to furnish your driver’s license or other identifying documents. We are required to follow this procedure each time an account is opened, even if you are a current customer of Crestmark.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about these privacy policies, please see the statements linked above for specific contact information. If you have questions regarding the practices of this site, or your dealings within this web site, you may contact:
Crestmark
5480 Corporate Drive, Ste. 350
Troy, Michigan 48098
webinquiry@crestmark.com
“Working with Crestmark helped us expand our fleet and grow as a company.”
– Jeb, President, transportation company
© 2020 Crestmark , a division of MetaBank®, N.A. All rights reserved.
Community Reinvestment Notice
Member FDIC
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site, you agree that we may use cookies as discussed in our Privacy Policy
Close
CLOSE