http://www.holywellpress.com/privacy-cookies
Search
Search
Register
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Privacy Policy & Cookies
The Holywell Press is fully committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of visitors to our website and subscribers to our mailing list. Below you will find information on how we treat the data we collect from visitors to our website, or when someone subscribes to our mailing list.
Visitors to our Website
When someone visits holywellpress.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Cookies Policy
Holywell Press uses cookies on holywellpress.com. By using the website, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the website, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the websites to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
How Holywell Press uses cookies
When you use and access our website, a number of cookies files are placed in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the website and to provide analytics.
Third-party cookies
Holywell Press use Google Analytics software to monitor the number of people visiting our website; a cookie is used to collect this information. Google Analytics only collects anonymous aggregate data, i.e. we cannot tell who you are or link data back to a specific username, and everyone’s data is shown as a whole, not individually. We use this only for statistical purposes to tell us information like how many visitors are new to the site or have visited before and which pages are the most popular.
What are your choices regarding cookies?
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can your find more information about cookies?
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Mailing List Subscription
As part of the process of signing up to our email mailing list, we collect the personal information you supply us. We use this information for the following reasons: to tell you about things you have asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are correct and to check every now and then that you are happy with the information we have provided. We do not rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our mailing list emails. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-mails. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection controller: info@holywellpress.com.
Links to Other Websites
This privacy notice does not cover links within this site linking to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you should check that site’s privacy statement.
Your Rights and Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to ask what information we hold on you and to access your personal information we hold. Email your request to our data protection controller: info@holywellpress.com.
Disclosing your information
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so. This includes exchanging information with government departments for legal reasons. We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 30th April 2018.