http://www.surveystar.com/privacy.htm
DataStar, Inc.
Privacy Policy
DataStar respects your right to privacy.
We take every measure to ensure that no Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is collected by us unless it is voluntarily and knowingly provided.
We are engaged by our clients to conduct research surveys. The purpose of surveys we conduct is not to sell or promote anything. Survey research is a legitimate and scientific process of acquiring data and opinions from the public. Researchers seek to determine the public’s opinion regarding products, issues, candidates, and other topics. Such information is used to develop new products, improve services, influence policy, and is used by health care providers, the government, airlines, private businesses and others.
Some of our surveys are conducted among employees, associates, or other stakeholders of organizations to acquire data and opinions about the companies or organizations for which they work or interact. In some cases, Personally Identifiable Information may be provided to us by these organizations, in accordance with organizational policies for use only for the purposes stated.
In obtaining your cooperation, we pledge not to mislead you about the nature of the research or the use which will be made of the findings. As with all forms of marketing and opinion research, your cooperation is voluntary at all times. No personal information is sought from or about you without your prior knowledge and agreement. You are entitled at any stage of the survey process to ask that part or all of the record of your responses be destroyed or deleted. Wherever reasonable and practical, we will carry out such a request.
As researchers, we are respectful of participants' right to privacy or non-participation. Data that is collected is held strictly confidential and is used for statistical purposes. The answers you give us will be treated as confidential unless you have given your consent to the contrary. In the relatively few instances where we ask you for permission to pass data on in a form which allows you to be personally identified, we will ensure that the information will be used only for the purposes stated. We will not send you unsolicited mail or pass on your email addresses to others for this purpose. If we want to send you future email, we will ask your explicit permission for this.
We do not routinely use cookies and other similar devices.
When required, we use them sparingly and only for quality control, validation and to prevent bothersome repeat surveying. You can configure your browser to notify you when cookies are being placed on your computer. You can also delete cookies by adjusting your browser settings.
Along with any information you provide us, we automatically capture information about your browser type, the date and time of your submission, and the IP address from which your computer accessed our site. This information is used only for statistical or validation purposes and is not shared with any outside organization other than the sponsoring organization. We do no other invisible processing of data from your computer.
Our website and internal systems have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us. They have access only for data analysis and quality control purposes.
Additionally, when acting as a Business Associate under HIPAA, DataStar is committed to implement and maintain commercially appropriate security safeguards to ensure that Personal Health Information (PHI) obtained by or on behalf of our clients is not used or disclosed by us in violation of client requirements.
DataStar may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may use email as a communication method to invite participants to complete our research surveys, however we make every effort to avoid the use of unsolicited email as a vehicle to recruit participants. As part of these efforts, we:
Discourage the use of third-party lists of questionable or unverified origin for survey recruitment purposes.
Provide a means for potential survey respondents to permanently "opt-out" of any emailings we undertake.
Do not send unsolicited messages online to those who have indicated to us that they do not wish to receive such messages related to a research project, or any follow-up research resulting directly from it.
Never collect email addresses under the guise of some other activity or by some means that does not allow the respondent to be aware of this.
In all of our reasearch policies and practices, we strive to maintain familiarity with and follow guidelines suggested by survey research industry organizations including MRA, CASRO, CMOR and ESOMAR.
Special Notice for International Users:
In additional to all content on this page regarding data privacy, DataStar participates in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework and is committed to its principles regarding all personal data received from the EU in reliance on the Privacy Shield. Information about the DataStar's participation in the Privacy Shield Framework can be found at: www.privacyshield.gov/list.
DataStar commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC), and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
DataStar does not disclose personal information to third parties, other than rare instances in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
DataStar maintains responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
Individuals have the right to request and access their personal data, or to request limiting the use and disclosure of their personal data.
To make such a request, individuals may email info@surveystar.com
Individuals may also, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration. DataStar has designated JAMS as its independent dispute resolution body designated to address complaints and provide appropriate recourse free of charge to the individual, which under certain conditions, may invoke binding arbitration. To open an EU-US or Swiss-US Privacy Shield case, consumers may go to: www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, DataStar commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact DataStar at:
via email at webmaster@surveystar.com
via telephone at +1 781-647-7900
via postal mail to DataStar, Inc., 85 River Street, Waltham, MA 02453, United States
DataStar has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
DataStar is also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
You can contact us via email at webmaster@surveystar.com, via telephone at 781-647-7900, or via postal mail to DataStar, Inc., 85 River Street, Waltham, MA 02453 to discuss any questions you may have or report issues with a survey.
You can learn more about us at www.surveystar.com