http://www.deckerhomes.com/privacy-policy.html
419.392.3849 l 419.467.2035
Home
SAMARIA MEADOW
For Sale
Floor Plans
Ranch Designs
1.5 & 2-Story Designs
About us
Building Practices
Photos
GEO/SOLAR HOMES
Contacts
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you submit an inquiry or comment through our online forms. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or email address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).- To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you). - To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service request and support needs).- To send periodic emails. The email address you provide to us at any time may be used to send you news, updates, related product or service information, etc.- To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site features. How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.Do we use cookies?No, we do not use cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third Party LinksOccasionally, at our descretion, we may include or offer third party products and/or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independant privacy policies. We therefore have responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post changes on this page. This policy was last modified on January 10, 2012.Contacting usIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us by using the information below.Decker Homes, Inc.2666 West Sterns RoadPO Box 467Lambertville, MI 48144Ph: 734.856.2663Fax: 734.856.5267http://www.deckerhomes.comE-mail: sales@deckerhomes.com
OUR SERVICES
Energy Efficiency PioneerPhoto Gallery
Homeowners
Submit your warranty checklist
COMPANY
About usFloor PlansBuilding PhilosophyTestimonialsContact us
FOLLOW US
FacebookTwitterYouTube
SITE INFO
Privacy Policy
© DECKER HOMES, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.