http://www.hbcs.org/terms-of-use
TERMS OF USE
You are visiting the terms of use (“Terms”) for the corporate website (“Website”) operated by Hospital Billing & Collection Service, Ltd.. (“HBCS” “we” or “us” ). HBCS provides billing and follow-through services to healthcare organizations exclusively. By accessing this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these Terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this Website. The materials contained in this Website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
USE LICENSE
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on HBCS’s Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
Modify or copy the materials
Use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial)
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials
Transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by HBCS at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
DISCLAIMER
The materials on HBCS’s website are provided “as is.” HBCS makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, HBCS does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet Website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
LIMITATIONS
In no event shall HBCS or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on HBCS’s Internet site, even if HBCS or a HBCS authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
REVISIONS AND ERRATA
The materials appearing on HBCS’s Website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. HBCS does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. HBCS may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. HBCS does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
LINKS
HBCS has not reviewed all the sites linked to its Internet Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by HBCS of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
PRIVACY POLICY
These Terms incorporate the HBCS privacy policy located at https://HBCSrevcycle.com/. By visiting the Website, you are also subject to the privacy policy. If you don’t agree to the privacy policy, you may not use the Website.
SITE TERMS OF USE MODIFICATIONS
HBCS may revise these Terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms.
GOVERNING LAW
Any claim relating to HBCS’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
FollowFollow
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
118 Lukens Drive
New Castle, DE 19720
HBCSrevcycle.com
info@HBCSrevcycle.com
(877) 254-9580
REGIONAL OFFICES
551 Mews Drive, Suite D
New Castle, DE 19720
701 Edgewater Drive
Wakefield, MA 01880
Solutions
Insights
About Us
Let’s Talk
Careers
Privacy
Terms of Use
©2020 HBCS  |  All Rights Reserved
×
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. ACCEPTREJECTRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.