https://www.groupe-bel.com/en/policy-privacy/
Le Groupe Bel > PRIVACY POLICY
1. THE BEL GROUP'S COMMITMENT TO PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATAIn order to best meet your expectations and build a close relationship with you, the Group collects personal data about you by various means, and in the context of your browsing on the www.groupe-bel.com website. You must be assured of the confidentiality of the information you exchange with us and our brands. Our Group undertakes to you not to breach your privacy and to ensure that the collection and storage of your personal data is transparent and secure.
2. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA: THE PRINCIPLESBEL SA makes sure that the fundamental principles of data protection are respected for each processing operation:
Legitimacy: data will only be collected for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes. The processing will not involve sensitive data (racial or ethnic origins, political, philosophical or religious opinions, trade union membership, health, sexual life, offences, convictions or security measures).
Relevance and Accuracy: we ensure that the data collected are adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which they are collected, and that they are accurate, complete and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Transparency: at the time of collection of your personal data, you will be informed of any information relating to the collection and processing of data concerning you, including the purpose of the collection.
Limitation of retention: personal data will be kept for a period not exceeding the time necessary for the purposes for which it is collected and processed.
Consent: your consent will be required prior to any collection of personal data for purposes that will be specified to you at the time of collection.
Access, rectification, opposition: at any time, you have the possibility to access, request rectification or deletion of your personal data. You may also object to the use of your personal data. To exercise these rights, please refer to article 12 of the Policy.
Confidentiality & Security: the BEL Group undertakes to process your personal data in such a way as to guarantee the confidentiality and security of your personal data by implementing appropriate technical and organisational measures.
3. SCOPEThis Privacy Policy covers processing operations carried out in the context of:
• management of the website www.groupe-bel.com
• management of applications sent from the online forms on the website www.groupe-bel.com.
• recruitment of Bel Group employees
• Bel Group’s suppliers management
For all of these Processing operations, BEL SA is the entity that determines the means and the purposes and thus acts as Data Controller within the meaning of the applicable regulations on personal data and in particular EU Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of individuals with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such Data (hereinafter “GDPR”).
You can find all the information relating to BEL SA on our Legals page.
4. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTEDDepending on the type of our relationship with you, we may request information about you and/or your family members, such as:
• identification data (title, surname, first name, date of birth…);
• contact details (telephone number, postal address, e-mail address…);
• information provided by you in the context of a contact request and, if applicable, the content of the message, as well as any information communicated subsequently during our exchanges, such as your consumption habits;
• professional contact data provided to BEL SA such as the contact indicated as the main contact for the contract (execution and signature), the contact for invoicing and any other contact person: surname, first name, professional e-mail address, professional telephone number, function, and all information contained in our exchanges;
• elements relating to your professional and educational background (curriculum vitae, level of education, skills…) and all information communicated by you in the context of a job application (spoken language, hobbies, salary expectations…);
• connection and navigation data (IP address, cookies, etc.).
5. TIME OF COLLECTIONDepending on the purposes for which your “personal data” will be processed, the collection may take place at various times including:
• during your requests for contact with the communication service or the consumer service;
• when you browse the BEL Group websites;
• when you register on the Supplier Portal (Sourcing@Bel);
• during your spontaneous application or in response to a job offer published by the BEL Group.
6. PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASIS OF PROCESSINGBEL SA collects and processes your data for the purposes of:
responding to all your requests made to the communication department or the consumer service, on the basis of your consent which you express by submitting your contact request;
improving our products, in particular through a better perception of your wishes and needs, on the basis of our legitimate interest in responding to market demand;
to secure and improve your use of the BEL Group websites (navigation, data security…) on the basis of our legitimate interests and/or your consent if applicable;
to establish the elements necessary for the conclusion of commercial transactions, such as the definition of the price and other contractual conditions concerning the exchange of goods and/or services, on the basis of the execution of the contract with our suppliers;
studying your application, whether spontaneous or in response to a job offer published by the Bel Group, on the basis of our legitimate interest and/or your consent if applicable.
7. RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATAAs part of the management of our relationship and in particular to enable us to respond appropriately to requests made on our website www.groupe-bel.com, for applications or registration on the Supplier Portal, we will be required to transmit your “personal data”:
Internally, to the authorised staff of the departments responsible for accessing and processing the data concerned, in particular:
IT Department
Consumer Services
Marketing Department
Human Resources Department
Industrial Service
Purchasing Department
Legal Department
Externally, your data may be transferred:
to technical service providers chosen for their expertise and reliability who act on our behalf and according to our instructions (IT subcontractor, host of our servers, etc.) ;
to local authorities in the context of a legal obligation or at the request of an administrative authority authorised to make this type of request.
We never share your personal data with other companies for marketing purposes without your consent.
8. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER In the context of service contracts concluded by BEL SA, the recipients of your personal data may be located abroad, including outside the European Economic Area (EEA) in countries where the data protection legislation differs from that applicable within the EEA.
Any transfer of data outside the EEA is subject to appropriate contractual and other safeguards in accordance with applicable data protection regulations.
9. SECURITYThe Bel Group is committed to protecting your personal data against any loss, destruction, alteration, access or unauthorized disclosure.
To this end, the Bel group implements the appropriate technical and organizational measures, given the nature of the data and the risks involved in processing it, to preserve the security and confidentiality of your personal data.
These measures may notably include practices such as limited access to personal data by Bel group employees, contractual guarantees in the event of recourse to an external service provider, the performance of privacy impact studies, regular reviews of practices and procedures on Bel group information systems, physical and/or logical security measures (secure access, authentication process, backup copies, antivirus software, firewalls, etc.).
10. COOKIESWhat is a cookie?
Cookies are data placed on your computers or mobile devices. They can be distinguished by their unique identifiers, associated with your computers or telephones. They allow you to not have a poor consumer experience on your favourite websites, since they recall your actions and preferences. Therefore, you do not need to enter your navigation preferences each time you use the site, such as the location, the font or the language. These “cookies” are stored in RAM in your computer. They do not allow us to identify you; however, they record information relating to the navigation of your computer on the Website (the pages you have visited, the date and time of the visit, etc.) that we can read during your subsequent visits.
The purpose of the data collected thanks to “cookies” is to identify you when you want to connect to your personal space and store your connection to the Website.
How do we use them and what do we use them for?
Here is a table summarising the various types of cookies that we are able to use for the website: www.groupe-bel.com. For fluid use of the website, to be able to view suitable content firstly and to benefit from a better display of the website, we invite you to understand how are these cookies are used and aimed at providing you with a better quality service.
Mandatory cookies for operation of the website
Functional cookies
Customization cookies
These are necessary for the proper operation of the platform. They are designed to meet the needs of key services such as secure connection and defining privacy preferences. You can allow or block these cookies directly in your browser but in the latter case you may not be able to use the platform in its entirety.
[List of cookies]
These cookies allow us to assess the website traffic and develop resources to improve performance. They retrace your movements on our website and inform us of the content that you are most interested in. Thanks to them, we can offer you more relevant content and track the changes to our platform. Finally, they also recall log-in information, thereby avoiding you having to log in again, remember the content of your shopping cart and provide greater consistency of the structure of the platform.
These cookies allow us to offer you improved and personalized features. They can be deposited by our partners who offer additional services on our pages or by us. By not accepting these cookies, some or all of these services may not work properly.
We inform you that you can object to “cookies” being saved on your computer by configuring your browser as follows:
– If you browse the Internet using Internet Explorer (Microsoft): “Tools” tab, “Internet Options”, click on “Privacy”. Then in the “Advanced Privacy Settings”, click on “Override automatic cookie handling” and choose “Block all cookies” (internal and third party). Click on “OK”.
– Under Firefox: “Tools” tab and then “Options”. In the “Privacy” tab, check “Send websites a “Do Not Track” signal that you don’t want to be tracked”. Click on “OK”.
– Under Chrome, click in “Settings” and then “View Advanced settings”. In the “Privacy” part, click on “Content settings” and define the choice in the Cookies part. If you use versions of browsers other than those mentioned: please refer to the relevant help files or the user guide.
You can choose your cookie and tracking preferences on www.groupe-bel.com at any time by accessing the “Cookie Settings” section.
11. DATA RETENTIONIn accordance with data protection regulations, your personal data will be retained only for the period required for the purpose for which the data have been collected and processed.
Since the retention needs may vary according to the particular purpose, the personal data retention period may also vary. The criteria used to determine the retention period are, in particular, the following:
the existence of a legal obligation to retain the data for a certain period of time;
an administrative interest in retaining your personal data;
the existence of a contract between you and BEL SA;
the time limits of the applicable legal provisions.
By way of example, the following retention periods are applied by BEL SA:
when you make a request for contact with the communication department or the consumer service:
– your data are kept by the department concerned by your request for the time necessary to reply to you;
– depending on your request and the content of our exchanges, the data thus collected may be used for other purposes such as the management of a complaint about the quality of our products, in which case they will be kept for the time of the applicable prescription.
when you sign a contract with BEL SA:
– your personal data are kept for the duration of our contractual relationship;
– your personal data will be kept for five (5) years after the end of the contractual relationship for the purpose of fulfilling our legitimate interest to ensure the protection and defence of our rights in the event of litigation.
in the context of the management of your application:
– in the event of a positive outcome to an application, data relating to an employee is kept for the time of his or her presence within the Bel Group and after his or her departure for the applicable legal retention period;
– in the event of a negative outcome to an application, your data will be kept for two (2) years, unless you object, and will in any case be destroyed upon your request.
12. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATAIn accordance with the regulations in force, you have the right to access and rectify your personal data as well as, insofar as applicable, the right to request its deletion, the right to oppose the processing of your data for a legitimate reason and to obtain its limitation or portability.
When you exercise your rights, your personal data will be processed for the purposes of handling your request (civility, surname, first name, copy of identity document, nature of the request, response given). These data are kept for a period of one year or six years, depending on the right exercised, with the exception of the copy of the identity card, which will always be kept for one year.
You may exercise these rights or ask any question relating to the management of your personal data by the Bel Group by contacting:
By e-mail to the following address: dpm@groupe-bel.com
By mail to the following address:
BEL SA
Direction de la Communication
2 allée de Longchamp
92150 Suresnes
Where there is reasonable doubt as to the identity of the applicant, proof of identity may be requested where appropriate.
You also have the right to refer any complaint relating to the way in which BEL SA collects and processes your data to the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL), 3 Place de Fontenoy – TSA 80715 – 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07.
13. PROTECTION OF CHILDREN'S PERSONAL DATAThe BEL Group considers that parents must be informed of the relationship that the company and its brands establish with their children. The BEL Group therefore undertakes to request the e-mail address of the parents/guardians of Internet users under the age of 15 years in order to send them a copy of the registration e-mail sent to their children.
At any time, on simple request, parents/guardians can have access to the registered personal data concerning their child and ask if they wish to be removed from our databases by contacting the consumer service. Likewise, parents/guardians may exercise all the rights that their child has under the applicable regulations on personal data law by contacting the consumer service in the manner provided for in Article 11 of this Policy.
14. UPDATEThis Policy may change from time to time. We will keep you informed of these changes but we also invite you to consult it regularly.
Share
Legals
PRIVACY POLICY
Cookie settings
Credits
Site map