https://www.joh-enschede.nl/terms/
2031 CC Haarlem
The
Netherlands
info@joh-enschede.nl
© 2019 Royal Joh. Enschedé. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service
The website of Royal Joh. Enschedé (RJE) is intended solely for reference purposes. Any explanation or recommendation made on the website is generalised in nature and never concerns any specific situation or problem. The information provided on the RJE website must in no way be regarded as a substitute for professional advice.
You are advised most urgently to seek an independent legal or other opinion before taking any action in matters on which the information provided on the RJE website might have a bearing.
Although the information provided on the RJE website is compiled with the utmost care and although RJE is of the opinion that this information correctly represents the state of affairs at the time of publication on the website, RJE cannot guarantee that this information is or will remain either correct or complete. RJE cannot be held liable for any damage ensuing from using (or, conversely, being unable to use), trusting, or acting on information provided on the RJE website. While RJE has the intention to ensure that its website is continuously available, RJE can also not be held liable for any damage ensuing from the unavailability of the website at any time or during any period. The publication of the RJE website may, without prior notice, be discontinued either temporarily or forever.
RJE points out that if you surf to the website of another organisation via a link on the RJE website, RJE cannot take responsibility for the correctness or completeness of any information provided on the other website, nor can RJE be held liable for such information.
If you access any part of the Royal Joh. Enschedé website, you are presumed to have read and understood the above
Privacy Statement
Royal Joh. Enschedé (RJE) treats any personal information it receives through its website with due care, operating fully within the framework of the Dutch Data Protection Act (Wbp). This Privacy Statement intends to advice you about the type of information that RJE captures through its website and what this information is used for.
Visitor data
The webserver of RJE logs session information such as the duration of your visit, the pages you accessed and the type of browser and operating system you used. This session information is not traceable to any particular individual and is only stored and used to produce statistical reports that enable RJE to evaluate and improve the RJE website.
Cookies
The RJE website enables you to order publications. To prevent you having to provide the same personal information for different orders during any specific visit, these data are stored onto your computer in a so-called session cookie. A session cookie is a small file stored on your computer’s hard disk that is automatically erased when you close the link to the RJE website.
Personal information
Some activities facilitated on the RJE website – eg, applying for jobs, sending in questions, ordering publications, registering for RJE ’s news service – require you to provide personal information. RJE uses this information solely for the purposes for which it is intended. RJE will never offer any unsolicited information and/or services. Your personal information is not passed on to any third parties, albeit that the law provides a number of exceptions here: such information may be used for investigation if you use the site to commit an indictable offence or make any comments that contravene any laws.
This Privacy Statement refers to www.joh-enschedé.nl only.
Cookies
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on a user’s computer when visiting a website. This file stores data including preference settings, order data or visitor information.
Why ask your permission?
Royal Joh. Enschedé (RJE) uses software to collect statistical data in anonymous form about how visitors use our websites. This software places cookies with a view to properly collecting and interpreting this information. In accordance with Section 11.7a of the Telecommunications Act, we ask your permission to place these cookies. Once you have given permission, a small text file containing a unique code will be stored on your computer. The purpose of this file is to distinguish between first-time and returning visitors.
As RJE sees to it that data collected by means of cookies are encrypted such that they are not identifiable, no personal data are collected.
The data that RJE collects are used to improve the website, for example by increasing the findability of content. We greatly appreciate your cooperation.
Who we areOur history
Our ability
Our people
Our greatest hits
What we offerSecure printing
New techniques
The way we work
Testimonials
ProductsSecurity
Stamps
AntTail
MyEventNote
ContactContact
Terms of Service
Search for:
Search
Home
Who we are
Our history
Our ability
Our people
Our greatest hits
What we offer
Secure printing
Testimonials
New techniques
The way we work
Products
Secure printing
Stamps
AntTail
MyEventNote
What’s New
Latest work
News
Careers
Contact