http://www.ga.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
It is General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.ga.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.ga.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and Conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, General Atomics and Affiliated Companies collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ visitors use its website. From time to time, General Atomics and Affiliated Companies may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
General Atomics and Affiliated Companies also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.ga.com blog posts. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ websites choose to interact with General Atomics and Affiliated Companies in ways that require General Atomics and Affiliated Companies to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that General Atomics and Affiliated Companies gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://www.ga.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
www.ga.com uses Google AdWords for remarketing
www.ga.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
General Atomics and Affiliated Companies discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ behalf or to provide services available at General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, General Atomics and Affiliated Companies discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when General Atomics and Affiliated Companies believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of General Atomics and Affiliated Companies, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of http://www.ga.com and have supplied your email address, General Atomics and Affiliated Companies may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with General Atomics and Affiliated Companies and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
General Atomics and Affiliated Companies may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, General Atomics and Affiliated Companies does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, General Atomics and Affiliated Companies uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies uses cookies to help General Atomics and Affiliated Companies identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.ga.com, and their website access preferences. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to General Atomics and Affiliated Companies's use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, General Atomics and Affiliated Companies may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in General Atomics and Affiliated Companies’ sole discretion. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.