http://www.blairrubber.com/blair-rubber-website-policy-statement/
Blair Rubber Co. Privacy Statement
General Overview
This website (collectively “blairrubber.com” or “Site”) is an interactive on-line service operated by Blair Rubber Co.
The purpose of this Privacy Statement (“Statement”) is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you.
Blair Rubber Co. takes privacy seriously.  Blair Rubber Co. is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to facilitate commercial transactions and to provide you with a more personalized experience with this Site and with our company. We have created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of all of our customers and visitors. The following paragraphs and sections of this Statement disclose the information-gathering and dissemination practices and policies of the Blair Rubber Co.
Except as otherwise discussed in this Statement, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on-line or otherwise, including when we reference this statement.  For some services, we may collect and transfer personal information to a service provider you have selected, or you may visit other merchants or third parties through links on our Site who may collect and use your personal information in ways and manners different than Blair Rubber Co. We strongly encourage you to ask questions, to be very cautious, and ensure you are dealing with a reputable site or company before you disclose any personal or financial information to others.
Please read the following to learn more about our data collection policies and practices.
By using this Site you consent to and acknowledge the collection and use of your information by Blair Rubber Co as set forth in this Statement.
Personal Information Privacy Principles
We collect, store, process, and use any personal information Site users provide to us or that we otherwise gather on this Site or otherwise in accordance with the following principles:
Accountability:
Blair Rubber Co. will only collect personal information that is required or legitimate in the course of normal business operations.
Wherever necessary, Blair Rubber Co will advise third parties that receive or process information on Blair Rubber Co.’s behalf to provide a comparable level of privacy protection in respect of such information.
Identifying Purposes, Obtaining Consent and Limiting Use:
When collecting personal information, Blair Rubber Co. will disclose the purpose for the information collection and will obtain consent, when required, to allow Blair Rubber Co. to use the information in the course of normal business operations.
Please note that if the collection, use or disclosure of personal information is permitted by law or required by court order or other legal proceeding, Blair Rubber Co. will not seek additional consent or provide any additional notice to you.
Safeguards:
Blair Rubber Co. safeguards personal information by employing security measures that are appropriate and commercially reasonable based on the sensitivity level of the information in question.
However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us, but before it gets to us, over the Internet. We ask that you do your part to ensure the security of personal information by keeping any computer passwords you use to access the Internet or your computer strictly confidential, to use secure Internet connections, and to use virus-protected computer hardware whenever possible.
Openness, Accuracy, Access and Challenging Compliance:
From time to time, Blair Rubber Co. may make available specific or additional information about Blair Rubber Co.’s policies and practices as they relate to the management of personal information.
Upon being advised in writing of any inaccuracies with regard to your personal information, Blair Rubber Co. will use its best efforts to make any necessary or materially relevant changes to such information in our possession.
Rubber Co. is responsible for investigating any complaint related to its compliance with this Statement. If Blair Rubber Co. finds a complaint to be justified, appropriate measures will be taken, including, if necessary, amending its policies and practices or updating this Statement.
Information We May Collect; Information Use
Blair Rubber Co. may collect personally identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, e-mail address, phone numbers, and the like when you correspond with Us or submit questions or comments to us through the Site or otherwise. We do not require you to provide personal information to obtain access to any public portions of our Site.
Any personal information we maintain about you will be used for the purpose indicated on the Site or as stated in this Statement or as specifically disclosed to you. Blair Rubber Co. collects information to facilitate the services offered on this Site and to provide better and more useful services to the users of the Site, and to respond to queries or requests of users. If you submit personal information to us through this Site, we may use your information to initiate periodic communications (by phone, fax, email, or mail) with you about services or products that are offered by Blair Rubber Co. or any of its affiliates or business partners, about upcoming events that may be of interest to you, and similar types of information.
If you do not want us to communicate with you at all, or by specific modes of communication, or about certain types of information, you can “opt out” or customize your level of communications you received from us as described below in the section entitled “Access, Amendment, and Deletion”.
The information collected on this Site is currently stored on servers physically located within Canada and/or the United States; however, Blair Rubber Co. reserves the right to store such information in any other location, as deemed necessary or desirable by Blair Rubber Co., in its sole discretion and without further notice.
Access, Amendment, and Deletion
If at any time you would like to correct, change or view personal information you have submitted to Blair Rubber Co. on-line or otherwise through this Site, or otherwise, if you would like to remove your name completely from our database, or if you would like to customize what information you receive and how you receive it, please contact steve.rudman@blairrubber.com or write us at the following address.
Blair Rubber Co.
5020 Enterprise Pkwy
Seville, OH 44273
Cookies and Other Non-Identifiable Information
As with many Websites, the Site uses standard technology called “cookies,” which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies. Cookies automatically identify your Web browser to the Site whenever you visit the Site, and makes using the Site easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences. By tracking how and when you use the Site, cookies help us determine which areas of our Site are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data obtained from cookies. Accepting cookies allows you to, among other things, personalize your experience on the Site. Cookies may also allow the Site to present to you advertising or information, products, or services which may be of interest to you. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, generally you can “opt out” of providing this information to us by turning off the cookies in your browser; however, please note that doing so could impact your ability to access or use some areas of the Site or the Site may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies. Note that cookies do not personally identify users – although they do identify a user’s computer.
We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration, to improve the Site and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors or for other internal uses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our computers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request Web pages from the Site, our computers log your IP address.
Click-stream data is information collected by the Site when you request Web pages from it. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page viewed and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us understand how visitors arrive at the Site, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content, advertising, and the like. Such information helps us to improve and administer our Site.
Personal Information Sharing Practices
When you share personal information on this Site or otherwise with Blair Rubber Co., you are sharing that information with our parent and related companies. We will not sell, exchange, or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information, without your consent, except to the extent required by law, in accordance with your instructions, or as otherwise set out in this Statement.
Blair Rubber Co may share your personal information with third party business partners or service providers so that they may provide services to Blair Rubber Co that are consistent with the terms of this Statement. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy assets. In such transactions, user information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Therefore, please be advised that if Blair Rubber Co or any of its affiliated companies were acquired or if all of the material assets of Blair Rubber Co or any of its affiliated companies is sold, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets.
Blair Rubber Co may also disclose personal information collected through this Site or otherwise in special circumstances. For example, if it appears that a user is accessing or using the Site or our Servers for illegal or disruptive purposes to either Blair Rubber Co or to any other party. We may also use personal information that we maintain about a user to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems. Blair Rubber Co may also disclose personal information when it believes in good faith that such disclosure is required by law or when necessary to protect other Site users or the public.
Limitation of Liability
By providing us with any personal information, you expressly and unconditionally release and hold harmless Blair Rubber Co, its parents, shareholders, owners, members, and each of their subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents (collectively, the “Releasees”) from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected personal information from the Site. In addition, while Blair Rubber Co makes efforts to ensure that the use of user personal information provided to third party companies, promotional partners or vendors shall be in accordance with this Statement, the Releasees are not liable for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected personal information by such third parties.
External Links
This Site may include links to third party Web sites which we do not own or control.  Therefore, you should be aware that when you are on the Site, you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. For example, if you “click” on a banner advertisement, the “click” may take you off the Site onto a different Website. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use the Site’s logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information, and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked to our Site, you should consult that Web site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.  If you cannot find the privacy policy of any of these third party Web sites via a link from the Web site’s homepage, you should contact the third party Web site operator directly for more information. Blair Rubber Co.’s Web Site Privacy Statement does not apply to any information you submit to third-party Websites, including, without limitation, any Websites that may be connected to our Site by hypertext link or otherwise.
Policy Updates
This Statement was last updated on May, 30 2017. We reserve the right to modify this Statement from time to time and for any reason. If we modify this Statement, we will post the modified Statement on the Site – so please check back from time to time to ensure that you have reviewed and are familiar with the current terms and conditions set forth in this Statement.
Type and Press “enter” to Search