http://www.hennessyhammock.com/pages/privacy-policy
Select your store:
USA & More
CA
EU
UK
AUS/NZ
Fast Shipping Worldwide
Skip navigation
Toll Free: 1-888-539-2930
Search
"The coolest tent in the world"
dwell Magazine
Products
Hammocks
Compare Hammocks
Rainflies
Insulation
Accessories
New Products
Gift Cards
Specials
Features
Size and Weight
Classic or Zip
One or Two Layer Bottom
Insulation Options
Free Longer Straps
Bigger Rainflies
More Features
Who uses HH?
Hikers Talk: Videos
Emergency Preparedness
Ultralight Backpacking
Extreme Adventurers
Cycling
Motorcycling
Kayaking
Adventure Racing
Big and Tall
Injury / Arthritis
Scouting
Soldiers
Fishing and Hunting
Disaster Relief / SAR
Scientific Exploration
Medical Expeditions
How-to
FAQ
Before You Go
Tom's Rope Lashing
Set Up Hammock
Set Up SnakeSkins
Set Up Rainfly
Set Up Insulation
Set Up as a Chair
Set Up on the Ground
Tips from Users
Bug Protection
Cold Weather
How-to Videos
About Us
Tom's Story
Reviews
Letters
Awards
Leave No Trace
Poetry
Press Kit
Contact Us
News
Help
Shipping
Warranty/Repairs
FAQ
Corporate Sales
Group Discounts
Contact Us
Contact Us
Cart (0)
BRIGHT IDEAS SALE: 20% off everything in the store with code HOLIDAYS2020
Hammocks
Rainflies
Insulation
Accessories
More Gear
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
Email marketing: When you sign up for our Gearmail Newsletter, and with your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
This website uses cookies to store basic browsing information, as outlined below.
SECTION 2 - HOW WE USE COOKIES
Your consent status
You have consented to all cookie use on this site. You can revoke your consent to non-essential cookies at any time.
Revoke consent
You have not consented to cookie use on this site. For full store functionality, you can opt in to cookie use:
Grant consent
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
A cookie is a small file saved to your computer's hard drive. It allows our website to identify your computer as you browse our website.Cookies allow websites to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to understand how many people use the website and what pages they visit.We use cookies to analyse our web traffic to help us improve the website design and content, to identify your preferences and your geographic region, and to recognise when you return to our website.You can also use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device, you should set your web browser to refuse cookies. However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you.
SECTION 3 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@hennessyhammock.com or mailing us at: Hennessy Hammock 637 Southwind Road Galiano Island BC V0N 1P0   CANADA
SECTION 4 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 5 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment: If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECTION 6 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the heinous and invasive neo-con Patriot Act.. not to mention the NSA.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 7 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@hennessyhammock.com or by mail at Hennessy Hammock 637 Southwind Road Galiano Island BC V0N 1P0   CANADA
A Special Message to Our Customers
It has been a strange few months but we’ve had so much positive feedback from customers about the great times they have had out camping with their hammocks. We just want you to know that we are here if you have any questions.
Our shippers in the US, Canada, UK, and EU have done a wonderful job of shipping in a timely way; however, holiday shopping is starting to rev up already with more people shopping online. We encourage people to order early to be sure they get their gear on time.
Shop for Gear
Hammocks
Compare Hammocks
Rainflies
Insulation
Accessories
More Ultralight Gear
New Products
Gift Cards
Specials
Your Weight
Entry Type
Choose your weight limit:
Under 150lbs / 68kg
Under 200lbs / 90kg
Under 250lbs / 113kg
Under 300lbs / 136kg
Under 350lbs / 158kg
Next
Your Weight
Entry Type
Choose your entry type:
Bottom Entry: Velcro Closure
Side Entry: Zipper Closure
See Search Results
Stay in Touch
HH Gearmail: win free gear!
Subscribe to our newsletter and get a chance to win a kit with your favorite hammock,
insulation system,
and SnakeSkins.
Our monthly newsletter has hot new product info, upcoming sales, promotions and latest tips.
A new winner every month!
See the winners.
Recent News
Hennessy Hammock Australia and New Zealand
Hennessy Hammock Australia has arrived just in time for spring!  We now have a selection of hammocks, insulation and accessories in a warehouse in Brisbane ready to ship quickly to Australia and New Zealand addresses.  All prices are in Australian dollars with GST included in the price and shipping is free.   We are working on adding additional...
read more
OR Outdoor and Snow Show Winter 2019
If you're in Denver today, January 30 or 31st, drop by the Convention Center to see Zeuss and Chris at the Hennessy Hammock booth # UL30038.  People are going wild for the new Survivorman hammock, created in partnership with TV personality, bushcrafter and survivalist Les Stroud.  The Survivorman is a double bottomed hammock for extra insulation or...
read more
Search
About Us
Retailer Login
Shipping
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 HH .com. All Rights Reserved. All prices USD.