https://www.ashandlacy.com/construction/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Ash & Lacy Automotive
Technical Support:
0121 525 1444
info@ashandlacy.com
Careers
Home
About Us
Overview
Corporate Video
Credentials
Sustainability
Service & Support
Gender Pay Gap
Policy Statement
Products
AshGrid
Ashjack
Fabrications
Cladding Support Systems
Metal Façade
Hook On Secret Fix
Concealed Fix
Through Fix
Extruded Plank
Folded Plank
Brick Façade
NaturAL-X
Mechslip
Roofing & Cladding Fixings
Powder Coating
Screen
Perforated Metal Facades
Expanded Mesh
Standing Seam
Steel Frame Systems
Testing & Certifications
Resources
Literature
CPD’s
Training
Projects
Project Map
Case Studies
Project Gallery
News
Careers
Contact Us
Update On Operations During COVID
Whilst the government has tightened restrictions, we would like to remind customers that our production facilities remain open and operational across multiple Ash & Lacy sites. Read more…
Privacy Statement
Ash & Lacy Holdings Limited respects the privacy of every individual who visits our web site, sends us e-mail or responds to our interactive advertisements. This Privacy Policy states how Ash & Lacy Holdings Limited will collect information and use it appropriately.
Personal Information
There are several opportunities on our web site for you to provide us with personal information about you and your interests, such as name, mailing address and e-mail address. If you choose to share any personal information with us, we may store it and use it for marketing research and other marketing purposes. We will not sell or disclose your information to other companies.
Unsubscriptions
To send our periodicals only to those who request them, and immediately unsubscribe those who request it. We keep our subscription lists as clean as possible to prevent obsolete e-mails to take unnecessary bandwidth.
Security
To store subscriber and password files with personal information in a secure manner, we store such files in areas not accessible to Web browsers, or behind password protection, or off-line.
Cookies
Our web site makes use of “cookie” files to customise information to your personal tastes. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may store some information on your computer. Then, when you come back to our site, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences and acquire anonymous statistics in terms of unique site visitor numbers. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit. Most internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions.
Site Links
Ash & Lacy Holdings Limited may establish relationships with reputable industry related companies that allow visitors to our site to link directly to sites operated by these companies. We choose these companies carefully. However, Ash & Lacy Holdings Limited is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party web sites that may be linked to this site. These links are meant for the user’s convenience only and do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by Ash & Lacy of the content, policies or practices of such sites nor any products or services which may be offered through that site.
Contact Information
If you do not want your personal information collected or shared, please contact Ash & Lacy Holdings Limited Ltd at sales@ashandlacy.com and we will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our files.