http://www.time-masters.com/privacy.php
Live Chat Software
Call for better product selection and best prices. We have better service too.
Home |  Contact | Specials
Global Search:
Cart ()   |
Login
We Buy - We Trade - We Recycle
Check how much your old clock is worth!
Manufacturer List
AcroprintAmanoAmg TimeLathemRapidprintSchlage Biometric
Product Category
Time Stamps
Biometrics      Fingerprint Reader      Face Recognition      Schlage HandPunch      Schlage Biometric HandKey
Software
Time Clocks      Computerized Time Clocks      Electronic Time Clocks      Mechanical Time Clocks
Time Attendance Packages
Badge Reader Terminals
Time Cards      Acroprint      Amano      Isgus      Lathem
Ribbons      Acroprint      Amano      Cincinnati      Lathem      Rapidprint      Simplex      Stromberg      Widmar      Royal
Special Deals
Refurbished Time Clocks
HandPunch Parts      Platens, Keys & Mounts      Overlays For All Terminals      Top Panel Assembly      Main Boards      Power & Battery Backup      Card Reader & Keypad      Communication & Network      Memory Options
Parts & Supplies      Enclosures      Additional Options      Battery Backup      Cables & Adapters      Employee ID Card
Badge Holder Supplies      Badge Holders      Clips And Accessories      Badge Retractores & Reels      Neck Wear
Signal Devices
Watchman Clock
Racks      Time Card Racks      Security Cabinets / Racks      Badge Racks      Locking For Badge Racks
Links
Home Page
LoginCompany Info
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy Overview
Our Internet Superstore allows you to buy products and services, sign up for a gift registry,
enter contests, receive special discounts, apply for credit, fill out surveys,
and receive newsletters, e-mails or other promotional information from us.
We use
the information that we collect about you to fulfill your product and service purchases
and to create a more personalized online experience.
This is just a brief overview, so
please read on for more details about our Privacy Policy.
This Policy may change from time
to time, so please check back periodically.
Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses
the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online.
For some services, we either
collect and transfer personal information to a service provider you have selected, or you
may visit other merchants through links on our site who may collect and use your personal information.
We encourage you to ask
questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your personal information to others.
Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to
privacy@Time-Masters.com or may also be contacted directly at the following address:
Privacy Compliance Officer
Time-Masters, Inc.
3235 San Fernando Rd. #1D
Los Angeles, CA 90065
This Privacy Policy will explain the following regarding use of our site:
What information does Time-Masters.com collect from you?
Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
Who is collecting your information?
With whom do we share your information?
How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?
What are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information?
What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information?
A special note about children's privacy
Time-Masters.com and third-party use of "cookies" and "action tags."
You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from Time-Masters.com
Contacting Time-Masters.com about privacy questions or concerns
Privacy Policy changes
What information does Time-Masters.com collect from you?
In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, Time-Masters.com collects two types of information
about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Our
primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized
experience while using our site.
Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal information is
requested when you order a product or service, register for a Gift List, enter contests or sweepstakes,
apply for the Time-Masters.com credit card, fill out surveys, and send us feedback. For example, this information might include
your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other
payment information, and product details. With this information, Time-Masters.com can fill your orders and better
provide you with personalized services. For a few services, we may collect your personal information
on behalf of other merchants and share it with them. For example, on our Cellular Store, we may ask you
for your social security number, driver's license number and date of birth and share that information
with the third-party telephone service provider that you have selected. If you visit one of the stores
available through a link on our site, they will independently collect, use and
share your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you have questions
about their information practices, please read their privacy policies. In many cases, you can find a
link to their privacy policies on the page offering the Partners' services.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual.
We gather certain information about you based upon where you shop on our site in several ways.
This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis.
For example,
this information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from,
which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address.
A URL
is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web.
An IP address is an identifier
for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the
World Wide Web.
Networks like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address
of the destination.
In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer
whenever you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer.
Computers require
IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide Time-Masters.com's visitors with a superior customized online
experience.
We use the customer contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them of their order
status, to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and administer our systems.
Demographic data also may be collected at our site from third party advertising servers, content servers,
or web site analysis agents who provide us with the zip code and area code associated with a visitor's server, along with pages
viewed on our site.
We review the actions of the Time-Masters.com visitors on an aggregate basis to determine
customers' preferences.
Time-Masters.com also does research on our visitors' demographics, interests, and pages
viewed based on the information provided to us during ordering, a promotion, from our server log files, from our
web site analysis agents, or from contests, drawings or surveys.
We will use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site,
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site use, to improve our product
offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout, and services.
We receive reports from third
party ad servers, content servers, or web site analysis agents that tells us how many ads were presented
and clicked upon or what content was served or viewed.
We may also share your personally identifiable information with third parties who provide services to us,
our customers and web site visitors.
Those third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees
and consultants and other companies working with us (collectively, "agents").
Where we believe it to be
appropriate (in our sole discretion), we will ask our agents not to disclose or use your personal information
for purposes other than to provide services to you or Time-Masters.com.
We gather information in the following ways:
Shopping
We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information,
to enable ads to be served on our site, to report Non-Personally Identifiable Information to our advertisers,
and to monitor the level of activity on our site.
We collect information from visitors to our site regarding
the URLs they came from, domain types (e.g., .com or .org), their IP addresses, the date and time of their visit
or order, the number of visits and orders, the number of visits per browsing session, the server type, the operating
system and browser type used to come to the site, the country, state and telephone area code where their servers are
located, the pages and page titles of our site that visitors viewed during their visit, whether the visitor's computer
is enabled for Java or cookies, browser language, applications and plug-ins, and any search terms entered on our site.
Ordering
When you order from us, we collect personally identifiable information from you.
If you order one of our products
or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone
number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address,
page you bought from and a password.
We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in
order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials.
Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes
and additions to the information it contained and these changes will be automatically kept for future use.
Newsletters & Promotional E-mails
We offer free newsletters, such as our Time-Masters.com magazine, and promotional e-mails as a service to our customers.
We will send you
newsletters and e-mails periodically listing current specials and deals.
To stop receiving our
newsletter, send an e-mail to us at optout@Time-Masters.com.
Contact Information and Third Party Data
If you contact Time-Masters.com or our customer service representatives by telephone, e-mail or letter,
we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments.
If you report a problem with our site,
we may collect such information in a file specific to you.
If you contact us through our feedback
area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name, e-mail
address and order information in order to send you a reply.
If other users or third parties send
us correspondence about your activities or purchases on our site, we may keep the information in a file specific to you.
Customer Service
We use a third party to help us provide customer service.
In order to help you most effectively,
we provide them with your order information.
Advertising
We may display advertisements on our site.
By knowing a little about you, Time-Masters.com will be able to deliver
more relevant advertisements and content to you in the form of targeted banners and promotions.
For example, advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to
reach (e.g., buyers of Palm Pilots).
Time-Masters.com takes the advertisement and includes it in a Time-Masters.com
e-mail to prior customers meeting that criterion.
We may also have third-party advertising servers
display ads linked to certain search terms that you have entered, or to certain pages that you are viewing.
In this process, advertisers never have access to individual account information.
Additionally, Time-Masters.com
may share aggregated data with advertisers.
We also track customers' traffic patterns throughout their online session, including which pages,
information and advertisements a customer views while using the site and what items they place
in their basket or purchase.
We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software,
to administer our site and to gather demographic information.
We may share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our site, sales and other shopping information
with third parties.
Cookies
We use cookies and may allow others to use cookies in the operation of our site; to find out what cookies are and how they are used,
click here.
Action Tags/Web Beacons
We may use and allow others to use action tags or web beacons in the operation of our site; to find out what action tags and web beacons are and how they are used,
click here.
Who is collecting your information?
Ad Servers and Content Servers: We may use third party ad servers or content servers to serve ads, product information,
or other information both on and off our site.
Those third parties
may use "action tags" or web beacons throughout the site to count the number of visitors who click on a banner ad or
other information and to track the number of customers who continue on to make a purchase.
They may
also place their own "cookie" on your computer to help those ads to run and analyze site usage.
We do not provide them with any
of your Personally Identifiable Information.
For more information about the information they collect,
please see the section "Use of Cookies and Action Tags" below.
Image Servers: We use a third party image serving company to serve the graphics that visitors see on
our site more quickly.
They collect a visitor's IP address and the URLs of any graphics viewed and the
date and time of the visit.
However, they do not collect and we do not provide them with any Personally
Identifiable Information.
They may also use a "cookie."
To learn more about their information practices,
Click here.
E-mail Services:
We use a third party to send promotional e-mails to customers.
Images contained in the email may be served by the third party.
They collect certain information about you
such as your IP address, browser type, your operating system, the country and server your computer is logged
onto, where the servers that your computer is logged onto is located, the time and date that a particular email
was viewed, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular ad
or email, products viewed and whether you continued on to make a purchase.
They may use a "cookie" or "action
tags."
To learn more about their information practices, or to opt out of receiving their cookie, click here.
Website Analysis Agent: We may contract with several online partners to help manage and
optimize our Internet business and marketing. We use the services of
marketing companies to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising
and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Action Tags and cookies
provided by the marketing companies on this site. The type of information we collect includes things such as pages, information and advertisements viewed as well as what items are placed in a shopping basket or purchased, the order number, the amount of a purchase, the product number and the quantity purchased.
By supplementing our records, this information helps us
learn things like what kinds of customers our site attracts, which of our
products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers
like to see. Although the marketing companies log the information coming from
our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. If
you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site, products, offers
and marketing strategy, you can "opt-out" of this web-site analysis tool by
clicking here. For more information, please see the section "Use of Cookies and Action Tags" below.
Financing Services: We use a third party bank to provide the Time-Masters.com credit card and financing to customers
who desire it.
The bank collects personally identifiable information to provide their
financing services. Click here to see the privacy policy of the bank administering the Time-Masters.com
credit card.
Marketing Partners, Co-branded Services, Framing/Windows on Third-Party Sites:
We may run promotions for merchants where
you may visit the merchants' sites.
In some of those promotions, a window or
frame containing the merchant's site may appear.
Any time you are in a window, you should assume that your personal
information is being collected, used and disclosed in accordance with that merchant's policies.
This Privacy Policy
does not apply to information that you supply to those merchants.
Any information that you share with them will be
used and disclosed in accordance with that merchant's privacy policy.
However, once you click on a return link to
our site, you can expect that further information that you disclose will be treated in accordance with this Policy.
On occasion, unaffiliated third parties will "frame" Time-Masters.com's site in an effort to collect customer information.
To ensure your privacy, make sure that your order originates from Time-Masters.com's site.
Time-Masters.com is not in any manner responsible in the event that you do disclose information to an unaffiliated framing site.
Links and Banner Ads to Third-Party Sites:
Please be aware that our site may contain links to other sites on the
Internet that are owned and operated by third parties.
The information practices of those websites linking from or
to our site are not covered by this Policy.
These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or
solicit personal information.
Additionally, other companies or ad servers, which place advertising on our site may
collect information about you through the use of cookies when you view or click on their advertising.
We cannot control
this collection of information.
You should contact advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the
information that they collect.
With whom do we share your information?
Fulfillment:
The information collected by Time-Masters.com is used for processing orders, keeping you informed about your
order status, for statistical purposes, for improving our site and its performance, to serve ads, and to notify you
of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.
We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information
to third parties to charge your credit card, fill your order, deliver your order, provide customer service, provide you
with credit and deliver promotional e-mails to you from Time-Masters.com.
For example, we must release your credit card information
to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment; and release your address and telephone information to the delivery service to
deliver products that you ordered.
Other Parties:
We do not sell, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to others without your consent.
We may provide Non-Personally Identifiable Information about our customers' sales, traffic patterns, and related site
information to third parties, but these statistics do not include any Personally Identifiable Information.
We may release account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our
Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property, and safety of Time-Masters.com, our users, or others.
If customers
do not pay us for products ordered, we may submit their account information to a third party collection agency.
Services Provided on Our Site:
Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, without your consent, Time-Masters.com does
not disclose its customers' Personally Identifiable Information to other merchants.
Where you sign up for goods
or services offered through our site, but sold directly to you by a third party, we give your personal information
to that third party (e.g., our Cellular Store and any magazine offers available on our site).
To see our magazine suppliers privacy policy click here.
Data Analysis Agents: The information collected by or for Time-Masters.com may be provided to an outside company
for the purpose of analysis.
That analysis is to help us to improve our site and product selection, and to
notify you of special offers that may be of interest to you.
That data analysis agent may not share any
Personally Identifiable Information with others, or use it for any other purpose than to help Time-Masters.com.
Ad Servers, Advertisers, Image Servers and Website Analysis Agents: These third parties
use their cookies' identification numbers and internal web site tracking features to serve ads on our
site and to collect aggregated information to create statistics about our customers and visitors, traffic
patterns, and related site information.
In the event that our ad servers collect any Personally
Identifiable Information on our behalf, it will not be used by them or disclosed to any third parties.
To find out about the information practices of our image server,
click here.
To find out more information about our current website analysis agents information practices, click here.
Compliance with Service of Process or Law Enforcement: Occasionally Time-Masters.com may be asked by law
enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate
governmental authorities.
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court
order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, without prior notice to you.
Time-Masters.com fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for
illegal activities.
We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful.
Sweepstakes and Drawings: Where you enter a sweepstakes, drawing or other promotion, we may provide entry information, including
name, address, email address and age to the company providing the prize or sponsoring the promotion.
They may use your Personally
Identifiable Information to send you marketing or promotional materials or other communications.
How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us.
During the online ordering process you can review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted.
You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time.
We encourage you to promptly
update your information if it changes.
You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed;
however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases.
Also, as a security measure we "back up" the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be
completely removed from our databases.
As a result, you should not expect that all of your Personally Identifiable
Information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases.
What are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information?
Email: We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials
and new additions to the Time-Masters.com site.
You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the
unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail you receive from us, or by sending an e-mail to optout@Time-Masters.com. After
doing so, Time-Masters.com users will not receive future promotional emails unless they open a new account, enter a contest, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails.
Ad-servers and other Content Servers:
You may also set your browser so that it will not accept "cookies" to prevent assignment from the ad server of a unique identifier; however, you will be unable
to shop on our site if you do so.
What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information?
In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third
party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions.
They receive the information needed to verify and
authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order.
When you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure server.
All of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means.
A special note about children's privacy
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site.
Our policy is that we do not
knowingly collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 18 years of age.
If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that they have disclosed
personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at privacy@Time-Masters.com so that we may delete the
minor's information.
Time-Masters.com and third-party use of "cookies" and "action tags."
Time-Masters.com Cookies:
When you use our site we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of our site.
A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer's hard drive (if your Web browser permits)
that can later be retrieved to identify you to Time-Masters.com.
Our cookies store randomly assigned user identification numbers,
the country where you are located, and your first name to welcome you back to our site.
The cookies make your use of the
site easier, allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure
site.
You will be unable to shop on our site without your browser set to accept cookies.
Ad Server and Content Server Cookies:
We may use an outside ad serving company or content server to display banner advertisements
and other information on our site or to serve promotional emails.
As part of their service, they place a separate cookie on your computer. Except for the company that serves our promotional emails, Time-Masters.com does not provide
third-party ad servers with any of your Personally Identifiable Information.
Time-Masters.com and its third party ad servers do collect and use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about you, such
as your IP address, browser type, the URLs from which you came, referring site's domain types (e.g., .com),
operating system, the country, the server your computer is logged onto, where the servers that your computer
is logged onto is located, the pages of our site and products that visitors viewed during their visit, where an ad was placed
on a specific web site page, the time and date particular ads were served, the area code and zip code associated
with your server and whether you responded to a particular ad, and a receipt identifier.
If you would like to know
more about the information gathering practices of the company that send our promotional emails, please
click here.
Our third-party ad servers will occasionally use outside agents, whose computers will serve ads
on our site in the same manner and under the same conditions as above.
In addition, other ad
serving companies or advertisers may place banner ads on our site in the same manner as above,
but we do not disclose to them any Personally Identifiable Information.
Image Server Cookies:
As part of the ad-serving process, a third party may serve graphics upon our
site.
In order to customize their service, they may also place a cookie upon your computer.
While Time-Masters.com does not control their use of that cookie, no Personally Identifiable or individual
customers' product information is collected. To see our image server's privacy policy, click here.
Website Analysis Agent Cookies:
We may use a third party to analyze what our visitors find to be most
interesting on our site.
To do that, they will place a cookie on your computer with a randomly assigned
unique number in order to track the pages you view on our site, along with other Non-Personally
Identifiable Information.
Action Tags, Web Beacons and other Data Collection Methods:
An action tag or a web-beacon (also known as a clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to track
responses or actions by customers who view certain advertisements or other information on our site.
Action tags are 1x1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information.
Our ad server, content servers and website analysis agents
may use action tags to count the number of times that visitors click on a particular
banner ad or visit the pages of our site and to provide information about what products are viewed or purchased.
Without collecting any personally identifiable information,
they use that data to tell us (and other advertisers) which ads are the most effective on particular
sites.
Our ad server, content server and website analysis agents may use an action tag on our basket page, checkout page, and other pages,
to keep anonymous track of the number of times that clicking on a banner ad or views other information on our siteresults in a purchase.
They also collect the amount of the purchase, order confirmation number, stock keeping unit number,
quantity and identity of product purchased.
E-mail Distributor's Use of Action Tags:
Our third-party e-mail distributor may also use action tags.
They may, for example, keep track of when a promotional e-mail is opened and provide Time-Masters.com with
ongoing aggregated reports of how many customers have responded. We share with them web site usage information
about visitors to our web site who have received a promotional e-mail or other targeted promotional campaign.
They use the information for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used
in reporting statistics.
For this purpose, we and our third-party e-mail distributor note some of the pages
you visit on our web site through the use of action tags . For more information about our third-party e-mail
distributor's use of action tags and other data collection methods, please click here.
You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from Time-Masters.com
Other sites accessible through our web site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices.
Please consult each site's privacy policy.
Time-Masters.com is not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
Please be aware that this site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties.
The information practices of those web sites linked to Time-Masters.com are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
These other sites may
send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
Additionally, other companies that place
advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies.
We cannot control this collection of information.
You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions
about their use of the information that they collect.
On behalf of various sponsors, Time-Masters.com provides sponsored links to third-party web sites.
If you click on a
sponsored link or banner ad, a "window" or "frame" containing a third-party's web site may appear in the foreground
with the Time-Masters.com web site in the background.
Unless you are on Time-Masters.com's web site, any time that you have moved to
a window, you should assume that your personal information is being collected, used and disclosed in accordance
with the windowed site's privacy policy (if any).
If you are unsure as to whose privacy policy applies, please
contact us by e-mail at privacy@Time-Masters.com, or by sending a letter to the address below.
Contacting Time-Masters.com about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with
this site, please contact Time-Masters.com by sending a letter to:
Privacy Compliance Officer
Time-Masters, Inc.
3235 San Fernando Rd. #1D
Los Angeles, CA 90065
You may also contact us by e-mail at privacy@Time-Masters.com.
Privacy Policy changes
This Privacy Policy was last changed on April 23, 2003.
If Time-Masters.com makes changes to any terms
or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will
always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it.
We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective
immediately upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise.
Home Page
Login
Company Info
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use