http://www.bannerqueen.com/privacy-policy
Home
Events & News
Gallery
Mixed Media
Banners
Installations, Sets, & Public Art
Altered Cabinet Cards
Carte de Visite
The Conjoined Postcard Project
Commissions
Shop
Books
Altered Cabinet Cards
Carte De Visite
Mixed Media
Banners
Prints
Doodads
About
About
Selected Ehibitions
Selected Commissions
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy PolicyWelcome Thank you for visiting BannerQueen (bannerqueen.com). Please read the following Privacy Policy carefully. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at our site. By accessing or using our site(s) and our services, you hereby agree to be bound by the terms and all terms incorporated herein by reference. If you do not expressly agree to all of the terms and conditions and or Privacy Policy, then please do not access or use our sites or our services. This Privacy Policy agreement is effective/updated as of 01/01/2018. The Information We Collect You provide specific personal information during the purchase of goods and/or services and contact form submission from our site bannerqueen.com. The information includes: you name, address, email address, telephone number, payment information and your interest in specific types of products and/or services. We may also collect certain non-personal information including the type of browser you are using (e.g. Google, Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g. Windows, Mac OS) and the domain name of your internet service provider (e.g. Comcast, AOL, Earthlink, Verizon). How We Use the Information We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your order for our goods and/or services, and/or to respond to your inquiries. From time to time we may also send you additional information about our products and/or services in special promotional mailings. If you do not wish to receive these special mailings and be removed from our mailing at any time please contact our Customer Service Team with our Contact Us form or email: ajohnquest@gmail.com. The non-personal information gathered may be used to improve the design and content of our site and in the aggregate to analyze site usage. We may disclose personal information in response to legal process (e.g. in response to a court order or subpoena). We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request. And finally we may disclose personal information in response to a charge-back inquiry from our merchant bank about your payment for goods and/services. We will not sell or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us outside of our company except as described above.Collection of Information by Third Party Site Our site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. Cookies Like most websites, we use small bits of data called cookies stored on users’ computers to simulate a continuous connection. Cookies let us remember information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within our site without re-introducing yourself.Those who disable cookies will not be able to use the service/site, as they are required to maintain your login to our service within a browser session. Disabling cookies does not prevent you from accessing websites published under our website host Squarespace system or others, though some features of those sites may be degraded. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by bannerqueen.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or our website provider. Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. Social Media Our website provides users the opportunity to interact and post content through various social media sites including, but no limited to, Twitter, Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Dropbo, Tumblr, foursquare, Flickr, YouTube and Vimeo and others. Your interactions with such tools, and any information you provide in connection with these interactions are publicly view-able outside of the Website domain. Each social media site has its own privacy policies which may be more or less protective that this Policy. If you do not wish for this information to be disclosed, then you should not use these tools. We are not responsible for information you choose to post in this forum.Our site also includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. ENTIRE AGREEMENT This Privacy Policy constitutes the entire agreement between you and BannerQueen (bannerqueen.com) and shall govern the use of our Services, superseding any prior version of this Privacy Policy between you and us with respect to BannerQueen (bannerqueen.com) Services. You may also be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other BannerQueen (bannerqueen.com) Services, affiliate Services, third-party content or third-party software. Terms of Service Please refer to our information on Terms of Service/Conditions (TOSC) for BannerQueen (bannerqueen.com). Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service, please use our Contact Us form, or email: ajohnquest@gmail.com