http://www.linkamat.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home Our Mats Mat UsesExercise Mats Martial Arts Mats Playschool Mats
Mat Care About Testimonials FAQ Contact
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Agility Sports Products Ltd (ASP) is required to request your agreement that you permit us to securely store and process your data relating to your enquiries and previous and future orders and deliveries.
This data may include your name, address, telephone number and email.
We will store these data securely and will use it only for the following purpose:-
(a)	To contact you regarding any enquiries or orders
(b)	To contact you regarding any payment queries
(c)	To make you aware of any special promotions
(d)	We may also share your contact details with our delivery company to enable shipments to be made.
Contacting us by telephone, email or the website enquiry form and giving us the data noted above implies your agreement and acceptance that ASP will securely store such data and may use them as per the list above.
Go to Top
This website uses cookies. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsOK Read MoreCookie Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.