https://www.greenink.co.uk/data-privacy-notice-website/
Data privacy notice for our website
This is the privacy notice of Green Ink Publishing Services Ltd.
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
1. Important information
What is the purpose of this privacy notice?
This privacy notice provides information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you fill in our contact form.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You should read this privacy notice, together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller(s)
Green Ink Publishing Services Ltd is the controller that is responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Green Ink”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). Our registered office is at Unit 14, Elgar Business Centre, Moseley Road, Hallow, Worcester, WR2 6NJ, UK, info@greenink.co.uk, Phone: +44 (0) 20 8798 0817. For all data matters contact Heather Broad on info@greenink.co.uk.
Third-party links outside our control
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. The personal data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped as follows:
Identity data: name as provided on our contact form
Contact data: Email address as provided on our contact form
Any other information that you may provide via our contact form.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data, such as statistical or demographic data. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data, but is not considered personal data in law, as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data, which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any special categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
3. How we collect your personal data
We use different methods to collect data from and about you, as follows.
Directly. You may give us your identity and contact information by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you contact us with a business enquiry.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances.
Performance of contract: this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate interest: this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us on info@greenink.co.uk.
To comply with a legal or regulatory obligation: this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing personal data (other than in relation to employee photographs displayed on our website; employees have the right to withdraw their consent to this at any time by contacting us (info@greenink.co.uk)).
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
Table 1 describes all the ways in which we plan to use your personal data, along with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us (h.broad@greenink.co.uk) if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in Table 1.
Table 1 How we plan to use your personal data, and the legal bases
Purpose/activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest
Direct marketing
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Any other information that you may provide via our contact form
Legitimate interest. To enable discussions about opportunities for us to do business together.
Direct marketing
Employee photographs
Consent
To enable you to contact us about any aspect of our business
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Any other information that you may provide via our contact form
Legitimate interest. To enable discussions about our business.
Contract.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Provide a privacy notice to make individuals aware of our purpose – which we do by providing a link at the bottom of each communication
Provide an opt-out from further communication on each communication with the individual
Act on any opt-outs
Private individuals (business-to-customer only) to contact previous private individual customers about similar services to those already purchased
Ensure that the way data is used is proportionate and has a minimal privacy impact, and that people would not be surprised or likely to object to what we are doing.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and if, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting a.king@greenink.co.uk.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason that is compatible with the original purpose. If you require an explanation about how our processing for a new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact Alice King on a.king@greenink.co.uk.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis that allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Who we share your personal data with
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in Table 1.
Internal third parties:
your contact details with our sales, production, IT or finance team, as necessary, to satisfy your requirement.
External third parties service, for example:
providers acting as processors, based internationally, who provide IT and system administration services and subcontractors
professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes, and we only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
We share your personal data within Green Ink Publishing Services Ltd. As some of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA), this will involve transferring your data outside the EEA.
Please contact us (info@greenink.co.uk) if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data; the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy, which you can request from us by contacting info@greenink.co.uk.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data. See Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your legal rights
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data.
The right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and, where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller (known as the right to data portability), where applicable (i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means)
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request that a restriction is placed on further processing
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable, i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us on info@greenink.co.uk.
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable administration fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request in order to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or if you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. Changes to this notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on 24 May 2018. Earlier versions of this document can be obtained by contacting us.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
11. Queries, requests or concerns
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, in the first instance please contact us on info@greenink.co.uk.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office on 0303 123 1113, or via email casework@ico.org.uk or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, UK.
Terms of website use | Cookie policy
Data privacy notice for our website |
Data privacy notice for our clients and suppliers | Data privacy notice for job applicants
© Green Ink 2020Site designed and built by Green Ink Publishing Services Ltd.
This website uses cookies to improve your user experience.Accept Read MoreCookie policy