http://www.bumblebee.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAboutProductsRecipesSustainabilityContactTrace my catchFind A StoreTalk to us (800) 800-8572Find us 280 Tenth Ave San Diego, CA 92101Follow UsPrivacy PolicyUpdated on: January 23, 2019Due to new laws and regulations, we have updated our Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy and contact us with any questions.POLICY TABLE OF CONTENTSWhat is personal informationWhat information we collectWhy we collect and use informationOur use of information technologiesHow to manage your preferencesOwnership of consumer dataAdditional Disclosures (Including COPPA, California Privacy Rights)Safeguarding informationIntellectual propertyHow to contact us1. PREAMBLEBumble Bee Foods, LLC (“Bumble Bee”) recognizes that many people who visit www.Bumblebee.com (the “Website”) are concerned about how personal information they provide to us, on and off-line, is maintained and used by Bumble Bee. To address these concerns and demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and transparency, we have developed and implemented this privacy policy (“Policy”) so you will know how Bumble Bee gathers, uses and stores your personal information. Please review this Policy from time to time as we may update or change it periodically.By visiting BumbleBee.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Policy.2. WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATIONAny information that you provide to us that is personally identifiable, including but not limited, to your name, address, zip code, email address, IP address, telephone number(s), birth date, and security question answers are considered personal information (“Personal Information”). This Policy applies to all Personal Information collected, processed, or stored by Bumble Bee.3. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECTBumble Bee collects Personal Information from a variety of sources, including: information provided by you, technology-enabled services, and information we collect about you from social media channels.We may collect or use anonymized and aggregated information made available to us through third party platforms, online databases and directories, or other means. We require that data sourced from a third party must be legitimately and legally obtained. Some or all of this information may be governed by the privacy policy of the third party.BUMBLE BEE DOES NOT SELL ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.The categories of Personal Information that Bumble Bee may collect :Information provided by you: We or our third party service providers may collect various information when you subscribe, or participate on our social media channels. (To express your preferences related to information you provide to Bumble Bee, go to the MANAGE YOUR PREFERENCES section below).Technology-Enabled Collection Services: We collect data when you visit the Website or interact with our other services and technologies. This information is either automatically collected or is consumer initiated. (For more details, see OUR USE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES section below).4. WHY WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATIONBumble Bee has four (4) main purposes for collecting Personal Information:Communications;Advertising/Promotions;Operations; andFraud Prevention, Security and Compliance1. Communications.Our customer service representatives and third party providers use the Personal Information you provide to respond to your inquiries and distribute newsletters or other services that you subscribe to.2. Advertising/Promotions. We may use Personal Information to provide you with information about our products, services, and promotions.We periodically run contests and sweepstakes on the Website and social media channels (“Promotions”) for which we ask users/participants to provide Personal Information. This information is used to contact the participant only when necessary in accordance with the rules of the Promotion. These Promotions are only available to adults over the age of 18 who reside in the continental United States of America. Please see the official rules for the specific Promotion for full details.We may request that you participate in surveys or polls. If you decide to participate and we post sample answers to polls or surveys a on the Website,   we do not include Personal Information without your permission.3. Operations. To improve the effectiveness of the Website, products, and customer service, we may use Personal Information to conduct research and analytics related to our operations and perform other logistics and operation activities as needed.We may share Personal Information with third parties who provide services to us or who work with us to offer products or services online.We participate in consortiums with partners to share information or match (look alike or similar) customer data. When shared, this information is de-identified or anonymized.4. Fraud Prevention, Security and Compliance.We take security very seriously. We may use Personal Information that you provide to us to protect our data, assets, security and integrity of our services, to assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries.5. BUMBLE BEE’S USE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIESThe following section describes various types of technologies we use when you interact with us online and your choices regarding those technologies:Cookies, Pixel Tags, and Flash Cookies On the Website and other social media channels, we use Cookies and Pixel Tags. This section briefly describes each:A Cookie is a small piece of computer code sent by a website and stored on the hard disk of your computer. A Pixel Tag (also known as a tracking pixel, web beacon, or clear GIF) is an embedded image on a website that may register a user’s website activity.The Cookies Bumble Bee uses do not contain any Personal Information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. Although you may receive Cookies from many different websites, each Cookie can only be read by the web server that originally issued it. You are not even identified by name or e-mail address, just by a unique string of numbers that we assign the first time you come to the Website.At Bumble Bee we use two (2) kinds of Cookies: (1) Persistent Cookies and (2) Session Cookies.Persistent Cookies last from visit to visit; they remain on your hard drive until you erase them or they expire. We use persistent Cookies to help you navigate the Website more efficiently. For example, we use persistent Cookies to show you items you have previously browsed. The persistent Cookies we use are Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Pinterest, and Google Adwords.Session Cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. We use Session Cookies, for example, to collect your information when you subscribe to our email service.Click on the link to learn more about how Google Analytics anonymizes data. For options to manage your Cookie Preferences, please see MANAGING YOUR PREFERENCES section below.Website Optimization Services Bumble Bee shares Personal Information with our service providers’ tools to understand and optimize website performance and enhance website usability for our consumers. These tools run in the background of the Website analyzing the Website usage information and then returning reports to us through an encrypted connection. Our service providers are required to maintain data securely and confidentially, and are not permitted to share data collected with parties other than Bumble Bee.Advertising ProgramsBumble Bee uses third-party advertising companies to serve interest-based advertisements. These companies compile information from various online sources (including mobile-enabled browsers and applications) to match user profiles with Bumble Bee ads we believe will be most relevant, interesting and timely based on that user profile.Bumble Bee has relationships with several social networks companies. These companies have specific interest-based ads programs that match people that have shown interest in Bumble Bee through the Website or other services and platforms (such as Facebook and Google properties). This allows us to deliver relevant, interest-based ads on those companies’ networks.For information about managing your preferences for these programs, see the MANAGING YOUR PREFERENCES section below.6. HOW TO MANAGE YOUR PREFERENCESBumble Bee respects your privacy and your right to opt out. This section details how you may express your preferences including electing to opt-out of some of our data collections or uses.We provide users the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. Likewise, we provide users with the opportunity to change any personal information previously provided, or to opt out of receiving future email communication from us. Please note: It may take up to thirty (30) business days to process your request.There are three (3) ways to opt out or update your Personal Information.Online You can submit your request in our online contact form located on our Contact Us page. MailYou can mail your request to:Bumble Bee Seafoods ATTN: Privacy Office P.O. Box 85362 San Diego, CA 92186PhoneYou can call us at toll free at 800-800-8572. Data Sharing Preferences – EmailsYou have the option not to share your information with our third parties for marketing purposes.The types of emails we may send are:Promotional/Specialized Emails – Promotional or Marketing Emails: From time to time we sent promotional or marketing emails to users who have expressed an interest in receiving email information.Specialized Email Programs: We provide users the option to sign up for our specialized email subscriptions.How to opt-out of Promotional/Specialized emails:To opt-out of receiving Promotional and/or Specialized emails from Bumble Bee, you may use the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of these emails. You are also able to opt out by using one of the methods as provided above.Transactional Emails –  Survey Emails: We may separately send surveys, via email, to our customers in order to collect opinions and feedback about their product experiences in order to improve our services.Please note that transactional emails as defined by the CAN-SPAM Act (e.g. product recall information and Survey emails) do not provide an opt-out option.Managing your browser preferencesYou have the ability to manage your Website Optimization Service preferences in your computer’s browser including anonymous browsing and opt-out options. Please contact your browser provider for more information.7. OWNERSHIP OF CUSTOMER DATAIf Bumble Bee or any of its subsidiaries is sold to or otherwise acquired by a third party, all Bumble Bee data assets will become the property of the acquiring party. Such a party will be subject to any consent(s), opt-outs or other consumer conditions on data. A change in data ownership may or may not include a notice on the Website.8. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURESChildren’s Personal InformationOur goal at Bumble Bee is to provide a safe Internet environment for you and your children. Children and young adults are able to explore the Websites, although we do not actively promote the Website to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collection information from children. We recognize there are unique issues raised about the protection of children’s privacy over the Internet. If we decided to actively promote the Website to Children, we will design the Website to comply with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) guidelines for websites gathering identifiable information from children (under age 13). Consistent with these requirements and guidelines, and provided that we have been given accurate information by the child when asked, we will NOT:collect personally identifiable off-line contact information without prior parental consent;distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information without prior parental consent;entice children by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity;use or disclose on-line contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, on-line information will only be used to respond directly to the child’s request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent; orenable children to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent.We urge parents to spend time with their children on the Website to learn more Bumble Bee and our delicious recipes. While Bumble Bee will attempt to do everything we can to ensure your child’s privacy and safety, informed parents are the best protectors of their children. Parents can always ask to review any Personal Information about their child that may have been collected at one of the Websites, have us delete any such Personal Information, and/or instruct us not to collect or use such Personal Information about their child in the future. To do so, simply contact us following the procedure outlined in the MANAGING YOUR PREFERENCES section.If you are a minor under 18 and have a profile on bumblebee.com, you may ask us to remove reviews or other content that you posted on the Website by using the methods described in the HOW TO CONTACT US section below. We will begin to process your request within thirty (30) days. Please note that processing your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of content that you posted.Your California Privacy RightsUnder California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 and 1798.100, effective January 1, 2020, California residents have the right to:Know what Personal Information is being collected about them, including how the Personal Information was collected;Know whether their Personal Information is being sold or disclosed and to whom;Opt out of the sale of their Personal Information;Access their Personal Information, including the right to download or transfer their information and delete the last twelve months of their Personal Information collected; andEqual service and price even if they exercise their rights.California residents are entitled to submit a verifiable consumer request for the above information.Bumble Bee does not share Personal Information with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. Bumble Bee does not sell Personal Information.You can submit a request by using one of the methods described in the HOW TO CONTACT US section below and we will respond within 45 days.As technology evolves, Bumble Bee will comply with any new requirements and guidelines in a manner and in as timely a fashion as is commercially reasonable.9. SAFEGUARDING INFORMATION We have put in place various procedural, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard the information we collect and use.As a matter of policy, we do not disclose details regarding our security measures as this could be beneficial information to criminals and other bad actors.While Bumble Bee will take every commercially reasonable step to maintain all information in a secured manner, no security safeguards or standards are guaranteed to provide 100% security. You should always use appropriate self-protection measures and practice safe browsing on all websites.Additionally, sometimes bad actors attempt to use our brand to create fake websites, send fake texts or emails, and conduct other illegal activities to commit fraud or attempt to breach consumers’ security.   If you receive anything with the Bumble Bee brand that seems suspicious, please Contact Us.10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROCEDUREBumble Bee’s policy is to protect its own intellectual property, while respecting that of others. Intellectual property can include material protected by copyright or trademark.If you have a good faith belief that Bumble Bee has infringed on your rights protected by a copyright, trademark, you may file notice with our trademark department. Your notice must include:Your full name,Mailing address,Email address,Phone number,Complete description of protected intellectual property,Proof of intellectual property protection – for example, trademark number or other registration information,Jurisdiction in which your intellectual property is protected,Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the protected intellectual property on the Bumble Bee website (for example, a URL),A statement as to why you believe Bumble Bee infringed upon your protected intellectual property,A statement under the penalty of perjury that you, as the owner of the intellectual property, did not authorize Bumble Bee the use the intellectual property, andYour signature.Please send your written notice to:Bumble Bee Foods, LLC Trademark Department 280 Tenth Avenue San Diego, CA 92101Bumble Bee takes intellectual property rights seriously and will investigate the matter. 11. HOW TO CONTACT US/QUESTIONSWe have three (3) ways you can contact us with any questions or requests.Online You can contact us on our online contact form located on our Contact Us page. MailYou can send us a letter at:Bumble Bee Seafoods ATTN: Privacy Office P.O. Box 85362 San Diego, CA 92186PhoneYou can contact us at our toll free number 800-800-8572.Stay in the knowSign up for our newsletter to keep the Seafood Love flowing
×
× This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy Accept Disagree