http://www.l-tron.com/about-us/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Security PolicyPLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content in this site, including but not limited to text, blogs, whitepapers, articles, resource center content, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of L-Tron.com and may be used for informational purposes only. The collective work includes works that are licensed to L-Tron.com. Copyright 2015, L-Tron.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by written consent from L-Tron Corporation. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of L-TRON, L-Tron.com or their respective owners.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an L-Tron.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, L-Tron.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with L-Tron.com, L-Tron.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of L-Tron.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, L-Tron.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).Limitation of LiabilityIn no event shall L-Tron.com or any of its affiliate, or the officers, directors, employees, members, or agents, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any special, related, indirect, or consequential damages, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of performance of this site.Privacy and Security PolicyWe are committed to protecting the integrity of your information and will never solicit your information under any circumstance. Below is our privacy policy. Please note that the use of the words us, we, the company, or L-Tron refer to L-Tron Corporation.What information do we collect, and when do we collect it?We collect your information when you fill out a contact form. We may use cookies and IP address information to better enhance your experience on our site. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.We may utilize customer testimonials throughout the site or on our corporate site, www.L-Tron.com. In this case, only first names will be used to protect your identity. By accepting this privacy policy and using our site, you agree to allow us to make subtractive edits to your testimonial, but never add to it. If there is any information within the testimonial that compromises your information or identity, that information will be withdrawn from the testimonial for your protection.How do we use your information?The information we collect when you register an account, purchase products, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features is used in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a promotion, survey or other site feature.To showcase a testimonial provided (first name and testimonial text will only be used).Internal market research.*If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of internal personell who have approved access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and and is never stored on our server.Do we use “cookies”?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service. For more, in-depth information about cookies and how to manage yours, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?No. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include www.l-trondirect.com or www.L-Tron.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as those parties agree to keep the information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by unsubscribing in the bottom of the email you receive. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails currently in production.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. These third party sites are carefully selected by the L-Tron team for your educational benefit of the topic at hand. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
ChildrenWe do not conduct business with children and minors under the age of 18 years old. Under the circumstance where a minor attempts to conduct business with us, a parent or legal guardian must be present and give their consent to do so. We ask that information of the approving parent or legal guardian is provided rather than the minors. In the case that we find that we have collected a minors information, we will make every reasonable effort to remove that information from our records.SecurityWe make cautious and reasonable measures to help protect your personal information. Transmission of the information you enter is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL). We have security measures in place in an effort to prevent: loss, unauthorized access, misuse of data, disclosure, alteration, and destruction of your information.Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last reviewed and modified on July 31, 2018.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue to info@L-Tron.com . You will receive a response within 24 hours during the business week.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and email and not to information collected offline.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to these Terms and Privacy Policy.Questions? Call: (800) 830-9523 Email: Info@L-Tron.com
Contact Us
Chat
Search
Close
BACK TO TOP
7911 Lehigh Crossing
Suite 6
Victor, NY 14564PHONE
(800) 830-9523
Tech Support [EXT 115]
Customer Service [EXT 110]FAX
(585) 383-0701
EMAIL
INFO@L-Tron.com
See Inside L-Tron
L-Tron Direct
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Pinterest
LAW ENFORCEMENT
Electronic Ticketing, eCitation
Investigations
Forensic Photo Training
SWAT / Tactical
Situational Awareness
LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFERINGS
OSCR360 for Investigations
OSCR360 for Crash / Recon
4910LR DL Reader
Patrol Vehicle Equipment
Thermal Media
Light Grenade
CROSS INDUSTRY PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONS
Asset Tracking
Barcode Scanning
Barcode Labeling & Printing
Field Service & Sales
Remote Device Management
Mobile Computers
Touch Monitors
GOVERNMENT / PUBLIC SECTOR
Fire / Arson
Child Protective Services/DSS
Healthcare
GOVT / PUBLIC SECTOR PRODUCTS
OSCR360 for Arson Investigations
OSCR360 for Active Shooter Training
EDUCATION
Package Tracking
POINT OF SALE
Tax
Retail
Electronic Signature Capture (Topaz)
Mobile POS
MANUFACTURING
Industrial Automation
Test & Measurement
OEM & Systems Integrators
Digital Visual Scheduling
Manufacturing Automation
Supply Chain Management
Industrial & Rugged Computers
Networks & Communication
Touch Monitors
SCADA & DATA Acquisition
Industrial Automation Software
TRANSPORATION & LOGISTICS
Warehousing & Distribution
Track & Trace
Inventory Management
Emergency Supplies Tracking
Medical Rental & Equipment Tracking
WHO ARE WE? INVESTIGATE US
Our Purpose
Our Quality Promise
Our Team
Our Partners
News and Events
Blog
Testimonials
Careers
SUPPORT
Downloads & Drivers
Barcode Generator
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEREmail *CommentSubmit
7911 Lehigh Crossing
Suite 6
Victor, NY 14564PHONE
(800) 830-9523
Tech Support [EXT 115]
Customer Service [EXT 110]FAX
(585) 383-0701
EMAIL
info@L-Tron.com
L-Tron Direct
EXPLORE THE SITE
Law Enforcement
eCitation
Investigations
Govt/Public Sector
Manufacturing
Transport & Logistics
About Us
Resources
Blog
News & Events
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Pinterest
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTEREmail *PhoneSubmit
© L-Tron
Terms and Conditions & Privacy and Security Policy
Return Policy
Site Designed by L-Tron M-Team
Close Menu
××Cart
MenuLaw EnforcementDrivers & DownloadsElectronic Ticketing, eCitationInvestigationsSWAT/TacticalView all Law Enforcement OfferingsGovt/Public SectorChild Protective Services/DSSFire and Arson InvestigationView all Govt Public Sector OfferingsManufacturing & WarehousingIndustrial AutomationTest & MeasurementOEM & System IntegratorsWarehouse and DistributionView all Manufacturing OfferingsAboutResourcesBlogNews and EventsContact UsCall Us (800) 830-9523Contact UsWe’re happy to answer any questions you may have.
Name
Email
Message
Send
7911 Lehigh Crossing
Suite 6
Victor, NY 14564EMAIL:
INFO@L-Tron.com
PHONE:
(800) 830-9523
Tech Support [EXT 115]
Customer Service [EXT 110]FAX:
(585) 383-0701
More Contact Info