http://www.zmc2.com/legal-notices-and-privacy-policy/
Legal NoticesManaging For Success is a registered trademark of Target Training International, Ltd. All rights reserved.Style Analysis; IDS; Internet Delivery Service; MFS Personal Interests, Attitudes and Values; Attribute Index; MFS Sales Strategy Index; OD Surveys; Interactive Insights; Blueprint For Success; MFS Employee-Manager; MFS Work Environment; MFS Time P.L.U.S.; Dynamic Communication; Your Attitude Is Showing; and TriMetrix are all trademarks of Target Training International, Ltd. All rights reserved.Adobe Acrobat Reader is a registered trademark and trademark of Adobe Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.Privacy PolicySharing We do not sell or rent any personal identifiable information we collect about you with any third parties. We may share information that is not personal identifiable information with our partners and advertisers. This information is general demographic information for aggregate use. This information is not provided in any form that is linked to personal identifiable information.We may share personal identifiable information about you in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.Links This web site may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. This information statement applies solely to this web site. If you leave this site, we encourage you to read the privacy statement of each and every web site that you visit in order to determine what personal identifiable information is collected, and how it might be used.Security We take certain precautions in order to preserve your information. When you submit sensitive information via our web site, we protect your information. When our web site asks for sensitive information such as credit card numbers and expiration dates, that information is destroyed after use, or protected off line for those clients being billed regularly for IDS use or other on-going activity for which you have requested scheduled billing to a credit card.Unfortunately, no Internet transmission of data can ever be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Accordingly, we cannot insure or warrant that any information you transmit to us, or receive from us is secure. You transmit all information at your own risk.Modification We may decide to change our privacy policies. If we change our privacy policy, information collected under the previous policy will be used in accordance with the previous privacy policy
Connect
What People Are Saying
Feedback from a Team Advantage workshop - “We are posting our communication do’s and don’ts along with motivators and communication styles on our doors. My team is reviewing a piece of the results report at our weekly staff meetings…really enjoying it. I think it has been very beneficial to my staff, we are really in good sync right now. Thanks again! ” - Pam Brems, Mansour Center Director
"I have had the great pleasure of working with Vicki on several occasions and each time I am more and more impressed and amazed by her ability to bring incredible insight to the people side of our business and its needs. It’s simply amazing! She has the ability to assess exactly what a company needs to do to attract, hire and keep the right people in the right positions. The assessment tools are fantastic, but even better is Vicki’s coaching around the results. If you need help on the “people side” of your business – “putting the right people on the bus” to help your company handle growth efficiently and effectively – then you must call Strategic Human Insights. You’ll be so glad you did!” - Meghan Ritchie, VP, New Business Development Consumer’s Choice of Atlanta
“Vicki has a unique, in depth consultative approach to HR and recruiting initiatives. She analyzes and learns her client’s culture and strategic plans which enables her to recruit and present the highest level of quality niche candidates for the industry that align with the companies’ organizational goals. Vicki was responsible for over 50% of the new hires for our startup organization Advectis, Inc. that was later sold to Xerox Corporation for over $40 million!” - Prudence Green, VP Client Services, Xerox Mortgage Services
“I’m very happy to recommend Strategic Human Insights and the very fine work that Vicki Lauter does for our firm. We have been using Vicki’s firm for the past few years, and it has been a blessing to our organization. Strategic Human Insights has worked with our firm to help streamline our HR and recruiting process. I’m happy to say that we have saved a lot of time and money by utilizing some of the programs that Vicki has to offer. If your firm is looking for a true HR consulting firm, look no further. Vicki is one of the best!” - Michael Peterson Brookmeade Healthcare
“Over the years, I have seen many different professional hire skills assessments. However, the ones Vicki uses at Strategic Human Insights are by far the best I’ve seen. Not only are they insightful, but they are also practical in that they give detailed individual-specific insights into the best environment, management methods and types of work that will allow maximum productivity and morale within an organization. It’s a must for succession planning or optimization of existing organizations. Without a doubt, Vicki is the person you need to call in to make those kinds of decisions.” - Eric Smith, D.E. Smith Engineering and Design
Email
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Twitter
Contact Us