http://www.fifepearce.com/privacy-notice
800.521.1062
info@fifepearce.com
Toggle navigation
Company Profile
Product Catalog
Our Services
Manufacturers
Contact Us
Request For Quote
Request A Quote List
(0)
Request A Quote List
(0)
You have no items in your Request a Quote List.
×
Notification
Search
products
Spring-Set Disc Brakes
AC Motors & AC Controls
DC Motors & DC Controls
Gear Motors
Head Motor Parts
Permanent & Electromagnetic Chucks, Sine Plates & Accessories
Services
Electronic Service & Repair
Motor Repair
Engineering & Design of Industrial Drive Systems
Field Services for Drives
Mechanical Repair Services
Privacy Policy
Fife-Pearce Electric Company respects your privacy and our site visitors information. We do not share, sell or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information CollectedIf you request or submit information to us by sending an email via info@fifepearce.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, email or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only Fife-Pearce Electric Company website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Fife-Pearce Electric Company is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
CookiesFife-Pearce Electric Company website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationFife-Pearce Electric Company may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that Fife-Pearce Electric Company reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Fife-Pearce Electric Company and is effective as of February 06, 2012. This statement does not create an agreement between Fife-Pearce Electric Company and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:Fife-Pearce Electric Company20201 Sherwood StDetroit, Michigan 48234Toll Free: 800.521.1062Tel: 313.369.2560Fax: 313.369.1859Email: info@fifepearce.comWebsite: www.fifepearce.com
Information
About Us
Contact us
Request for Quote
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Products
Spring-Set Disc Brakes
AC Motors & AC Controls
DC Motors & DC Controls
Gear Motors
Head Motor Parts
Permanent & Electromagnetic Chucks, Sine Plates & Accessories
My account
My account
Request A Quote List
Contact Details
Powered by nopCommerce
Copyright © 2020 Fife Pearce Electric Company. All rights reserved.
Site By: SDI Marketing
×Close
Quick View
Close