http://www.cbussuper.com.au/about-us/privacy-statement
Search …
Super
How super works
What we offer
My investment options
My insurance options
Making super contributions
Tax on superannuation
Consolidate or find my super
Accessing my super
Retirement
Retirement planning
What we offer for retirement
My retirement investment options
Manage your account online
Retirement fees and charges
Taxation in retirement
Employers
Why Cbus
Your super obligations
Payment options
Getting started
Employer Online help
Tools and resources
Forms and publications
Fact sheets in other languages
Calculators
Retirement seminars
Advice services
About us
Cbus fund information
Who we are
How we're run
Cbus Property
Careers
Sustainability
Annual Report
News
Support
FAQs
Contact
Complaints
Call us 1300 361 7848am-8pm (AEST/AEDT) Monday to Friday
Privacy statement
At Cbus, we respect and take your privacy seriously. Your privacy matters to us and we know it matters to you. We are committed to protecting and keeping your personal information safe.
Generally we collect your information for the purposes of administering your superannuation, as well as help us to enhance the products and services we offer.
To find out more about the type of information we collect and how we use it, please read our Privacy Policy and Collection Statements below.
Privacy policy
Last updated 1 December 2020
The Trustee is bound by the principles set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (the Act) and must have a Policy regarding its management, storage and protection of personal and sensitive information collected during the administration and management of Cbus that is publicly available.
Privacy matters at Cbus and this Policy reinforces our commitment to safeguarding and protecting your personal information. This Policy may change from time to time. You can also request a hard copy of this Policy free of charge.
What is personal information?
This policy applies to how Cbus manages the personal information of our members, employers and Cbus employees.
Personal information (which includes sensitive information) is any information or an opinion about a person (whether true or not) which could identify a person. It includes information such as name, date of birth, address, employment details, or any combination of information that can identify a person.
Sensitive information includes information or an opinion about a person’s health as well as information or opinion about personal attributes such as membership of organisations like trade unions or associations, ethnicity, religious or political beliefs.
Collection of personal information
We collect personal information primarily about our members and anyone (who is not a member) claiming a benefit from Cbus (potential beneficiaries) or from a person who is acting on behalf of a Cbus member. We also collect information regarding the members’ employers and potential employers.
Cbus may also collect the personal information of employment candidates during the recruitment process and for successful candidates, during their employment with Cbus.
The types of personal information collected by us includes (but is not limited to) your:
name and contact details (address, email address, phone number)
date of birth
financial details and Tax File Number (TFN)
health information
beneficiary details.
Cbus will only collect sensitive information of an individual such as health information where that information is reasonably necessary for Cbus to administer a member’s account and manage their superannuation benefits and retirement income.
How do we collect your personal information?
If you are a member or are acting on behalf of a member we will collect personal information directly from you, when you join, via application or claim forms, over the telephone, via our website, our online portal or mobile app, or in person.
We may collect personal information from you in person at your workplace (Cbus employees conduct site visits to service the needs of Cbus members and Cbus participating employers) or if you come into Cbus’ offices.
We may also collect personal information from your employer as it relates to your superannuation benefits or contribution payment.
Collection of your personal information from your employer may occur either directly or through your employer’s clearing house, including your name, date of birth, contact details, TFN and the date you cease employment.
Sometimes we collect personal information from a third party you would reasonably expect us to collect from, such as an alliance partner (e.g. Members Equity Bank Limited also known as ‘ME’), market research companies, our administrator, service providers and other third parties we may use to improve our products and services.
If you apply for increased or different insurance cover, or make a claim, we may be required to collect your personal information (including sensitive information such as health information) either directly from you or other third parties such as your employer, medical and health professionals, and our insurers to assess the claim. If you are a health care provider we may collect your information during the claims process via our insurer, a member or a member’s representative.
We will collect your personal information from you if you choose to receive financial advice and related services from us.
If you log into our online account facility, we will collect personal information from you to confirm your identity. Using a calculator on our website may also collect personal information.
If you are an Employer, we will collect personal information relating to your main contacts through application forms, employer online portal, clearing house, or directly from you through our Employer Partnership Managers, Business Development Consultants or onsite Co-Ordinators.
If you are a Cbus employee, we collect information from you directly or, with your consent, from referees and service providers who assist with background checks. We also collect information throughout your employment relating to leave, training, payroll, emergency contacts, bank details, and other information relevant to managing your employment and career with Cbus.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
If you are a Cbus member (or becoming a Cbus member) we collect, hold and use your personal information to manage your Cbus superannuation and retirement benefits. This includes establishing your membership and insurance cover (if any), properly paying benefits and assisting with the collection of contributions. Similarly, we will collect, hold and use your personal information if you seek financial advice and related services from us.
Your personal information also enables us to inform you about the important aspects of your membership and to inform you of changes to your membership or new products and services we offer. It also allows us to further develop our products and services to continue to provide you with a member experience to meet your needs. To help enhance our products and services, we may use your information for marketing and research purposes. If you do not wish for this to occur, you may contact Cbus to opt out at any time. You will still receive any regulatory disclosure, such as disclosure relating to changes in your products and annual statements.
We collect, hold and use your TFN for approved purposes.
If you are acting on behalf of a Cbus member we will collect, hold and use your personal information to confirm your authority to act for the member.
If you are not a Cbus member and are eligible to be paid a benefit (for instance if you are eligible to receive a death benefit as a beneficiary) we collect, hold and use your personal information to properly pay you.
If you are a health care provider we collect your personal and sensitive information when handling claims for disability and death benefits as well as for dealing with complaints.
Personal information you provide via our online account facility is collected, held and used to carry out your requests regarding your membership.
If you are an Employer, we collect information in order to manage member benefits relating to your employees and to provide support for Employers to assist their employees in regard to their Cbus membership and contributions. Information is also collected from potential employers in regard to offerings available in the Corporate Super product. This information is used to facilitate discussions and negotiations with these potential employers.
If you are an employee of Cbus, or have applied for a role at Cbus, the information collected is used for managing your employment and career with Cbus, or your job application, respectively.
Disclosure to Third Parties or Service Providers
We may disclose or share your personal information to these third parties or service providers:
our administrator and other third parties they have engaged to assist in providing administration services on behalf of Cbus
our current insurance provider for the purpose of determining insurance cover, underwriting or during the claims process. We may also disclose your personal information to our insurance broker in managing insurance arrangements.
our debt collection service provider Industry Funds Credit Control, to assist in the recovery of outstanding contributions
appointed service providers we need to deal with when undertaking marketing activities, member data analysis, competitions and research
other superannuation fund trustees and administrators if you transfer your super to another fund
online data verification service providers
mail houses to send you information about your account via mail, SMS and email
web hosting companies, web application developers and other technology service providers
service providers administering the Cbus Self Managed investment option
independent consultants, auditors, investigators and lawyers for auditing and legal purposes
your legal representative or other advisers such as financial representatives authorised to act on your behalf, and if required or authorised by law to regulators, tribunals (such as Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA)) or courts when dealing with a dispute
referees and employment screening service providers when considering your application for employment with Cbus
persons that you may either have a personal relationship with such as a family member or friend (where authority is provided over the phone for that specific call or in writing through a third party authority form)
the Financial Planners Association of Australia (FPA) if you consent to participate in the referral program for the provision of personal financial advice.
In accordance with the Trust Deed, to assist in obtaining payment of contributions by your Employer, we may also disclose your personal information to sponsoring organisations or affiliated unions for the purpose of assisting members in determining whether your employer has complied with their obligations to pay superannuation contributions on your behalf. Information is provided in response to a specific request and the information disclosed relates only to payment of contributions by your Employer. Members can opt out at any time should they not wish for their personal information to be disclosed for this purpose.
Disclosure overseas
In some circumstances, personal information collected by Cbus may be disclosed to service providers or stored in data centres located overseas, including:
where they may be connected to the administration of member accounts
where they may provide benefits associated with member accounts.
Information that may be disclosed or stored could include your name, date of birth, address, employment details, financial information, gender or medical details in respect of your Cbus membership or your employment with Cbus.
Some of the services provided by our service providers (or their subcontractors) such as administration or insurance, or systems used may be performed or stored by organisations located in Germany, India, Japan, Philippines, United Kingdom, Ireland, United States of America and New Zealand.
Cbus will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas disclosures and storage are made in a secure manner and that your information is protected.
Internet and mobile app
If you visit our public website, information will be collected which does not identify you. That information is related to your internet service provider, the date and time of visit and the pages visited.
Our website will also collect cookies during your visit. A ‘cookie’ is a piece of data stored on a computer tied to information about the user.
Cbus uses cookies on the secure (HTTPS) and unsecured (HTTP) site to obtain information regarding the use of the Cbus website. By using our website you agree to Cbus’ use of technology of this type.
You can configure your preferences and options in your browser to reject all cookies, however this means you will be unable to view secure pages that require authentication.
If you use any of our online portals, information about your identity, including identity verification systems, and other personal information is collected, stored and securely transferred between Cbus, our administrator and our insurer where appropriate.
How is your personal information stored and protected?
Cbus takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information relating to members, employers and employees is stored and transferred securely in accordance with Australian Privacy Principle 11 and Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) Prudential Standard CPS 234 Information Security, as well as relevant international standards, including International Security Management Standard ISO270011.
Personal information is stored across a number of systems within Cbus and with Third Party Service providers, such as our administrator. When information is transferred between parties, Cbus ensures appropriate security transfer protocols are in place.
Original application and claim forms you submit to us are held at our administrator’s secure document storage facility. We hold and retain member information and documentation in accordance with legal requirements relevant to superannuation.
Personal information you transmit to, or receive from the Cbus website or email is stored in a secure environment by service providers appointed by the Fund. This includes online applications, which collect personal information.
Access to your information, whether personal or sensitive is restricted to staff who require the information to administer your account and provide services to you. A system of passwords and/or different levels of access is used to protect the information held on the system.
Despite these and other security measures, we have also taken precautions to ensure we are prepared to respond appropriately in the event of any loss of or unauthorised access to or disclosure of personal information. This may include containing the incident, remediating the incident, notifying you, APRA and/or the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) (also known as the Privacy Commissioner) as required and updating security protections.
How do you access and update your personal information?
You have the right to request access to the information we hold about you. If your personal information is inaccurate, you have the right to request to have the information corrected.
Requests for access to your information or requests for your information to be corrected should be made to Cbus:
by phoning 1300 361 784
by emailing cbusenq@cbussuper.com.au
in writing to Cbus, Locked Bag 5056, Paramatta NSW 2124.
How can you make a complaint?
If you believe that Cbus has breached your privacy, you can make a complaint to Cbus’ Privacy Officer.
The Privacy Officer will investigate your complaint. We will endeavour to provide a written response to your complaint within 30 days of receipt. However, where a matter requires detailed investigation a response could take longer than 30 days. We will advise you if this is the case.
Find out more about our complaints process.
If you are not satisfied with Cbus’ internal complaints process or have not received a response within 30 days, you can complain to the Information Commissioner. Complaints can be raised with the OAIC in writing via mail, or via the Privacy Complaints form available at the OAIC’s website.
Contact Cbus
Tel: 1300 361 784,8am-8pm AEST/AEDT Monday-Friday
Email: cbusenq@cbussuper.com.au
Mail: PO Box 24231, Melbourne VIC 3001
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218, Sydney, NSW 2001
Tel: 1300 363 992 (local call cost in Australia)
Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Website: www.oaic.gov.au
Download a copy of the Privacy policy (PDF)
1 International Security Management Standard ISO27001 certification is a requirement under the Digital Service Provider Framework of the Australian Tax Office (ATO) for Superannuation Services.
Personal information collection statement
Last updated 1 November 2018
United Super Pty Ltd, as the trustee for Cbus Super (Cbus), collects personal information about members, employer contacts, beneficiaries and other individuals with an interest in a Cbus Super benefit. Our Privacy Policy provides more information on how we hold, use, disclose and protect your personal information.
The personal information collected on any Cbus forms and all other information provided by you to Cbus, the Cbus Super administrator Australian Administration Services Pty Ltd (AAS) (part of the Link Group of Companies) or Cbus Super’s insurers, will be used by Cbus in the manner set out in this Statement.
This Statement may change from time to time. You can also request a hard copy of this Statement free of charge.
What is personal information?
Personal information (which includes ‘sensitive information’) is any information or an opinion about a person (whether true or not) which could identify a person.
The types of personal information that may be collected by us include your:
name and contact details (address, email address, phone number)
date of birth
financial details and Tax File Number (TFN)
health information
beneficiary details
What is sensitive information?
Sensitive information includes information or an opinion about a person’s health, as well as information or opinion about personal attributes such as membership of organisations like trade unions or associations, religious or political beliefs.
Cbus will only collect sensitive information of an individual where that information is reasonably necessary for Cbus to administer a member’s account.
Why we collect this personal information?
We may collect your personal information (including sensitive information) to:
establish and administer your account, including any insurance cover you have
handle insurance applications and claims including identifying eligible beneficiaries for inclusion in a claim-staking process
pay benefits
respond to inquiries, complaints and compliance issues
provide you with financial advice and related services
assist in the collection of employer contributions for your account
with your consent, search for any unclaimed benefits you may have with other super funds or the Australian Tax Office (ATO)
communicate with you about your account and keep you informed about membership opportunities, including products, services, promotions and an online news subscription
for market research and analysis to provide product and service improvement.
If we do not collect all the information we require, we may not be able to do these things. In particular, if you do not provide us with your TFN you may pay more tax than you would otherwise have to.
How do we collect your personal information?
If you are a member or are acting on behalf of a member we will collect personal information directly from you, when you join, via application or claim forms, over the telephone, via our website, or in person.
We may collect personal information from you in person at your workplace (Cbus employees conduct site visits to service the needs of Cbus members and Cbus participating employers).
Collection of your personal information may occur from your employer either directly or through your employer’s clearing house, including your name, date of birth, contact details, tax file number, and the date you cease employment.
Sometimes we collect personal information from a third party you would reasonably expect us to collect from, such as an alliance partner (e.g. Members Equity Bank Limited also known as ‘ME’), market research companies, our administrator AAS (and subsidiaries), service providers and other third parties we may use to improve our products and services.
If you apply for increased or different insurance cover, or make a claim, we may be required to collect your personal (including health information) either directly from you or other third parties such as your employer, medical and health professionals, and our insurers to assess the claim. If you are a health care provider we may collect your information during the claims process via our insurer, a member or a member’s representative.
We will collect your personal information form you if you choose to receive financial advice and related services from us. If you log into our online account facility, we will also collect personal information from you to confirm your identity. Using a calculator on our website may also involve collecting your personal information.
Disclosure to Third Parties or Service Providers
We may disclose or share your personal information to these third parties or service providers:
our administrator AAS and other third parties they have engage to assist in providing administration services on behalf of Cbus
our insurance providers the Dai-Ichi Life Company (Japan) Limited and reinsurer Pacific Life Re (Australia) Pty Ltd and/or Hannover Life Re of Australasia Ltd during the claims process or our insurance broker in managing insurance arrangements. For additional information on how our insurers manage personal information please see TAL's Privacy Policy or Hannover’s Privacy Policies (Australia & New Zealand). Alternatively, you can contact them directly to request a copy
our debt collection service provider Industry Funds Credit Control to assist in recovering any outstanding employer contributions
appointed service providers we need to deal with when undertaking marketing activities, member data analysis, competitions and research
other superannuation fund trustees and administrators if you transfer your super to another fund
online data verification service providers
mail houses to send you information about your account via mail, SMS and email
web hosting companies, web application developers and other technology service providers
service providers administering the Cbus Self Managed investment option, auditors and legal advisors
independent consultants, auditors, investigators and lawyers for auditing and legal purposes
your legal representative or other advisers such as financial representatives authorised to act on your behalf when dealing with claims, and if required or authorised by law to regulators, tribunals (such as AFCA) or courts when dealing with a dispute
to recruiters, referees and employment screening service providers when considering your application for employment with Cbus.
Subject to your informed consent and authorisation, we may also disclose your personal information to:
sponsoring organisations or affiliated unions for the purpose of determining whether your employer has complied with their obligations to pay superannuation contributions on your behalf
persons that the member may either have a personal relationship with such as a family member or friend
the Financial Planners Association of Australia (FPA) if you consent to participate in the referral program for the provision of personal financial advice.
Disclosure overseas
In limited circumstances, personal information collected by Cbus may be disclosed to service providers located overseas, including:
where they may be connected to the administration of member accounts
where they may provide benefits associated with member accounts.
Information that may be disclosed could include your name, date of birth, address, employment details, financial information, gender or medical details in respect of your Cbus membership.
Some of the services provided by our service providers (or their subcontractors) such as administration or insurance may be performed by organisations located in:
Germany
India
Japan
Philippines
United Kingdom
United States of America
Further, in order to administer the Cbus Self Managed investment option some services may be provided out of New Zealand on behalf of Cbus.
Cbus will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas disclosures are made in a secure manner and that your information is protected.
Cookies
If you visit our website, information will be collected which does not identify you. That information is related to your internet service provider, the date and time of visit and the pages visited.
Our website will also collect cookies during your visit. A ‘cookie’ is a piece of data stored on a computer tied to information about the user.
Cbus uses cookies on the secure (HTTPS) and unsecured (HTTP) site to obtain information regarding the use of the Cbus website. By using our website you agree to Cbus’s use of technology of this type.
You can configure your preferences and options in your browser to reject all cookies, however this means you will be unable to view secure pages that require authentication.
Cbus Privacy Policy
Find out more in our Cbus Privacy Policy on how we manage your personal information including :
how your personal information is stored and protected
accessing and seeking to correct your personal information we hold about you
making a complaint about a breach of your privacy by Cbus and how we handle complaints.
Contact Cbus
Tel: 1300 361 784, 8am-8pm AEST/AEDT Monday-Friday
Email: cbusenq@cbussuper.com.au
Mail: Locked Bag 5056, Parramatta, NSW 2124
Download a copy of the Personal information collection statement (PDF)
Back to top
Awards
Get the Cbus app