http://www.haith.co.uk/privacy/
+44 (0) 1302 831911 . sales@haith.co.uk
Menu
Home
Products & Services
Washing & Polishing
Grading
Box & Bag Tipping
Box & Bag Filling
Packhouse Equipment
Brassica Handling
Elevators and Conveyors
Processing & Peeling Equipment
Bulk Feeders
Weighing & Packing Equipment
Waste Water Treatment
Inspection & Sorting
About Us
Our Company
Careers
Case Studies
Agents
Videos
News
Contact
Privacy Statement - UK
We are HAITH GROUP
Made up of the following companies
TICKHILL ENGINEERING CO LTD
HAITH ENGINEERS LTD
HAITH INDUSTRIAL LTD
RAMSEY ENGINEERS (ARMTHORPE) LTD
HAITH MARKETING LTD
Cow House Lane, Armthorpe, Doncaster, South Yorkshire, DN3 3EE
We share your concern about the protection of your personal information and are committed to safeguarding your privacy.
This document covers information we collect about you, whether via our websites: www.haith.co.uk, www.haith-recycling.com, www.haithindustrial.co.uk (our “Websites”), through  our agents or otherwise.
Please read it carefully to understand how your personal information will be treated.
We will be the “controller” of the personal information which you provide to us or which we collect from you.
1. Personal information that we collect
We collect a range of personal information relating to you, including your:
name;
email address;
telephone number;
Bank details, name of bank, sort code, account number
delivery and billing address;
IP address; and any other personal information that you choose to provide to us when you complete our contact forms or otherwise make contact with us.
2. How we use your personal information
We use your personal information as follows:
to maintain our relationship with you whilst you are a customer;
to process orders and provide agreed goods and services to you;
for invoicing, processing payments, account set up and maintenance,
to communicate with you, including to respond to information requests /enquiries submitted and/or to obtain your feedback on our products and services;
for record keeping, statistical analysis and internal reporting and research purposes;
to ensure data security and to provide you with access to secure areas of our Websites;
to notify you about changes to our products and services;
to decide on and notify you about price changes;
to monitor the quality of our products and services;
for logistical purposes, including to plan and log delivery routes;
to investigate any complaint you make;
to provide evidence in any dispute or anticipated dispute between you and us;
to customise various aspects of our Websites to improve your experience;
to obtain credit references, credit checks and for debt collection, fraud detection and prevention and risk management purposes;
to protect the rights, property, and/or safety of Haith Group, its personnel and others.
Marketing
We may send you direct marketing in relation to our own products and services by phone, email and post, as long as this is in line with any marketing preferences that you have provided to us.
We will only send you direct marketing in relation to our own products and services by email, post or SMS:
where you have consented to this; or
where you have not objected to this, and we are marketing similar products and services to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. Your agreement to the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes is optional and if you choose not to consent, your visit to and use of our Websites will not be affected. You can choose to opt out of receiving direct marketing information from us at any time,  by contacting Haith Group
by mail – Haith Group, Cow House Lane, Armthorpe, Doncaster, South Yorkshire, DN3 3EE
by email – sales@haith .co.uk
by telephone – + 00 44 (0)1302 831911
by filling in the sales enquiry form on our Websites.
3. Automated decision making/profiling
Credit Checks
We use technology provided by the credit reference agencies.
Haith will processes personal information that you provide to us, in order to analyse your creditworthiness, which helps us to decide if we are able to offer you an account, through which you can purchase products and services from Haith Group, by phone, or using one of our agents.
If you pass our credit checks, you will be entitled to open an account with us and order any of our products and services in accordance with our General Conditions of Sale.
Google
We use Google for a variety of marketing services, including the Google Customer Match service which matches your email address as provided to us, with information held in your Google account (if you have one) in order to enable Google to show you adverts for our products and services when you are searching on Google, using Google’s search network, shopping function, on YouTube or on Gmail. Other marketing services of Google’s we use include:
Google Search which places our adverts within search results; Google Display Network which makes available to us advert space on third party websites; and Google Remarketing which places Haith adverts on third party websites following a user having visited a Haith website. These services use cookies (and in some instances information held in your Google account, if you have one)  in order to build profiles about you, for the purposes of providing you with personalised adverts. See section 7 below for further details on cookies.
You can find out more about how your personal information may be used in connection with Google’s advertising functions and options for opting out here: https://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads/
4. Legal basis for processing
In terms of the legal bases we rely on to process your personal information, these are as follows:
where you have provided your consent: for direct marketing communications in respect of our own products and services, including in respect of marketing communications sent by electronic means (e.g. email and SMS);
for the performance of a contract with you (such as a contract for the provision of good and services) or to take steps at your request prior to entering into this contract;
to comply with legal obligations, including in relation to health and safety and environmental legislation, performing anti- money laundering, terrorism prevention and sanctions screening checks, complaints and investigations or litigation;
to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person, e.g. where you or they are seriously injured or ill, or
for our legitimate interests in:
- management of your account (including processing payments) and our relationship with you, and communicating with you;
- operating our Websites;
- sending direct marketing in respect of our own products and services where you have not provided your consent and the marketing communication is sent by non-electronic means (e.g. post or telephone); processing orders and supplying our products and services; and
- our internal business purposes which may include processing for the purposes of: record keeping,
research, reporting and statistics, data security, to ensure the quality of our products and services, investigating and responding to queries and complaints, obtaining credit references and credit checks, providing payment performance data to credit reference agencies, changing our pricing,debt collection, fraud detection and prevention, risk
management, recruitment and training of our personnel, and protecting our rights, property and safety (and that of others). You can object to processing carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests at any time by emailing: sales@haith.co.uk.
5. How we share your personal information
When we use your personal information for the purposes specified above, we may also share it with other companies in the Haith Group and Haith Agents. In addition, we may share your personal information with:
• third party provider(s) who provide the following types of services to us: marketing, market research, warehousing and logistics, software, recruitment and customer relationship management;
third party providers in order for us to process payments that are due to us, in doing so we provide bank details to such providers;
Third party service providers and agents we appoint as our sales agents or to perform services on our behalf, who are provided with access to certain Haith Group customer account details in order to process sales or provide
services on our behalf:
third party advertising partners, such as Google in order for them to assist us in providing you with targeted adverts
licensed credit reference agencies, debt collection agencies and lawyers when we carry out credit checks, to report on your payment performance and/or or seek to recover debts due to us;
our accountants, auditors, lawyers or similar advisers when we ask them to provide us with professional advice;
emergency services in the event that we need to report accidents or incidents or request emergency assistance;
any Government Department, public body or other third party where we believe in good faith that the law requires this; in the interests of public health and safety; or in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of Haith Group, its employees or others;
investors and other relevant third parties in the event of an actual or potential sale or other corporate transaction related to Haith Group;
any other third parties, if authorised by you to do so. We ensure that, where your personal information is transferred to any country outside the European Economic Area this is done using “model clauses” (standard contractual clauses which have been approved by the European Commission as providing adequate safeguards to enable personal data to be transferred outside the European Economic Area) or other specific legally-approved safeguards.
The performance of services by our third party service provider(s) may be subject to a separate privacy statement provided to you by the relevant third party. You should read any such statement carefully.
6. How long we keep your personal information
We retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is collected. When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including:
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
(potential) disputes, and
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your information once this is no longer needed.
8. Links to third party websites
Our Websites contain links to other Internet websites. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, including such sites‘ use of any personal information. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with our Websites (or who claims association with our Websites) who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact sales@haith.co.uk
9. Security
We use reasonable security methods to protect the personal information that we process, including Internet standard encryption technology (“SSL“ or “Secure Socket Layer“ technology) to encode personal information that you send
to us through our Websites. SSL works by using a private key to encrypt data that‘s transferred over the SSL connection. To check that you are in a secure area of the Website before sending personal information to us, please look at the bottom right of your website browser and check that it  displays an image of a closed padlock or an unbroken key.However, please note that whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the
personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer to us
over the Internet.
10. Your rights
The following section explains your rights. The various rights are not absolute and each is subject to certain exceptions or qualifications. We will grant your request only to the extent that it follows from our assessment of your request that we are allowed and required to do so under data protection laws. Nothing in this Privacy Statement is intended to provide you with rights beyond or in addition to your rights as a data subject under data protection laws.
The right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your personal information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Statement.
The right of access
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information (if we’re processing it), and other certain information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Statement) about how it is used. This is so you’re aware and can check that we’re using your personal information in accordance with data protection law. We can refuse to provide information where to do so may reveal personal information about another person or would otherwise negatively impact another person‘s rights.
The right to rectification
You can ask us to take reasonable measures to correct your personal information if it’s inaccurate or incomplete. E.g. if we have the wrong date of birth or name for you.
The right to erasure
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your personal information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep using it or its
Our Agents
Agents for Haith machinery & equipment, worldwide
Find an Agent
Vegetable Handling Systems
built in the light of experience
+44 (0) 1302 831911
sales@haith.co.uk
Copyright © Haith Tickhill Group of Companies . Privacy Statement . Cookies
Company Registered in UK Number: 00809228, VAT No: GB 181 7026 71