https://www.hermanmiller.com/legal/terms-of-use/
Free Shipping on Performance Seating
Store
Contract
Where to Buy
Customer Service
Contact Us
United States
Products
Solutions
Resources
Research
Stories
Work from Home
Seating
Seating
Office Chairs
Side Chairs
Stacking Chairs
Stools
Lounge Seating
Benches
Outdoor Seating
All Seating
Gaming
Smart Office
Smart Office
Wellness App
Live Platform
Desks and Workspaces
Desks and Workspaces
Workstations
Private Office
Desks
Collaborative Furniture
Sit-to-Stand
Benching
All Desks and Workspaces
Tables
Tables
Conference Tables
Sit-to-Stand Tables
Training Tables
Dining Tables
Occasional Tables
Outdoor Tables
All Tables
Storage
All Storage
All Storage
Space Division
Space Division
Room Dividers
Phone Booths and Office Pods
Privacy Screens
Freestanding Screens
All Space Division
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare Casework
Nurses Stations
Healthcare Seating
Healthcare Carts and Storage
Healthcare Technology Support
Healthcare Casegoods
Healthcare Tables
Waiting Area Seating
Waiting Area Tables
All Healthcare
Accessories
Accessories
Technology Support
Power Access
Lighting
Desk Accessories
Decor
All Accessories
Portfolios
Overview
Collection
Thrive Ergonomic Portfolio
Elements
Living Office
Overview
People
Placemaking
Furnishings
Magazine
Small and Medium Business
Overview
Working with Us
Case Studies
Home
Home
Healthcare
Applications
Exam Rooms
Patient Rooms
Nurses Stations
Healthcare Seating
Waiting Areas
Administrative Areas
Laboratories
Materials Management
Pharmacies
Education
Applications
Common Spaces
Learning Spaces
Libraries
Government
Overview
U.S. Federal
U.S. State and Local
Workplace Services
Overview
Smart Office Services
Workplace Consulting
Images
Images
Search Images
3D Models and Planning Tools
Overview
Product Models
Planning Ideas
Symbol Libraries
FAQ
Materials
Materials
Search Materials
COVID-19 Resources
New and Notable
Application Charts
Custom Materials
Chip Charts
Resources
Courses (CEUs)
Overview
Offering
Contacts
link
link
link
0 Matches found
Search
Overview
Legal
Corporate Code of Conduct
Better World Policy
Distribution Rights
Discrimination and Harassment
EEO and Affirmative Action
Related Party Transactions
Insider Trading
Whistleblower and Non-Retaliation Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Conflict Minerals
Product Warranty
Trademarks
Patents
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Exercise Your Rights
Accessibility Statement
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Overview
Terms of Use
Last Update: March 24, 2020
The following Terms of Use (“Terms”) governs the relationship between you and Herman Miller, Inc. and governs your use of HermanMiller.com Websites (each as defined herein) (each, a “Site,” collectively, the “Sites”). The Sites are owned and operated by Herman Miller on behalf of itself and for its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Herman Miller,” “We” or “Us”). These Terms do not affect your statutory rights. By accessing, using, or registering for a Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and govern all transactions via the Site or over a telephone. If you are unwilling to be bound by these Terms, you should not access, use, or register for a Site.  Please also consult our Privacy Policy for a description of our privacy practices and policies and our Store Terms of Use for additional terms governing your transactions, each of which (Privacy Policy and the Store Terms of Use) are expressly incorporated herein. We also recommend that you print and retain a copy of these Terms for future reference.
GOVERNING LAW CONTACT INFORMATION CHANGES ACCESS PROHIBITED BEHAVIOR USER-GENERATED CONTENT SOCIAL MEDIA TAG USAGE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY AUTHORIZED USE DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PRODUCT INFORMATION INDEMNIFICATION SECURITY TERMINATION COPYRIGHT ENFORCEMENT MISCELLANEOUS
Governing Law Our US websites are governed and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States and are intended for the use of residents of the United States.
Contact Information
Address
Herman Miller, Inc. 855 East Main Ave. Zeeland, MI 49464
Customer Service
Email: customercare@hermanmiller.com Subject: "Contact Us Form: Customer Service" Phone: 888 443 4357 Fax: 616 654 3085
Personal Data Management Contact
Email: privacyinquiry@hermanmiller.com Subject: "Contact Us Form: Personal Data Management"
For issues regarding the Site, you may contact us by using this link.
Changes We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time without notice to you, including imposing a fee to access certain materials contained on the Sites. Any change in these Terms are effective immediately upon posting. Accordingly, Herman Miller recommends that you read these Terms carefully each time you visit a Site. Any use of the Site after changes have been made shall be deemed acceptance of those changed Terms.
Access You acknowledge and agree that the Site, including the accessibility, hours of use, and any and all features and content available via the Site and any User Content (as defined below), may be modified by Us, in Our sole discretion, at any time without prior notice. We may restrict access to any or all portions of the Site or remove any information or content from the Site at any time. All such modifications are subject to these Terms.
Prohibited Behavior You may not, and your use of the Site may not:
violate any applicable local, state, national, or international statute, regulation, or law;
impersonate or use the identity of another person or organization, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or organization;
engage in any activities or manipulate identifying material to misrepresent the origin of content;
interfere with or otherwise limit the use of the Site by other users; or collect, compile, or store personal information about other users of the Site;
share your account with anyone else, including giving your password to another person;
disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Site or the systems resources; accounts; usernames and passwords; servers; or networks connected to or accessible through the Site;
modify the information found on the Site;
use the Site for commercial purposes; or
upload, post, use, or otherwise make available any content that:
is false, misleading, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or content that could otherwise be considered to be objectionable;
is subject to any disclosure restrictions;
infringes or otherwise violates any patent, copyright, trademark, or any other proprietary rights;
is unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials, including without limitation, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of solicitation;
contains software viruses or any other corrupt computer code, files or programs that impair the use of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
User-Generated Content From time to time, the Sites permit the submission of content such as comments, blogs and product reviews generated by you and other users (collectively called “User Content”).
You are solely responsible for your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. Any User Content or other material, information or ideas that you submit to or post or publish on the Sites is non-confidential and non-proprietary.
By submitting User Content, you represent and warrant to Herman Miller that: (i) your User Content does not violate any copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent or other intellectual property right, any right of privacy or publicity of any third party or any applicable law, rule or regulation; (ii) you own or have the legal right to use and authorize Herman Miller to use your User Content, including written consent to use of any product or the name, voice, likeness or any other applicable personal rights of each identifiable person featured or referenced in your User Content; and (iii) your User Content does not violate Herman Miller’s Acceptable Use Policy set forth below.
As between you and Herman Miller, you will retain all of your ownership rights in and to your User Content. By submitting User Content to Herman Miller, you hereby grant to Herman Miller a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, edit, modify, translate, reformat, prepare derivative works based upon, display publicly, perform publicly and otherwise exploit (including but not limited to over the internet, broadcast television or any other uses or media) your User Content, in whole or in part, including future rights that Herman Miller (or its successor) may otherwise become entitled to that do not yet exist, as well as new uses, media, means and forms of exploitation throughout the universe exploiting current or future technology yet to be developed. You also hereby grant each user of the Sites a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Sites and to use, access, watch, reproduce, distribute, transmit, forward, display and perform such User Content in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by the Sites under these Terms of Use.
Herman Miller does not endorse any User Content or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein. Herman Miller reserves the right but is not obligated to monitor User Content or other content sent to or through the Sites. Herman Miller has the right to refuse, remove, edit or delete any User Content and terminate any user’s access to the Sites for any reason. Herman Miller takes no responsibility for User Content.
Social Media Tag Usage BY USING #HMATHOME, #YESHERMANMILLER OR TAGGING @HERMANMILLER AND ANY OTHER SIMILAR SOCIAL MEDIA TAG IN ANY WAY RELATED TO ANY OF THE SITES, EACH USER AGREES TO PROVIDE HERMAN MILLER WITH AN UNRESTRICTED, IRREVOCABLE, ROYALTY-FREE, PERPETUAL, FULLY PAID-UP, TRANSFERABLE, WORLDWIDE LICENSE TO USE THE UPLOADED IMAGE(S) IN ANY AND ALL MARKETING MATERIALS, ON SPONSOR’S WEBSITES AND THROUGH ALL SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS. EACH USER REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT UPLOADED IMAGES DO NOT INFRINGE THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO COPYRIGHTS AND TRADEMARK RIGHTS.
Acceptable Use Policy By submitting User Content and otherwise using the Sites, you agree not to: (i) submit any User Content that is protected by or otherwise subject to any third party intellectual property or proprietary rights (including any privacy and publicity rights) unless you own or have permission from the rightful owner of such rights to post such User Content and to grant Herman Miller all of the rights granted herein; (ii) upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (iii) use the Sites to harm any person or entity, including Herman Miller; (iv) impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to a representative of Herman Miller, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (v) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted to or through the Sites; (vi) upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail or any other form of solicitation; (vii) upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any content that contains computer viruses or other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Sites or any other computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (viii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international laws, rules or regulations, including but not limited to those promulgated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Securities and Exchange Commission; (ix) collect, store or use personal information about other users of the Sites without their consent; (x) use the Sites (including through submission of User Content) to disparage or make unsubstantiated claims about any person, third party or their products or services; (xi) use any of the Sites in any manner that could overburden or impair any of the Sites or the networks or systems connected to the Sites; or (xii) use any device, software or instrumentality to interfere with the proper working of the Sites or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites. You also agree that you will not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Sites. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Herman Miller reserves the right to investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who have participated in such violations.
Authorized Use All content, information, data, and other material contained on the Site, including without limitation, all trademarks, the “look and feel” of the Site, its color combinations, layout, and all other graphical elements, and all original content, are protected by one or more copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and/or other proprietary rights owned or licensed by Us and which are protected under the laws of the State of Michigan, the United States, foreign jurisdictions, and/or international treaties. The Site, its content, and all related rights remain our exclusive property or the property of the licensors of such content unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing. We grant you a limited right to use the content on the Site as follows (“Authorized Use”):
you may reproduce the Site content solely for your personal, noncommercial, educational, and informational use, and only if you keep such reproduced content intact with proper attribution and display of the copyright notice;
Architects and designers may download and use the photo gallery portion of the Site in connection with bids or requests for proposals for the sale by Us and Our authorized dealers of Our furniture and products to customers;
internal training and for seminars.
In connection with your Authorized Use, you may download or print content, provided you do not, without Our express written consent, modify or delete any of the information, including any proprietary notices. Except as otherwise set forth herein or subject to Our written consent, no other permission is granted to you to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, license, transfer, sell, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify any of the content. In addition, you may not transfer any content to another person, "frame" or "in-line link" the content, "deep link" to any content within the Site, or "mirror" the Site or content therein on any other server. Except as expressly set forth herein, use of the Site does not constitute a grant of any license or other right to use or exploit any of these proprietary rights.
Media should contact Corporate Communications at media_relations@hermanmiller.com for permission to use the copyrighted information.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability Although We have attempted to provide accurate information on the Site, We are not responsible for and make no guarantee or warranty, expressed or implied, as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of that information and assume no responsibility for any typographical errors or omissions therein, including with respect to availability, content, pricing, or product images. We do not represent or warrant that the Site or content contained there is appropriate for or applicable to use outside of the applicable territory in which is offered or made available. YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO HERMAN MILLER’S WARRANTY FOR PRODUCTS PURCHASED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STORE TERMS, YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE, ANY CONTENT CONTAINED WITHIN, AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED,  INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, WHICH ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED. WE, OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, AND SERVICE PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF ANY USE, INABILITY TO USE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT ON THE SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COMPENSATORY, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE), EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. HERMAN MILLER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT ARE FREE FROM ERRORS, VIRUSES, BUGS, OR OTHER HARMFUL OR MALICIOUS ELEMENTS.
Third-Party Content This Site may contain third-party content and links to other websites, and third-party websites may link to the Site (collectively, “Third Party Content”). We do not review or monitor nor are responsible for such Third Party Content. Any mention on the Site of products or services provided by third parties is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation by Us or create a relationship with Us. We disclaim any liability with respect to your use of any such Third Party Content, and you release Us from any liability related to your use of any Third Party Content. Third Party Content may be subject to different and additional terms and conditions, privacy, and other terms. Any dealings among you and any third parties are solely between you and such third parties.
Product Information Certain products displayed on the Site are available while supplies last, and We cannot guarantee that any product displayed on the Site is available at the time it is displayed. In some cases, products may not be available at particular stores or in particular locations.
Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify, and otherwise hold Us and our successors and assigns, our officers, directors, agents, employees, assigns, third-party content providers, and service partners, harmless from and against any causes of action, including any claims, demands, losses, fees, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), costs, liabilities, and damages related to or arising out of your use of the Site.
Security You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site. We will investigate occurrences of possible violations and will cooperate with all applicable law-enforcement authorities in prosecuting violators. You are required to enter a user name and password to access secured extranets. In order to protect against unauthorized access to your account, it is recommended that you close the browser when you have finished using the Site.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, but not limited to:
Gaining unauthorized access to any portion, feature, or services offered by or through the Site, or any related systems, servers, or networks connected to the Site by hacking, password "mining", or any other unauthorized means;
Scanning or testing the vulnerability of the Site or a system, server, or network connected to the Site;
Breaching the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site;
Performing reverse look-ups or tracing any information, personal or otherwise, of Us, any other User, User's account, the Site or otherwise exploit any service or information made available by or through the Site. You may obtain your own personal information obtained by Us according to Our Privacy Policy.
Taking any action that unreasonably or disproportionately burdens the Site’s infrastructure, related systems, servers, or networks; or
Using any device, software, or other method to interfere or attempt to interfere with the normal performance, transactions conducted, or with any other person's use of the Site.
Termination We may terminate your access to the Site or cancel or suspend your account at any time if you breach or encourage others to breach these Terms in any way or engage in conduct that We deem inappropriate. Upon such termination or suspension, any Authorized Use granted herein terminates automatically without notice to you.
Copyright Enforcement We honor the intellectual property rights of others and ask the same of you. We may, in Our sole discretion, terminate your account or access rights if your actions infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe your work has been infringed, please provide Us with the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed, or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Us to identify the material;
Information that is reasonably sufficient to permit Us to contact the complaining party, such as address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in a manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We can be contacted at the above address under the Contact Information section.
Miscellaneous These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Us and you regarding the subject matter hereof. Any previous agreement, whether oral or written, between Us and you dealing with the subject matter hereof is superseded. If any portion of these Terms are found to be unenforceable for any reason, such portion will be deemed severed and will not affect the enforceability of the remaining terms. Upon your breach of these Terms, We may pursue any legal or equitable remedy available, including but not limited to, direct, consequential, and punitive damages and injunctive relief. Our remedies are cumulative and not exclusive. Our failure to exercise any remedy or enforce any portion of these Terms at any time shall not operate as a waiver of any remedy or of the right to enforce any portion of the Terms at any time thereafter. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or action arising out of or regarding these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. We make no representation that the content of the Site is appropriate or available for use in all locations. You are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws. Any dispute arising out of these Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan, U.S.A., notwithstanding any conflicts of law principles. Any action relating to these Terms must be filed and maintained in a state or federal court located in the State of Michigan, U.S.A., and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts for such purpose.
Herman Miller
About
Awards
Better World
Brands
Careers
Investors
Partners
Press
Our Designers
Our Story
Purpose and Values
Timeline
Videos
For Home
Living Spaces
For Business
Research
Living Office
Small Business Program
Enterprise eCommerce
For Education
Research
Education Solutions
For Government
Federal
State and Local
For Healthcare
Research
Healing Spaces
Get Help
Customer Service
Care and Assembly
Chair Adjustments
FAQ
Warranty
Catalog Opt Out
Nelson Product Recall
Contacts
Contact Us
A+D Representatives
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Shop
Herman Miller Store
Stores
Find a Dealer
Showrooms
Accounts
Account Sign-in
Store Account
Shop the Store
Sign up for our newsletter
Email sign up
Follow Us
United States
© 2020 Herman Miller, Inc.
Privacy
Cookies
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms
Accessibility
Legal
CA Supply Chains Act
Sitemap
Site Feedback
A Herman Miller Group Company
Herman Miller
Colebrook Bosson Saunders
Design Within Reach
Geiger
HAY
Maars Living Walls
Maharam
Naughtone
Nemschoff