https://www.mistral.com/privacy-policy/
SUP
Hardboards
Inflatables
Twin air technology
Paddles
WindSUP
Twin air technology
Levu & Fiji
Sunburst
Rigs
Starter revival sails
Windsurf
Twin air technology
Twin air surf boards
Mistral CarboWing
Freeride boards
Fun / starter boards
Windsurfer LT
Freeride zonda sails
Starter revival sails
Wetsuits
Scrapbook
Scrapbook 2020 Bloemendaal NL
Scrapbook 2020 Norway
Scrapbook 2019 Fuerteventura
Scrapbook 2019
Sardinia Italy
Scrapbook 2019
Mallorca Spain
Scrapbook 2019 Mistral & Mango
Scrapbook 2018 Brazil
Scrapbook 2018 Autumn Netherlands
Scrapbook 2018 Spring Netherlands
Scrapbook 2018 Holopuni Tahiti
Scrapbook 2018 Hayling Island UK
Scrapbook 2018 Bergen Netherlands
Scrapbook 2018 Air France Tahiti
Scrapbook 2017 Miss Holland
Scrapbook 2017 Ameland Netherlands
Scrapbook 2016 Borneo Indonesia
Scrapbook 2016 Ibiza Spain
Scrapbook 2016 Mauritius
Scrapbook 2012 Sardinia Italy
Scrapbook 2011 Maui Hawaï
Scrapbook Robby Naish
Scrapbook Eighties
Scrapbook Apparel Eighties
Teamriders
Lifestyle
Apparel
Functional wear
Hardware
Heritage
Blog
Mistral Blog
Mistral Events
SUP 11 City Tour
FAQ
Windsurfing
The paddle
Inflatable technology
Inflatable wisdom
FAQ re Laminated Hard Boards
Shop
Contact
Meet the team
search
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
E-mail
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
the information provided by you to us during your use of the services, or otherwise when using the website will be held by us on our servers and computers and used by us to review, develop and improve the website and on-line services and to enable us to provide you with relevant information as requested by you and also information concerning our marketing programmes.
We may inform you from time to time about new features and services which we believe may be of interest to you. Should you not wish to receive such information from mistral international or mistral red dot or from an affiliated third party you may so elect by indicating on the enquiry reply form or otherwise when using the website your desire not to receive such additional information.
we will not sell your personal information. However, we may disclose information or data which is provided by you on the enquiry reply form or otherwise when using the website to other companies or organisations, carefully selected by us, who may send information to you from time to time. If you do not want your information or data to be used or disclosed in this way, you may so elect by indicating on the enquiry reply form or otherwise when using the website your desire not to receive such additional information.
Due to the nature of the internet, the information and data provided by you may be transferred outside the country where it is submitted to us. If you are submitting such information or data from a country within the european economic area (“Eea”) it is possible that it will be transferred outside the eea.
we will not hold such information or data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy statement.
The website may include hyperlinks to other websites. Your use of such hyperlinks is subject to this policy statement. If you use the hyperlinks then you will be leaving the website. Your access and use of other websites will not be governed by this policy statement and it is your responsibility to check the other websites and the privacy policies that may govern those sites to ascertain how your information and data will be treated if you access and use them.
you have the right to request access to and/or the correction or deletion of any personal information about you held by us.
If you have any questions concerning this data protection and privacy policy please contact us.
By accepting this policy statement you consent to the use (including processing and storage), transfer and disclosure of your information and data referred to in this policy statement for the purposes set out in this policy statement.
Mistral respects your privacy and wants to make you comfortable with our privacy policy and the security measures we take to protect your personal information.
Privacy Statement
If you give Mistral information we will treat it according to this policy and encourages you to read the privacy policy.
Consent To Policy & Updates to Policy
By using the Mistral Website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Mistral as set forth in the policy below. Mistral reserves the unilateral right to update, modify, change and alter its privacy policy. All such updates, modifications, changes and alterations are binding on all users and browsers of the Mistral Site and will be posted here.
Types and Uses of Personal Information
Mistral collects personally identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, e-mail address, phone numbers, etc. when a visitor to Mistral website fills out a form. Mistral does not require this information to obtain access to any part of the site that is open to the public.
Third Parties
Authorized third parties may need access to some of your personal information. For example, if Mistral needs to ship a product to you, Mistral must share your name and address with a shipping company. Mistral limits such third parties in their access and use of your personal information. Mistral does not otherwise share your personal information with third parties, unless you grant Mistral permission to do so.
Your rights as a consumer
you have the following rights according to:
art. 15 GDPR, the right to obtain information about your personal data which we process, within the scope described therein;
art. 16 GDPR, the right to immediately de- mand rectification of incorrect or completion of your personal data stored by us;
art. 17 GDPR, the right to request erasure of your personal data stored with us, unless fur- ther processing is required
to exercise the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation; – for reasons of public interest or
for establishing, exercising or defending legal claims;
art. 18 GDPR, the right to request restriction of processing of your personal data, insofar as
the accuracy of the data is contested by you;
the processing is unlawful, but you refuse their erasure;
we no longer need the data, but you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or
you have lodged an objection to the pro- cessing in accordance with art. 21 GDPR;
art. 20 GDPR, the right to receive your per- sonal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine- readable format or to request its transmission to another controller;
art. 77 GDPR, the right to complain to a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority at your habitual place of residence or workplace or at our company headquarters.
Questions about data protection and security please fill in the form and we get back at you as soon as possible.
E-mail advertising if you subscribe to the newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will regularly send you our e-mail newsletter based on your consent according to Art. 6 (1) 1 lit. a) GDPR, using the data required or disclosed by you separately for this purpose. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter service at any time. For this purpose you can either send a message to the contact option specified below or use the opt-out link in the newsletter. Upon unsubscription, we will delete your email address unless you have expressly consented to the further use of your data or we reserve the right to further use your personal data in the scope and manner permitted by the law, of which we inform you in this notice.
if you do not subscribe to the newsletter and your right to opt out
If we receive your e-mail address in connection with the sale of a product or service and you have not opted out and you are not a consumer who has his habitual residence in Poland, we reserve the right to regularly email you offers for products from our product range that are similar to those you have already purchased. This serves the protection of our legitimate interests in promoting and advertising our products to customers that are overriding in the process of balancing of interests.
You can opt out of this use of your email address at any time by sending a message to the contact or by using the opt-out link in the advertising email, without incurring any costs beyond the cost of transfer calculated at the base rates.”
how we use cookies on our website
We use cookies and similar tools across our websites to improve their performance and enhance your user experience.
This policy explains how we do that.
what are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your device the next time you visit. Web beacons or other similar files can also do the same thing. We use the term “Cookies” in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way.
there are many functions cookies serve. For example, they can help us to remember your username and preferences, analyse how well our website is performing, or even allow us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
certain cookies contain personal information – for example, this website uses a cookie that stores your member id to avoid asking for login info each time you visit. Most cookies won’t collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our websites, or a user’s general location.
what cookies do we use?
Generally, our cookies perform one of three different functions:
1. Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our website. For example, some cookies allow us to identify customers and ensure they can access any customer only pages. If a subscriber opts to disable these cookies, the user will not be able to access all of the content that they are entitled to.
2. Performance cookies
We utilise other cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance. This allows us to provide a high quality experience by customising our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise. For example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. We might also use these cookies to highlight articles or site services that we think will be of interest to you based on your usage of the website.
3. Functionality cookies
We use functionality cookies to allow us to remember your preferences. For example, cookies save you the trouble of typing in your username every time you access the site, and recall your customisation preferences, such as which regional edition of the website you want to see when you log in.
we also use functionality cookies to provide you with enhanced services such as allowing you to watch a video online or comment on a blog.
we use or allow third parties to serve cookies that fall into the categories above. For example, like many companies, we use outside vendors (e.G. Google analytics, webtrends) to help us monitor our website traffic. We may also use third party cookies to help us with market research, revenue tracking, improving site functionality and monitoring compliance with our terms and conditions and copyright policy.
security of your data
When you are visiting our website or order products on our webshop the protection and security of your data is very important for us.
If you have questions about data protection you contact us on the form below.
Data protection and security
NameEmail*
PhoneQuestions about data
Stay informed
Newsletter
Share this
The Mistral website use functional cookies to ensure an optimal experience when visiting our website. We also track the use of our website by placing analytical cookies, with those we can trace (anonymous) user patterns. For other cookies you have to give us your permission. By accepting this cookie message you accept social media cookies, allowing you to share content from the Mistral website and watch embedded video's of Facebook and Youtube. These cookies allows other parties to track your surfing behaviour on the internet. Read more about this in our cookie statement.
ACCEPTREJECT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled