http://www.sightandsound.ie/privacy-policy/
Phone: +353 (1) 2953020Email: info@sightandsound.ieGeneral statementWe respect your right to privacy. Visitors are advised that each time they visit a Website, two general levels of information about their visit can be retained. The first level comprises statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the site. The second is information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information.The statistical and analytical information provides general and not individually specific information about the number of people who visit this Website; the number of people who return to this site; the pages that they visit; where they were before they came to this site and the page in the site at which they exited. This information helps us monitor traffic on our Website so that we can manage the site’s capacity and efficiency. It also helps us to understand which parts of this site are most popular and generally to assess user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site.Through this Website you may have an opportunity to send us information, such as through the “registration” pages or any other area where you may send e-mails, provide feedback, etc. By choosing to participate in these, you will be providing us with some level of personal information relating to you. This information will only be used by this site for:the purposes for which it was provided by you;verification purposes and statistical analysis; marketing and administration purposes.Collection and use of personal informationPersonal information: information that is associated with your name or personal identity. The this site Website does not collect any personal data about you on this Website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example, by emailing us, or registering with us). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by this site only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.If a customer triggers their rights (as per GDPR) and requests Sight and Sound to delete any or all of their personal details, an admin at Sight and Sound can quickly and easily delete all information currently held on this customer by accessing Podio (our CRM) and deleting the data permanently. This data and any trace of the data is purged.Collection and use of non-personal informationNon-personal information: data collected for statistical purposes which is not associated with a specific identity. This site collects and analyses technical information in order to evaluate our Website. The type of technical information we log is confined to the following:The IP address*1 of the visitor’s Web server The top-level domain-name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net) The pages visited on the this site Website, i.e. URL’s*2 visited The previous Website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used Clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this Website (for example, pages accessed) *1 An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.*2 A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. ©
Sight & Sound. All Rights Reserved. Design & Development by boom22