http://www.crgrp.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Information We Collect
We recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information that we collect on our Web sites to provide you with a superior shopping experience and to communicate with you about products and services.
Information Automatically Collected
We automatically receive and collect certain types of information whenever you visit our web site. For example, like many web sites, we use “cookies” and web beacons (described below) and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our web sites. This information includes the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer, your browser software and operating system, your web server, the date and time you access our site, session information (such as download errors and page response times), information about your viewing, search and purchase history and information about the referring URL and the URL clickstream to, through, and from our web sites. We use this information to monitor the usage and performance of our site, to enhance our customers’ search and shopping experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.
Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
We protect all of your information against unauthorized access or release, and other than with our sister company CRG Industries, we do not share your information with third parties.
Compliance with Law, Protection of Property or Safety Rights
We will disclose account and other personal information when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or other policies or user agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our business, our users, or others.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. We reserve the right to modify or amend this policy at any time. If we ever change our privacy policy, we will post any changes on this page or send you an email so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Unless we clearly state otherwise, the changes to our privacy policy will affect only the information we collect after the effective date of the change.
Your Comments
We welcome your feedback. If you have questions or comments about our privacy policies, feel free to use our contact form to drop us an e-mail, or write us at:
Cornerstone Research Group, Inc.
Privacy Officer
510 Earl Blvd.
Miamisburg, OH 45342
Map and Directions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Contact Us
CRG, Inc.,
510 Earl Blvd, Miamisburg, OH 45342
937.320.1877
Copyright © 2020 Cornerstone Research Group, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Search this web site
Search for:
Search
Affiliates and SubsidiariesSpintech
Advantic
Kineticure
Lectratek
Recent News
The DBJ publishes article about Lectratek
DDN publishes article about the launch of Lectratek
CRG launches new eAviation company: Lectratek
CRG a partner in developing space technologies
CRG lands key zoning approval for new defense work
News Categories
2014
2015
2016
2017
2019
2020
Aerospace Systems Center
Affiliates & Subsidiaries
Awards
Business Activities
Careers
Community Activities
Corporate Culture
High-Temp Composites Center
Patents
Power and Energy Center
Products
Technology