http://www.grivel.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Company
Who we areSustainabilityHistoryDistributorsPartnersContact usEuropean Projects
Products
Products
Ice Axes
Crampons
Ice Protection
Biners, Draws and Slings
Climbing Devices
Helmets
Harnesses
Poles
Gloves
Packs, Bags and Pads
Eye Protection
Prints & Posters
Logo Wear & Promo
New Products
Summer 2020
Winter 2020/2021
Coming Soon
Gift cardOutlet
Grivel LabGrivel StoriesE-Shop
Account
Cart
Your cart is empty
Privacy policy
INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ART. 13 OF REG. (EU) NO. 2016/679 ("GPDR”)
This notice describes which of your personal data is collected by Grivel S.r.l. (hereinafter referred to as "us"), the purposes for this and how it is processed. You will also find the information necessary to exercise your rights under GDPR.
In general, we collect your data when you create an account on our website or on our online store (hereinafter jointly defined "Website") and when you buy products offered in the Website, when you send us email or you telephone us for having assistance. You are hereby informed that the personal data collected during said procedures will be processed in order to respond to your requests, allow you to use the services offered by the Website through the private areas (for example, to process your orders and perform the tasks necessary to do this, including the transactions required for administrative and tax compliance and, at your request, to send newsletter and information) and to provide better services, marketing and support for you and other customers, as set out above.
WHO PROCESSES YOUR DATA - DATA CONTROLLER
Grivel S.r.l., with registered offices at Loc. Champagne 19, 11020 Verrayes (Aosta) Italy, is the controller of your data processing.
WHICH DATA WE PROCESS - TYPE OF DATA PROCESSED
Your contact and account data. We will retain the contact information you provide (for example, your first name, surname, address, telephone number, email, country of residence) when you create an account on the Website, purchase a product and/or take part in our competitions or promotions.
Your payment and invoicing data. We will retain the payment and invoicing data that you provide (for example, delivery and billing addresses) when you purchase a product, for the purpose of managing your order and shipping the products. At your request, we can also retain the invoicing data in order to make future purchases easier. We do not store your credit card information.
Browsing data and activities on the Website. By using the Website, you agree for us to process the data from your browser and the device you are using, as well as your IP address (this is the number that identifies a specific device on the internet and that is needed for your device to communicate throughout the Internet). We can analyze which website you have come from, and what you have done on our Website. To send you commercial information about our products and personalized proposals following your tastes, we can use your email address and your name, as well as your data about web browsing and about your behavior in the Website to fully comprehend which products you are interested in, as long as you have authorized previously those process.
WHERE WE GET YOUR DATA - DATA COLLECTION METHOD
We collect your data directly from you. For example, if you register to make a purchase from the Website, create an account, take part in a competition, ask us a question or get in contact with our call center.
If you do not send us your data, you will not be able to register at the Website and will therefore be unable to purchase any products offered for sale.
Via the use of the Website's features. We use cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags, on our Website and in our emails in order to collect your usage data and to make better-targeted communication and promotions. To find out more, please view our Cookie Policy.
WHY AND HOW LONG WE PROCESS YOUR DATA FOR - PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING; RETENTION PERIOD
To supply products and services you have purchased and send you information about your order or your payment. For example, we will use your data to manage your order, confirm your purchase and manage any related services, such as shipping your purchased products. We cannot manage and process your order without your data.
The legal basis for this processing is the performance of the purchase agreement to which you are party from the moment you accept the Website's terms and conditions of sale.
The retention period for your data is equal to the period required to process the order.
Wherever you have created a Website account, the period will be necessary for your eventual order, the retention period will be as long as the activity of your account, which will be in any case dismissed after one year from the day of you last access or your last action on your account.
To provide you with the necessary after-sales support in accordance with the applicable product warranty laws. For example, we will use your data to provide you with support and to manage the return and/or repair of the products you have purchased from the Website, in accordance with the applicable laws and the Website’s terms and conditions of sale.
The legal basis for this processing is compliance with the legal requirements and the retention period is equal to the period required by law (in particular, by the Italian Consumer Code).
To correctly manage your billing status. We process your data for the accounting, administrative and tax purposes directly related to the controller’s business activities and required by the applicable laws.
The legal basis for this processing is compliance with the legal requirements and the retention period is equal to the period required by law (in particular, fiscal, money laundering, and banking and public security laws).
So that you can interact with our customers support staff. We may use your email address or phone number, as well as your name and/or postal address, to help you if you need support when using the products you purchased from the Website or from one of our distributors.
The legal basis for this processing is the performance of the purchase agreement that you entered into with Grivel S.r.l. when you accepted the Website's terms and conditions of sale and compliance with the legal obligations regarding warranties and customer support. The retention period of your data related to this process is the time necessary to fulfill your request (being understood that, whenever other processes are applicable, the retention period would be the one indicated as regarding those process in this Privacy Policy).
To send commercial proposals and offer products which reflects your preferences. With your consent, we analyze your personal and usage data, preferences and consumption of our products in order to improve our approach for both you and our customers in general. We do so through automated processing that includes profiling. This is done in order to make better decisions regarding services, advertising, products and content based on a greater understanding of how our customers use our services, and to provide a more personalized user experience. For this reason, we may also collect your IDFA (Identifier for Advertising) for iOS devices and your AAID (Google Advertising ID) for Android devices so that we can provide you with targeted, relevant adverts based on your preferences and interests.
The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent.
The retention period of your data is 12 months from your data collection.
To prevent or investigate illegal behavior or to protect and assert rights. For example, we may use your data to prevent the breach of our intellectual property rights (for example, counterfeiting of our and/or our partners' trademarks) or theft (including credit card cloning and thefts that we believe to have occurred during a competition, activity or event) or other illegal activities, as permitted by the applicable law.
The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of the data controllers.
The data retention period is equal to the time that is reasonably necessary to assert our rights from the point at which we become aware of the illegal behavior or the potential to commit illegal behavior.
For marketing purposes. Subject to your consent, you may be contacted by email, text message, telephone or other means with information or offers concerning the events, products or services we make available from time to time.
The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent.
The retention period for your data is equal to 24 months from the date on which the data has been collected
Other purposes permitted by the law. In certain circumstances, we may process your data if there is a legitimate interest for Grivel S.r.l. in accordance with Art. 6, paragraph 1 (f) of GDPR, in accordance with your rights and any statutory limitation.
For the aforementioned purposes, personal data is processed using manual, digital and online tools with software that is related closely to say purposes and, in any case, is processed in such a way that the data is kept secure and confidential in accordance with the law.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
What are cookies. Cookies are small text files that are sent to your device when you visit a website. Your device saves the cookies and sends them back to the website when you visit the website again.
The cookies used by the Website and their purpose. The site uses cookies whose purpose is to allow some sections to function correctly, for example when accessing the private area of the Website ("technical cookies"), to provide certain personalized features ("functional cookies"), to improve the browsing experience ("analytical cookies") and to help us offer you personalized recommendations for products you may like ("profiling cookies").
The first time you visit the Website, a banner will ask you to accept (or not accept) cookies. You can refuse to accept all or some cookies or you can change your computer's settings, at any time, also after having visited a website, so that you know when you receive cookies or so that you can stop your computer from automatically accepting cookies.
The Website uses the following categories of cookies:
Technical (or browsing) cookies, which help the Website to function, for example by allowing you to browse between pages and access the Website's private area; the legal basis for processing data using these cookies is the controller’s interest in providing efficient, well-functioning services to their customers; the retention period of these cookies runs from the date of first access to the site until the date on which cookies are disabled.
Functional cookies, which allow certain features to be activated and certain preferences (such as language) to be saved in order to improve your browsing experience; the legal basis for processing data using these cookies is the controller’s interest in providing efficient, well-functioning services to their customers; the retention period for these cookies runs from the date on which the site was first accessed until the date on which cookies are disabled. Users may accept and disable these cookies whenever they like using the cookies management tool in their Web browser.
Analytical cookies, which allow us to acquire aggregated, anonymous statistical information concerning browsing habits; the legal basis for processing data using these cookies is the controller’s interest in providing efficient, well-functioning services to their customers; the retention period for these cookies runs from the date on which the site was first accessed until the date on which cookies are disabled. Users may accept and disable these cookies whenever they like using the cookie management tool in their Web browser.
Profiling cookies (of third parties), which allow us to customize advertising messages based on your interests and your preferences so that we can send you the ads that you will find more relevant or interesting. We do not directly manage such cookies, but they are installed through third parties which deal with online profiling. The legal basis for the processing data using these cookies is the consent of the interested party; the retention period for these cookies runs from the date on which the site was first accessed until the date on which cookies are disabled which, in any case, will be no longer than 12 months. Users may accept and disable these cookies whenever they like using the cookie management tool in their Web browser.
The cookies currently used are:
Google Analytics Analytics. Disable at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Facebook Pixel Analytics. Disable at https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/
To analyze how the Website is used, we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google") which leaves cookies on your computer so that we can perform our statistical analyses. The data collected is aggregated and does not allow us to identify you in any way. To read Google's privacy notice for the Google Analytics service, please visit Google’s website at the URL: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html. To read Google's privacy policy, please visit this website https://policies.google.com/privacy. You can refuse to accept Google Analytics cookies by following this procedure (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=).
As such, if you continue to use the Website without refusing Google Analytics cookies, you agree to your data being processed by Google strictly in the ways and for the purposes outlined above.
How to disable technical cookies. You can change your browser's settings to disable cookies. Some of the site's features may not work correctly if you do so.
Below you will find links explaining how to disable cookies on a range of browsers (for any other browser you may be using, we suggest searching for this option in the software's help section, which you can normally access by pressing the F1 key):
Internet Explorer: Click the tools button and then 'Internet options'. Click the privacy tab and in 'Settings' move the slider up to block all cookies.
Google Chrome: Click “Chrome” in the browser's toolbar. Select 'Preferences'. Click 'Advanced'. In the ‘Privacy and security’ section, click the 'Content settings' button, click ‘Site settings’, select Cookies'.
Mozilla Firefox: Click the menu button and selection 'Options'. Select the privacy tab. In the history drop-down menu, select 'use custom settings for history'. To activate cookies, tick 'accept cookies from web sites'; to disable them, untick the box.
Safari: Click the 'Safari' button on the menu bar, then 'preferences'. Now click on 'privacy', then 'details' to select the site, then click 'remove'. .
Alternatively, you can only disable Google Analytics cookies by using the opt-out add-in provided by Google for the main browsers https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=it
WHERE YOUR DATA IS PROCESSED - DATA TRANSFER
Data will be processed and stored at Grivel S.r.l., Loc. Champagne 19, 11020 Verrayes (Aosta) Italy as well as at the suppliers working site in the European Union and, if the guarantees provided under articles 45-47 of the GDPR are satisfied, outside the European Union.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH - PERSONAL DATA RECIPIENTS
On the understanding that, where required by law, we will obtain your prior consent and carry out any formalities required by the law, we will share your data with the following third parties (acting as external data processors):
Our service providers. We may share your data with third parties so that they can provide us with services (for example, suppliers of IT services for the management of the Website, suppliers of profiling services and compliance automation services, couriers, call center companies, warehousing and logistics companies) but in this case, we will enter into an agreement in compliance with Art. 28 GDPR to protect your data. These parties will only have possession of the data required to perform their functions and may use this data only for the purpose of providing services on our behalf or complying with the law. You can find out details of such data processors pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR by emailing privacy@grivel.com . Whenever these providers would operate outside the European Union, before communicating them your personal data, we should satisfy the conditions provided in art.45-47 of the GDPR.
Where we deem it necessary for complying with our legal obligations or to legally protect third parties or ourselves, where permitted or required by the Law, we may also share the data requested by a government body or by another authorized third party or organization for the purpose of protecting or exercising our rights or those of third parties, or for the purpose of limiting or preventing fraud (including credit card fraud or other fraud that we believe may have occurred during a lottery, promotion or event) and other illegal activities.
MINORS
Our Website is not aimed at under-18s, but rather at an adult audience. If you are a parent or guardian and you think your child may have transmitted data, you can contact us.
SAFETY MEASURES
We adopt the security measures required by law.
We adopt security measures to protect your data. The standard security measures that we use depend on the type of data that we process and meet the legal requirements and the standards of European government agencies.
YOUR RIGHTS
You can contact Grivel S.r.l. to request access to your personal data, modify it, delete it or limit its processing, to oppose its processing, and to request the portability of your data; you can also withdraw your consent at any time (this will not prejudice the lawfulness of the processing on the basis of the consent granted prior to the withdrawal).
When you exercise your right of access, you have the right to know whether your data is currently being processed, what the purpose of the processing is, what categories of data are being processed, who the recipients of your data or categories of recipients are (and, if they reside in a third country, what guarantees this transfer is based on), the retention period for your data (or the criteria for determining the retention period), whether automated processing is being carried out (for example through profiling), what the reason for the processing is, and the origin of the data (when not initially collected by us).
You have the right to submit a complaint to the Italian National Data Protection Authority (“Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali”) and, at any time, to ask the controller for information about the data processors and parties that are authorized by the data controllers to process your data.
You can exercise your rights by contacting Grivel S.r.l. (either at the address indicated above or by emailing to privacy@grivel.com).
In any case, you can modify or withdraw your consent using the Website's settings.
You can withdraw your consent to receiving marketing communications, including newsletters. To stop receiving marketing communications, you can follow the instructions in the promotional message you receive. Alternatively, you can withdraw your consent by emailing the address stated above.
You can control and disable cookies and other profiling tools.
You can change your preferences regarding marketing emails and data processing through profiling by using the privacy settings in your account or by writing to one of the email addresses given above.
WHAT HAPPENS IF WE CHANGE THIS POLICY
We may make changes to our Privacy Policy. We will inform you of any changes, in accordance with the law. We will also publish an updated version in the Website. It will have a different date and version number to the one given below. Please visit the site regularly to check for updates.