http://www.att.org.uk/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
At Association of Taxation Technicians (ATT), we are committed to protecting and respecting individuals' privacy. This privacy notice explains what personal information we collect about you, how and why we process (collect, store, use and share) your personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us or make a complaint.
When we process your personal information we are regulated under European and UK data protection laws and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
By 'personal information', we mean information which relates to you as an individual and tells us something about you.
Search
Reset
1. The personal information we collect and use
The personal information we collect, and the use we make of it, varies depending on our relationship with you. For that reason, this privacy notice distinguishes between our students, members, stakeholders and suppliers. Please be sure to read the sections of the privacy notice which relate to you.
2. Students
This includes current and former students, whether successful or not.
2.1 Personal information we collect about you
contact details including name, title, employer, telephone number, email address, postal address;
password and membership number;
date of birth, gender, nationality and ethnic origin;
exam details including exam paper code, status (pending, passed, failed), attempts, grade, pass mark;
payment information where applicable;
where you order study materials from us, order date, number and amount due;
information relating to your professional conduct including, where applicable, criminal convictions, disciplinary action, bankruptcy and insolvency and disqualification as a director;
financial information where provided by you in support of a bursary application.
2.2 How we use your personal information
We use this information:
to assess and process your application for student registration;
to identify and communicate with you (or your employer where appropriate) regarding our exams and how to become a member if you are successful;
to administer our exams including registration, supply of study materials, payment (where applicable), bursaries, sitting and marking of exams and results notification.  Pass and prize results are made publicly available on our website;
to maintain a record of student results in order to:
respond to requests for exam results from you and, where appropriate, third parties;
to verify claims to be a successful student;
for marketing purposes including inviting you to educational and other events.
2.3 Who we share your personal information with
We will not share your information with anyone outside ATT except as follows:
with third party suppliers which administer, invigilate or mark your exams, or Apprenticeship submissions or in relation to the supply of study materials;
where applicable, with our associated organisation, CIOT;
on our website when we publish lists of successful candidates and prize winners;
with your employer (actual or potential) to whom we provide information about exam results (including exam scores) where appropriate;
with third parties to verify claims to be a successful student;
to our suppliers and with other event attendees in connection with your attendance at our events;
with other organisations and individuals whose services may be of interest to you, including tuition providers and partner institutions;
to law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
2.4 Whether information has to be provided by you, and if so why
The information collected from you during the registration process is necessary for the administration of our exam program.We will not register you without it.
2.5 How long we keep your personal information for
Generally, we keep your personal information for the duration of your working life as a tax professional or member, whichever is longer.
Information relating to nationality and ethnic origin is anonymised shortly after receipt and further processed only for statistical purposes.
Information relating to payment or the supply of study materials is usually kept for seven years from the date of payment/order.
Your financial information provided in support of a bursary application is kept for a reasonable time after approval or rejection of the application.
2.6 The legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information
We process your personal information on several legal bases, namely:
that it is necessary for the performance of a contract between us and you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken at your request;
that it is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation;
that our exam programme and events serve our and your legitimate interests and the interests of third parties, namely the promotion of education in taxation and the maintenance of a level of competence and professional standards through our internationally recognised exam programme; or
that you have consented to the processing.
3. Members
This includes current and former members, committee members and volunteers.
3.1 Personal information we collect about you
contact details including name, title, company/employer name, job title, telephone number, email address, postal address) and fax number;
information relating to your membership including password, membership number, membership type, membership status and reasons for that status;
information relating to your membership benefits, for example, your subscriptions;
information relating to our governance, for example, minutes of meetings;
information relating to our marketing activities, for example, regarding member attendance at events;
information regarding your career, for example, your area of specialisation or your work status (active or retired);
for committee members and volunteers, information relating to your committee and volunteer activities;
financial information;
occasionally, information relating to late applications for membership and applications to continue membership after bankruptcy;
exceptionally, information regarding your compliance with professional standards including continuing professional development, the adequacy of your insurance and our disciplinary process.
Almost all of our members were also students whose personal information we retain in accordance with section 2 above.
3.2 How we use your personal information
We use this information for the following purposes:
assessment of your membership application;
communication with you generally and in relation to the matters below;
general membership administration including consideration of applications and complaints;
provision of membership benefits;
member compliance with professional standards and our disciplinary process including maintenance of your full regulatory history;
membership fee collection;
corporate governance including committee work and member voting;
marketing including educational, social and other event management at central and branch level.
3.3 Who we share your personal information with
We will not share your information with anyone outside ATT except as follows.
with our suppliers to deliver your membership benefits;
to our suppliers and with other event attendees in connection with your attendance at our events ;
with your employer to the extent necessary to obtain payment of your membership fee;
where a referral has been determined as necessary, with the Tax Disciplinary Board (a separate body jointly funded by ATT and CIOT) to address disciplinary matters;
law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
3.4 Whether information has to be provided by you, and if so why
We cannot process your membership application or status without this information. Failure to provide requested information is likely to result in an application being refused or membership terminated.
3.5 How long we keep your personal information for
We keep your personal information for the duration of your working life as a tax professional or member, whichever is longer.
At that point, we transfer minimal information about you to our archive for permanent preservation. All other personal information about you is destroyed at the end of the retention period.
Information relating to fee payment is usually kept for seven years from the date of payment/order.
3.6 The legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information
We process your personal information on several legal bases, namely:
that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
that it is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation;
that our processing serves our and your legitimate interests and the interests of third parties, including the promotion of continuing education in taxation, the maintenance of a level of competence through our internationally recognised exam programme, the maintenance of professional standards in our sector and the promotion of strong relationships in our sector through educational and social events; or
that you have consented to the processing.
4. Stakeholders
This includes individuals who are not students, members or suppliers but who have a shared interest in tax including tax professionals and others from companies, charities, trade associations, Government, parliament, the public sector and journalists.
4.1 Personal information we collect about you
your name, contact details (phone, fax, telephone, email and address), employer organisation and job title.
Some of this information may be obtained from publicly available sources such as your employer's website or from database contact lists to which you have added your name.
4.2 How we use your personal information
We use this information to promote our aims through the provision of tax-related education, lobbying and marketing activities and for the administration of our events.
4.3 Who we share your personal information with
our associated charity, CIOT;
to suppliers and other event attendees in connection with your attendance at our events;
law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
4.4 Whether information has to be provided by you, and if so why
You do not have to provide this information and you can object to our processing of your personal data for these purposes at any time.  In that case, we will not be able to communicate with you regarding our events or other matters.
4.5 How long we keep your personal information for
We keep your personal information for the duration of your working life or until you ask us not to contact you, if earlier.
4.6 The legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information
We process your personal information on the basis that it serves our and your legitimate interests in a way that you would reasonably expect and which does not materially impact your rights, freedoms or interests.
5. Suppliers
This includes potential suppliers, third party examiners and speakers at events.
5.1 Personal information we collect about you
your name, contact details (phone, fax, telephone, email and address), employer organisation and job title.  Some of this information may be obtained directly from your employer or via its website or, in the case of speakers, individuals who recommend you;
your bank details, tax or VAT number;
contact, biographical and professional information about speakers at our events.
5.2 How we use your personal information
We use this information:
to communicate with you or your employer organisation regarding the provision of goods and services to us;
to manage our accounts with you;
for the administration of our events.
5.3 Who we share your personal information with
in the case of speakers at our events, with other speakers and attendees;
our students and members as necessary;
law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
5.4 Whether information has to be provided by you, and if so why
We will not do business with you or your employer without personal contact information.  Nor can we organise events without speakers' personal information.
5.5 How long we keep your personal information for
We keep your personal information for seven years after you cease to be a supplier of ours.
We keep speakers' information for as long as you continue to provide your services.
5.6 The legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information
We process your personal information on the basis that it is necessary to comply with our contractual obligations with you and where it serves our and your legitimate interests to be able to communicate in a way that you would reasonably expect and which does not materially impact your rights, freedoms or interests.
6. Transfer of your information out of the EEA
We may transfer your personal information outside the EEA in the following circumstances:
at the request of your employer who is located outside the EEA;
where you sit a physical exam in a location outside the EEA;
where you sit an online exam which is administered by a company outside the EEA;
to our overseas branches if you nominate one.
Non-EEA countries do not generally have the same data protection laws as the United Kingdom and EEA. We will share personal information with organisations in those countries only where they are either:
made with your explicit, informed consent;
necessary for the performance of a contract between us and you or between us and a third party in your interests or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken at your request;
made to countries or organisations which have been determined by the EU to provide adequate data protection safeguards; or
made pursuant to a contract containing the EU's standard data protection clauses.
7. Your rights
7.1 Under data protection laws you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include the right to:
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address;
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold;
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations;
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that information to a third party in certain situations;
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing;
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you;
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information;
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
7.2 For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
7.3 If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
dp [at] att.org.uk (email us);
let us have enough information to identify you;
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill);
let us know the information to which your request relates.
7.4 If you would like to unsubscribe from any marketing material you receive from us you can do so by dp [at] att.org.uk (contacting us). It may take up to five working days for this to take place.
8. Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected information security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected information security breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
You also have the right to complain to the UK Information Commissioner, who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by telephone on: 0303 123 1113.  If you live or work elsewhere in the EU or EEA, you can also complain to your local supervisory authority.
10. Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time.  The up-to-date version will be available on this page of our website.
11. How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us, please send an dp [at] att.org.uk (email )or write to the Data Compliance Officer at 30 Monck Street, London SW1P 2AP.