https://www.abglovesandabrasives.com/pages/policies.html
Toggle menu
1-888-651-7263
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
×
Main Menu
About Us
Policies
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Shop By Category
Abrasives
Bands
Belts
Accessories
Discs
Hook & Loop
PSA
Flap Disc
Locking
Mounted
Rolls
Hook & Loop
PSA
Film
Pads
Backup Pad
Conversion Pads
Hand Pads
Interface Pad
Protector Pad
Sheets / Strips
Hook & Loop
PSA
Hand Pads, Blocks & Sponges
Double Sided
Scuff Pads
Single Sided
Hand Blocks & Pads
Wheels
Convolute
Cutoff
Diamond
Flap/Interleaf
Grinding
Deburring and Finishing
Carbide Burrs
Chisel
Scribe Insert
Specialty Abrasives
Reciprocating / Files
Sanding Star
Wire Brushes
Breathing Protection
Disposable Masks
Replacement Parts
Respirators
Buffing, Polishing Pads
Foam
3"
4"
5"
6"
7"
8"
9"
Wool
3"
4"
5"
6"
7"
8"
9"
Downdraft Tables
Ergonomics
Back Supports
Elbow Supports
Knee Supports/Pads
Wrist Supports
Garments
Gloves
Anti-Vibration
Coated/Liquid Protection
Cold Weather
Cut Protection
Everyday
Inspection
Disposable
Leather
Welding
Head Protection
Accessories
Face Masks / Shields
Hard Hats
Welding Helments
Hearing Protection
Ear Muffs
Ear Plugs
Polishes, Compounds & Accessories
Buffing Compounds
Polarshine
Menzerna
Permanon
Safety Glasses
Frameless
Half Frame
Full Frame
Sealed & Foam Pad
Over the Spectacle
Goggles
Readers
Welding
Accessories
Shop Supplies
Body Fillers
Knives & Scrapers
Masking Paper
MISC
Mixing Cups
Overspray Film
Paint Cans
Spreaders
Cloths/Towels/Rags
Tape
Autobody Masking Paper
Carton Sealing Tape
Double Coated Tape
Duct Tape
Electrical Tape
Foil Tape
Paper Flatback Tape
Filament Tape
Masking Paper Tape
Packing & Shipping Tape
Stretch Films
Tools
Belt Tools
Buffers
3"
4"
5" - 8"
Drills & Specialty Tools
Drills
Reciprocating Tools
Routers
Finishing
Grinders
Die Grinders
Grinders
Stationary Machines
Bench/Pedestal
Post Grinder
Versatility
Sanders
Hand Sanders
Disc
Finishing
Gear Driven
Random Orbit
Kits
Pads
New Products
Tool Replacement Parts
Dynabrade
Airline Acessories
Assembly Parts
Contact Arm Assembly & Parts
Drop-In Motors
Housings
Leveling Jacks
Lubricants & Grease
Pads
Tune-Up Kits
Wheels
Mirka
Assembly Parts
Conversion Kits
Dust Extractor & Accessories
Hoses
Pads
Vac Systems & Carts
Carts
Components
Adapters
Bags
Cords
Filters
Hoses
Vacuums
Portable Vac Systems
Trolleys
Special Promotions
Last Chance
Shop By Brand
Dynabrade
Mirka
Pyramex Safety
MCR Safety
VSM Abrasives Corporation
Intertape Polymer Group
Lake Country Manufacturing
Memphis Gloves
Cordova Safety
AB's Gloves and Abrasives
Hanko
3M
Major Glove & Safety
Permanon
GL Enterprises
Menzerna
Tesa Tape, Inc
Hyde Tools
Crews
Occunomix
Chicago Protective Apparel
CGW
Evercoat
Liberty Glove and Safety
National Detroit
Valeo
Basco
Memphis Welding
Superior
PPC
R3 Safety
The Brush Man
Ally Finishing Solutions
Gerson
Howard Leight
National Diamond Lab
River City Garments
Southern Glove
Allway Tools
Dixon
Empire Abrasives
Herold-Partco Mfg./Osborn
TCI Products
US Chemical
Uvex
Ace Tex
Datco
Diatrim
GuardAir
Hi-Buff
Mack Brush Co.
Morgan Distribution
Bantex
Dukal
Dynarex
FBS
Ferro Industries
Gojo
Hermes Abrasives
Hi-Tech
Imco
Kimberly Clark
Lava
M & M Converting
Meguiars
Norton
Ramco Trading
Red Devil
SAIT
Tasco Corp.
TYSA Inc.
United Abrasives
US Blade
USA 3M Products
USC
West Michigan Rubber Supply
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Policies
Policies
AB’s Gloves and Abrasives – YourSandingSource Policies and Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions - These Terms and Conditions shall apply to purchase orders issued and accepted or other contractual commitments to buy and sell AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's products (collectively, "Orders"). AB’s Gloves and Abrasives hereby gives notice of its objection to any different or additional terms that may be included by the person, firm, corporation or other business entity that places an Order ("Buyer"). These Terms and Conditions will become a binding contract only when a written or electronic acceptance of an Order is sent to Buyer by AB’s Gloves and Abrasives. If Buyer has not otherwise accepted these Terms and Conditions, Buyer's placement of an Order and/or acceptance of any products delivered by AB’s Gloves and Abrasives pursuant to any Order shall constitute Buyer's acceptance of these Terms and Conditions with respect to such Order. These Terms and Conditions shall govern each Order notwithstanding any different, conflicting or additional terms and conditions which may appear on any form submitted by Buyer.
Customer Satisfaction - We stand behind our goods and services and want you to be satisfied with them. We'll always do our best to take care of customers—our philosophy is to deal with you fairly and reasonably; we hope you will be fair and reasonable with us as well.
Customer should contact AB’s Gloves and Abrasives if not satisfied with a product for any reason. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives will promptly provide an exchange or refund if the product is returned within 30 days of delivery, in its original packaging and with proof of purchase from AB’s Gloves and Abrasives.
AB’s Gloves and Abrasives guarantee doesn’t cover ordinary wear and tear or damage caused by improper use or accidents.
Prices - Prices and charges at AB’s Gloves and Abrasives are effective upon display on our website and are subject to change without notice. All prices are quoted in U.S. dollars. We reserve the right to pass on any surcharges or impose purchase restrictions or limits at any time. Any typographical, clerical or other manifestly obvious error or omission in any quote, price list happens from time to time. We try to do our best to limit these errors at the time they are evident We reserve the right to cancel and notify the buyer at the time of fulfillment when these occur and reserve the right to cancel the order.
Deliveries - Shipping dates are estimates only. Time is not of the essence. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives will make all reasonable efforts to adhere to the shipping or delivery dates requested by Buyer. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives shall not be liable for any damages, loss or expense of Buyer for failure to meet any shipping or delivery dates for any reason whatsoever. Unless otherwise agreed, all products shall be delivered F.O.B. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's Facility for sales requiring shipment of products to a location in the U.S.A., or EXW Seller's facility (per Incoterms 2010) for sales requirement shipment of products to a location outside of the U.S.A. Buyer shall make all arrangements with an appropriate carrier to receive and transport the products to the destination specified by Buyer. Risk of loss for the products shall pass to Buyer upon delivery to the carrier. If AB’s Gloves and Abrasives agrees to arrange for a carrier, the cost of the carrier and insurance shall be added to the otherwise applicable price but risk of loss for the products will still pass to Buyer upon delivery to the carrier. Title shall pass upon AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's receipt of full payment by Buyer. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives may make partial deliveries of products. In the event of a shortage of any product or delays in delivery caused by force majeure as provided in Limitation of Liability below, AB’s Gloves and Abrasives reserves the right to apportion products among its customers in its sole discretion.
Payments - eBay Auction payments and Fixed Price listing payments are kindly asked to be paid for within 48 hours of auction end. If you cannot pay within that time frame, we simply ask that you call us and tell us what's up. We are very understandable folks.
Unpaid Items - After 7 full days without an eBay payment, our system is automatically set up to file a claim against you with eBay. This is not the end of the world, and it does not mean we don't like you. We do. But at that point, payments will be requested. If you pay for your purchase, we will cancel the claim. If you don't, the claim moves forward.
Limited Warranty - Products sold are warranted by AB’s Gloves and Abrasives only to Buyers for resale, for use in business or original equipment manufacture against defect in workmanship or materials under normal use for three (3) months after date of original delivery (“Limited Warranty”). AB’s Gloves and Abrasives, in its sole discretion, will determine whether any product is defective. The acceptance by AB’s Gloves and Abrasives of any product returned is not an admission that the product is defective, and if AB’s Gloves and Abrasives determines the product is not covered by the Limited Warranty, the product will be returned to the Buyer at Buyer’s expense. Only if the product is destroyed as a result of its defect or any defect in any product covered by the Limited Warranty and AB’s Gloves and Abrasives is reasonably satisfied that the product was defective at the time of sale will Buyer be excused from providing AB’s Gloves and Abrasives with the product at issue. In the event AB’s Gloves and Abrasives determines any product to be defective, Buyer’s EXCLUSIVE REMEDY will be, at AB’s Gloves and Abrasives’s option, the repair, replacement or return of the purchase price of the product.
Further exclusions from the Limited Warranty are as follows:
a)  Any defects that appear after the warranty period are excluded from this Limited Warranty.
b)  AB’s Gloves and Abrasives makes no warranty on products for which another manufacturer or AB’s Gloves and Abrasives furnishes a separate warranty – such products are sold AS IS.
c)  AB’s Gloves and Abrasives makes no warranty with respect to designs, logos, trademarks and/or other specifications provided by the Buyer in regards to infringement or any other claims.
d)  The Limited Warranty does not apply to defects caused by cleaning, repairs, lubrication, calibrations, maintenance or replacements because of (a) improper repairs, misapplication, abuse, improper installation, improper operation, unauthorized alteration or modification, misuse or lack of proper maintenance by the Buyer, its employees and agents or (b) abnormal conditions of temperature, moisture, dirt, corrosive matter, and similar conditions.
e)  There will be no obligation to repair or replace products that by their nature are expendable.
f)  The Limited Warranty does not apply to damage caused by weather or disaster such as fire, wind, or flood, or an unsuitable installation location, or defects from labor or materials furnished by persons other than AB’s Gloves and Abrasives, its employees and agents.
g)  AB’s Gloves and Abrasives neither assumes nor authorizes any person to assume for it any other liability in connection with the sale of products.
h)  Repairs or replacements under this Limited Warranty are warranted as described and limited in this Limited Warranty but only for the remainder of the original warranty period.
i)   The Limited Warranty is effective only if and so long as the Buyer timely complies with all payment obligations to AB’s Gloves and Abrasives. Failure to meet payment obligations voids all warranties and does not extend the Limited Warranty period when payment is made.
j)   AB’s Gloves and Abrasives assumes no obligation or liability for advice or assistance given or results obtained in connection with products sold hereunder. All such advice or assistance is given and accepted solely at the Buyer's risk. Any decision as to use or installation of products hereunder is that of the Buyer.
k)  No Warranty to Consumers. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives makes no warranties to those defined as “Consumers” in the Magnuson-Moss Warranty-Federal Trade Commission Improvement Act. Products may be warranted to “Consumers” by the manufacturer of the product. Copies of such manufacturers’ warranties may be supplied with the product, or are available from the manufacturer. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives may also supply manufacturers’ sales literature to customers. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives, however, assumes no liability for the content of such manufacturers’ warranties or literature.
l)   Limitation of Liability. Buyer’s sole and exclusive remedy against AB’s Gloves and Abrasives  will be for the repair, replacement or return of purchase price of the defective products(s) as provided above. No other remedy (including, but not limited to, incidental or consequential damages for lost profits, lost sales, injury to persons or property, or any other incidental or consequential loss) will be available to buyer. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives liability to buyer will not exceed the purchase price under any circumstances.
m)  To the best of AB’s Gloves and Abrasives’s knowledge, manufacturers of products sold by AB’s Gloves and Abrasives comply with Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act (“OSHA”) design standards of any items shown on this website as meeting specific OSHA standards. Actual use, however, determines whether all OSHA requirements have been met; thus, the ultimate responsibility for OSHA compliance rests with the end user. Accordingly, AB’s Gloves and Abrasives does not warrant or represent that merchandise sold complies with any law, including, but not limited to, OSHA, the Walsh-Healey Public Contracts Act, and/or regulations promulgated thereunder.
n)   Except as provided in the above limited warranty, AB’s Gloves and Abrasives  makes no warranty regarding products delivered hereunder (other than warranty of title) and disclaims any and all other warranties, express or implied, whether created by contract or by operation of law, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Usage - AB’s Gloves and Abrasives does not guarantee the compatibility of performance of the materials in its products, or the products themselves, with any of Buyer's specific products or intended uses, whether or not such uses are known to AB’s Gloves and Abrasives. Buyer is responsible for insuring compatibility between AB’s Gloves and Abrasives 's product and any other products or components that may be combined therewith or placed therein. Buyer assumes all risk and liability for results obtained by the use of the products sold hereunder, whether used singly or in combination with other products. Buyer shall indemnify and save AB’s Gloves and Abrasives harmless from and against (a) any and all loss, damage, injury, claim, cause of action or proceeding arising out of the sale or use of AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's product, whether singly or in combination with other products, and (b) any and all costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, related thereto. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in the event of and in connection with any resale of AB’s Gloves and Abrasives’s product by Buyer in any fashion whatsoever, Buyer shall require and obtain from its customers restrictions of warranties and limitations and waivers of liability, and other limited remedies, defenses and protections running to and for the benefit of AB’s Gloves and Abrasives, including indemnity, at least equal to and including such items set forth herein, in order to maintain and provide to AB’s Gloves and Abrasives throughout the channels of distribution through and including the ultimate use and consumption of AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's product the limitations and waivers of liability, remedies, defenses and protections set forth herein without any enlargement whatsoever of liability of AB’s Gloves and Abrasives as if the sale hereunder to Buyer were to and for the ultimate use or consumption of AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's product. Buyer shall insure that all information, labels and other warnings concerning AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's product provided to Buyer by AB’s Gloves and Abrasives, if any, are kept and delivered with AB’s Gloves and Abrasives's product. Without limiting Buyer's obligations as stated elsewhere herein, Buyer shall indemnify and hold AB’s Gloves and Abrasives harmless from and against any and all loss, damage, injury, claim, cause of action or proceeding that may result from Buyer's failure to adhere to the covenants contained in this paragraph, and from and against any and all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, related thereto.
Advice - AB’s Gloves and Abrasives assumes no obligation or liability for advice or assistance given or results obtained in connection with any products sold. All such advice or assistance is given and accepted at Buyer’s risk. Any decision as to the use or installation of products sold hereunder is that of the Buyer.
Limitation of Liability – In no event shall AB’s Gloves and Abrasives be liable for and indirect, incidental or consequential damages arising out of any order or the products sold thereunder, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, including strict liability claims. In no event shall AB’s Gloves and Abrasives’s aggregate liability to buyer with respect to any product delivered pursuant to any order exceed the aggregate compensation payable to AB’s Gloves and Abrasives hereunder for the products covered by such order.
Warranty Disclaimer –
A.      No warranty or affirmation of fact, express or implied, other than as set forth in the LIMITED WARRANTY statement above, is made or authorized by AB’s Gloves and Abrasives. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives disclaims any liability for claims arising out of product misuse, improper installation, product modification, disrepair or misapplication. AB’s Gloves and Abrasives expressly disclaims any warranty that the products: (i) Are merchantable; (ii) Fit for a particular purpose; or (iii) Do not and will not infringe upon others’ intellectual property rights.
B.      AB’s Gloves and Abrasives makes no warranties to those defined as consumers in the Magnuson-Moss Warranty-Federal Trade Commission Improvement Act.
Privacy Policy
AB's Gloves & Abrasives, Inc has developed this privacy policy to prove our strong commitment to privacy while visiting our web site, store interface software, and checkout utilities. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.abglovesandabrasives.com. AB's Gloves & Abrasives does reserve the right to update this policy as our website evolves and new sites are added.
Visiting the AB's Gloves and Abrasives website is open to everyone and anyone may access information while remaining anonymous, and without revealing detailed personal information. However, there are areas of the abglovesandabrasives.com web store that are password protected and that may require the user to enter personal information in order to gain entry. Any such information is used strictly for user verification purposes and for protection of our customers only.
AB's Gloves and Abrasives will practice due diligence in taking appropriate steps to protect the privacy of the information you share with us. To protect sensitive personal information which is collected by AB's Gloves and Abrasives, we will take any commercially reasonable steps to establish a secure connection with your web browser. The information we collect may be used to improve the content of our Web Store, customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, or for marketing purposes.
Name, Mailing Address and E-Mail Address - AB's Gloves and Abrasives, at our option may collect this personal user information to fulfill orders and requests made online. Additionally on some forms, we collect “opt-in” data - this personal information is to include users in future mailings about products, news and features.
Telephone Numbers - Telephone numbers collected on forms throughout the site are stored in our databases and are used solely for the purpose of verifying requests made on-line.
Credit Card Numbers - Credit card numbers are not stored on AB's Gloves and Abrasives website through use of cookies or other unsecure methods and are collected on this web site solely for the purpose of collecting payment information. This credit card information is stored securely by abglovesandabrasives.com databases for billing and verification purposes only.
Personal Information and Third Parties - AB's Gloves and Abrasives does not provide any personal information obtained through its Web Sites to third parties without prior permission from our customers
Links to Third Party Web Sites - The AB's Gloves and Abrasives website contains links to third party web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third party web sites.
Site Security - Several areas of AB's Gloves and Abrasives web site are housed on a secure server. All information entered in this area, including credit card information, is entered onto abglovesandabrasives.com's secure server area. Credit card numbers are used solely for the purpose of payment processing and are not retained by cookie technology.
Questions or comments? We welcome your inquiry!
All questions or comments should be addressed to:
AB's Gloves and Abrasives Inc. 1227 S Centerville Rd Sturgis, MI 49091 online@abglovesandabrasives.com
Phone: 888-651-7263
Local: 269-651-6771
Fax: 269-651-4966
×
OK