http://www.pharmiweb.com/legal/advertising-policy
Post a Job
Find a Job
Upload Content
Home
Legal
Advertising Policy
Advertising Policy
Banner advertising may be accepted on the site, and is at the discretion of PharmiWeb. Where advertising appears it will be clearly marked with "Advertising". For advertising enquiries contact editor@pharmiweb.com
Advertisers have no rights over editorial content on the site.
Advertising is sold through our own sales team, not through any external agency or site
Other advertising can be accepted and will be marked as "advertising" for example, within editorial sections.
Google Adverts (GoogleAds) may be shown on some pages on the site, these links are clearly marked, and are not endorsed by PharmiWeb in any way.
See Also Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions, Cookie Policy
Last updated 10 February 2019
You are leaving PharmiWeb.com
Disclaimer: You are now leaving PharmiWeb.com website and are going to a website that is not operated by us. We are not responsible for the content or availability of linked sites.
ABOUT THIRD PARTY LINKS ON OUR SITE
PharmiWeb.com offers links to other third party websites that may be of interest to our website visitors. The links provided in our website are provided solely for your convenience and may assist you in locating other useful information on the Internet. When you click on these links you will leave the PharmiWeb.com website and will be redirected to another site. These sites are not under the control of PharmiWeb.com.
PharmiWeb.com is not responsible for the content of linked third party websites. We are not an agent for these third parties nor do we endorse or guarantee their products. We make no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy of the information contained in the linked sites. We suggest that you always verify the information obtained from linked websites before acting upon this information.
Also, please be aware that the security and privacy policies on these sites may be different than PharmiWeb.com policies, so please read third party privacy and security policies closely.
If you have any questions or concerns about the products and services offered on linked third party websites, please contact the third party directly.
Continue
No, thanks
Home
Partners
Company Directory
Events
Conference
Training
Webinar
Other
Articles
PwToday Stories
Press Releases
Find a Job
Post a Job
About Us
Upload Content
Legal
Advertising Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
;