http://www.nicerink.com/policy
NiceRink® Sales PolicyPlease review the following prior to purchasing or returning an item. With questions or concerns regarding our purchase policy please call: 1-888-NiceRinkYour NiceRink® Order
All "NiceRink" liners are made to order, and each one is therefore custom cut to your exact specifications. Therefore, once your liner is "CUSTOM" cut it CANNOT be canceled. If it hasn't been cut, we will be more than happy to either change or cancel your order. If you MUST cancel your liner order and we have already CUT it, there will be a 25% liner cancellation fee charged to your account.
We apologize for this strict policy, however we cannot be responsible for selling your custom liner once it has been cut, and will most likely be sold as a smaller size or reduced rate liner.
Invoice Terms
Net 30 to approved accounts. All others may choose from the following options: Visa, MasterCard, AMEX and Discover, Check for full amount or Cash upon pick-up at our offices. A finance charge of 1 1/2% per month or the maximum allowable rate by law will be added to past due invoices. NO COD'. Sorry we cannot accept any gift cards.
Minimum Order
A minimum order amount of $25 in product applies to all orders.
Delivery Terms
FOB, Shipping Point. We will prepay all freight and add it to the invoice. (Shipments to Canada: In addition to the regular shipping charge, all shipments to Canada will incur a brokerage fee from the shipper, plus all applicable taxes such as HST, GST, and PST. These amounts will be collected upon arrival if shipped UPS/Fed Ex. If truck shipment, brokerage fees and applicable taxes will be invoiced separately.)
For large truck shipments: If your item(s) are being delivered by common carrier (Truck), do not sign for it until you have counted and verified all pieces are present & inspected the item(s) for damage. Once you have signed for the item(s), you assume all responsibilities and charges. Any missing items and/or damages must be reported within 7 days of receiving the product.
For Large Rinks/Packages/Orders that will be shipping via LTL/Trucking line to a RESIDENCE: Normal delivery includes: 1) A Delivery Appointment from "the Carrier" 2) Getting the truck to the end of your driveway, the trucks will not drive onto driveways. 3) The merchandise will then be piece unloaded off the truck "to the ground".
Residential Location: If you live there it's a residential location. Even if there is a home office, or business run out of a home/garage, if you live there it’s a residence.
Business Location with DOCK: This means you have a loading dock the semi truck can back up to and off load the pallet(s) OR you have the means (fork truck/front end loader) to unload the pallet(s) from the truck OR you and others are willing to quickly hand unload the components fom the truck.
Business Location WITHOUT a dock: This means you do NOT have a loading dock the semi truck can back up to and off load the pallet(s) and no means (fork truck/front end loader) to unload the pallet(s) from the truck NOR do you and others want to hand unload the components fom the truck.
International Orders (On Merchandise originating from the United States. Some products are available direct from Canada)
****Please note that the CUSTOMER is responsible for all customs, duties and taxes of home country on all international orders. When delivered, the delivery person may require an additional payment or you may be billed. These amounts due are the duties and/or customs brokerage fee...this is not a shipping charge. Please check your local rules and regulations prior to ordering for the amount of these charges.
International orders can be placed via online, phone, e-mail or fax.
Returns
Please call our offices before returning merchandise to obtain a return authorization number. All others will be refused and returned at the customers expense. Return of unwanted/unused stock items will incur a 15% restocking charge and the cost of shipping. Any product returned must be shipped prepaid, or the return shipping will be deducted from the credit amount. All products being returned for any credit must be in LIKE NEW and unused condition. All liners returned must be in the original packaging. (You may not unroll your liner and then return it.)
Non-Payment
Any account turned over to any collection agency will be charged all charges for services incurred by said agency, including but not limited to a percentage of the invoice taken.
NSF Checks
$30 per occurrence.
Internet Pricing
Prices are subject to change.
Shipping Costs are subject to review.
Pickup Orders
Due to lack of storage space, we can only hold PICK-UP orders for two weeks after they are ready. If your order cannot be picked up within two weeks of NiceRink® notifying you that it is ready, your order will be shipped out for you and the shipping cost will be added to your order.
×