https://www.ralphlauren.com/customerservice?cid=cs-company-info-use-terms
Customer Service
Secondary Navigation
Customer Service
Menu
Returns
Shipping
Account Information
FAQ's
About Our Products
Shopping & Payment
Company Information
Gift Services
Privacy Notice
Mobile Marketing
Need Help?
If you have questions or need assistance, please contact us:
888-475-7674
We’re Available:
Sun-Sat: 8:00am-11:00pm ET
Live Chat
Email Us
Text Us
1-315-562-0208
Start a Free Return
START A FREE RETURN/EXCHANGE
Making a Return
Choose from one of two easy options to start your return.
Start a return or exchange with my order number and ZIP code
Start a return or exchange through my account
Once you complete the few simple steps for the return, you’ll be provided with a pre-paid shipping label and several options to drop off your package, including thousands of UPS drop-off locations.
To Use Your Own Method or For International Customers:
The package should be taken to your postal carrier and mailed to the following address:
RL E-COMMERCE / RETURNS DEPARTMENT
201 NORTH PENDLETON STREET
HIGH POINT, NC 27260
This address can only be used to return items purchased at RalphLauren.com. If you would like to return items purchased elsewhere, please return the items to the original place of purchase or call us at 888-475-7674 and we will be happy to assist you.
Receiving Your Refund
RECEIVING YOUR REFUND
Please allow up to three weeks for us to receive and process your return. Return tracking information will be available up to three days after mailing. You will receive an email once your return is processed. Please allow up to an additional 5 business days for the credit to post to your account. We will credit your original form of payment unless otherwise specified.
If you have lost or misplaced your return label, print a new one using your order number and billing zip code. If you need further assistance, please call us at 888-475-7674 or email us at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com.
Return Policy
START YOUR FREE ONLINE RETURN
Choose from one of two easy options to start your return.
Start a return or exhange with my order number and ZIP code
Start a return or exhange through my account
Once you complete the few simple steps for the return, you’ll be provided with a pre-paid shipping label and several options to drop off your package, including thousands of UPS drop-off locations.
OUR RETURN POLICY
We want you to be entirely satisfied with your RalphLauren.com purchase. If you are not, we will gladly accept the return of items that are unwashed, unworn, and unaltered with the original tags attached and accompanied by the original invoice for online orders, or purchase information from your printed store receipt, within 30 days of order shipment date (excluding watches and fine jewelry which must be returned within 10 days of the order shipment date).
Customers who placed orders may return item(s) within 30 days of the order shipment date or in-store purchase date.
Purchases for full-price and sale items made between Oct 22, 2020 - Dec 31, 2020 are eligible to be returned until Jan 31, 2021.
Watches and Fine Jewelry must be in perfect condition, with all protective materials, tags and stickers attached. To return watches and fine jewelry, please call 877-639-7934. Enjoy free returns within 10 days of the shipment date.
Please allow up to three weeks for us to receive and process your return. You will receive an email notification upon the completion of return processing.
EXCHANGES
If you would like to make an exchange you may do so, as long as it is for the same item (at the same price) in a different size or color.
Your exchange order will be processed immediately with free shipping. We’ll also provide a free return label for your new order.
Please return the exchanged item(s) within 4 business days of initiating the exchange online.
Exchanged item(s) must be received within 14 days from the day the exchange is initiated online to avoid being charged.
Note: Buy Online Pickup in Store and Ship to Store orders are only eligible for returns.
EXCLUSIONS
The following may not be returned or exchanged:
Personalized items
Gift Boxes
Home Lighting
Ralph's Coffee Products
TIMING FOR A RETURN
To receive your refund to your original method of payment, your online return must be returned within 30 days of the order shipment date.
Purchases for full-price and sale items made between Oct 22, 2020 - Dec 31, 2020 are eligible to be returned until Jan 31, 2021.
Within 30 Days
Full-Price Items
Sale Items
Gifts You Received
The following items cannot be returned:
Cannot Return
Personalized Items
Gift Boxes
Home Lighting
Ralph's Coffee Products
Watches & Fine Jewelry
Watches and Fine Jewelry must be in perfect condition, with all protective materials, tags and stickers attached. To return watches and fine jewelry, please call 877-639-7934.
Enjoy free returns within 10 days of the shipment date.
Holiday Shipping
Due to increased volume, orders may take longer than usual to ship. Please refer to your estimated arrival date in checkout once shipping method is selected.
Select Shipping Method
For Delivery by Christmas Eve (December 24, 2020) Order by
Economy: within 7 -10 business days
Monday, December 14, 2020 11:59 PM ET
Standard Shipping: within 3-4 business days
Saturday, December 19, 2020, 11:59 PM ET**
2-Business-Day: within 2 business days
Monday, December 21, 2020, 3:00 PM ET**
Next  Day: within 1 business day
Tuesday, December 22, 2020, 3:00 PM ET**
Saturday Delivery
Friday, December 18, 2020, 3:00 PM ET
(Delivery will be made on Saturday, 12/19)
Customized Knitted and Outerwear orders must be placed by Tuesday, December 1, 2020 (11:59 PM ET) for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve. Customized Knitted winter accessories orders must be placed by Monday, December 14, 2020 (11:59 PM ET) for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve. Customized Printed and Embroidery orders must be placed by Thursday, December 17, 2020 (11:59 PM ET) for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve.
Gift cards are shipped using Standard shipping and must be ordered by December 19, 2020 (11:59 PM ET), for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve. Christmas Eve delivery is not guaranteed for shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Guam, the Marshall Islands, Samoa, or any P.O. boxes (including APO/FPO addresses), or for shipments delayed by weather.
**Orders placed with Standard Shipping, 2-Business-Day or Next Day Delivery containing more than 30 items cannot be guaranteed for delivery by Christmas Eve.
*Saturday, Sunday, and holidays are not considered business days for order processing
Order Status & Tracking
You can Track Your Order by entering the order number, email address and associated billing zip code. From here, you may view the Order Status and detailed tracking information.
Please note, when your order ships you will receive a confirmation email containing tracking information. Click 'Track My Order’ from the shipping email confirmation to view the progress of your shipment(s).
If you have a registered account with RalphLauren.com, simply go to your Order History under My Account. From there, click on any order number for its complete order details, including its tracking information.
Shipping & Handling
Holiday Shipping
Due to increased volume, orders may take longer than usual to ship. Please refer to your estimated arrival date in checkout once shipping method is selected.
Select Shipping Method
For Delivery by Christmas Eve (December 24, 2020) Order by
Economy: within 7 -10 business days
Monday, December 14, 2020 11:59 PM ET
Standard Shipping: within 3-4 business days
Saturday, December 19, 2020, 11:59 PM ET**
2-Business-Day: within 2 business days
Monday, December 21, 2020, 3:00 PM ET**
Next  Day: within 1 business day
Tuesday, December 22, 2020, 3:00 PM ET**
Saturday Delivery
Friday, December 18, 2020, 3:00 PM ET
(Delivery will be made on Saturday, 12/19)
Customized Knitted and Outerwear orders must be placed by Tuesday, December 1, 2020 (11:59 PM ET) for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve. Customized Knitted winter accessories orders must be placed by Monday, December 14, 2020 (11:59 PM ET) for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve. Customized Printed and Embroidery orders must be placed by Thursday, December 17, 2020 (11:59 PM ET) for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve.
Gift cards are shipped using Standard shipping and must be ordered by December 19, 2020 (11:59 PM ET), for guaranteed delivery by Christmas Eve. Christmas Eve delivery is not guaranteed for shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Guam, the Marshall Islands, Samoa, or any P.O. boxes (including APO/FPO addresses), or for shipments delayed by weather.
**Orders placed with Standard Shipping, 2-Business-Day or Next Day Delivery containing more than 30 items cannot be guaranteed for delivery by Christmas Eve.
*Saturday, Sunday, and holidays are not considered business days for order processing
Order Restrictions
Standard, 2-Business-Day, Next-Day, and Saturday delivery options are not available for orders containing fragrances, lighting, rugs, and orders greater than 30 units. Lamps will ship with the base and the shade as 2 separate packages. Gift cards are shipped separately free of charge.
Delivery Timing
Pending order verification and credit approval, orders should arrive as specified above. Please note that the estimated delivery date is an estimate only and is not guaranteed. Your estimated delivery date will be shown during checkout and included in your order confirmation email. Your items may arrive sooner than the estimated delivery date. Ralph Lauren reserves the right to send packages via other shipping methods based on the shipping destination as long as orders will still arrive within the arrival times outlined on RalphLauren.com.
When you choose the Economy delivery option, packages are delivered Monday through Friday 8AM to 8PM. Orders sent by Standard, 2-Business-Day or Next-Day shipping methods are delivered Monday through Friday from 8AM to 8PM for residential address deliveries and 8AM - 5PM for commercial business address deliveries. We recommend choosing Standard, 2-Business-Day or Next-Day delivery if you are shipping your package to a business address. You will be asked to provide a telephone number on the shipping page of checkout, which is important in the event the courier needs to arrange a delivery time with you. You will also be asked to provide an email address, to which we will send confirmation that your order was placed.
Saturday Delivery
To ensure prompt delivery, orders placed with the Saturday delivery option will be shipped via the Next-Day option if placed outside of the hours specified above. We do not recommend choosing Saturday delivery if you are placing your order outside of these hours. Saturday delivery is not guaranteed to remote rural areas in the United States.
U.S. Territories, P.O. Boxes, and International
Shipments to Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Guam, the Marshall Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, Samoa, and any P.O. boxes are shipped via U.S. Postal Service Priority Mail. Standard, 2- Business-Day, Next-Day, and Saturday delivery options are not available for these destinations. Please allow 5 to 10 business days for delivery to these destinations.
Additionally, there are Ralph Lauren stores all over the world. Use our store locator to find the one nearest you.
Ship to Store
The Ship to Store option allows you to shop online and pick up your order in-store.
Placing Your Order
Add your products to cart and proceed to checkout. Choose the "Ship to Store" option, select your desired store and fill in contact details for the order.
Email Confirmations
Once your Ship to Store order is placed, we will send you an order confirmation email. When your order is ready for pickup, you will receive a another email with instructions for picking up your order along with the store contact information.
Pick up In-Store
Your order confirmation email will have the store contact information along with pick up instructions. At pickup, you must present your order confirmation email with the order number and photo identification. You may print or scan straight from your phone in store.
Visit our FAQs on Ship to Store for more information.
Buy Online Pick Up In Store
The Buy Online Pick up In-Store option allows you to shop online and pick up your order in-store. Curbside delivery is also available at select stores for a safe, contactless pickup. Orders are typically available the same day or following day. BOPIS is always free.
Placing Your Order
When you are viewing a product page or are in checkout, look for the "Pick up In-Store " option. Find and select the store where you'd like to pick up. Then place your order with the "Pick up In-Store " option selected on applicable items in checkout. Please note, not all products online are available in-store and not all stores are currently providing this service. While you can choose Shipping or Buy Online Pick up In-Store for different items in your order, you can only choose one store for your pick up. Multiple store locations cannot be selected within the same order. To pick up at multiple store locations, you must place separate orders and choose a different store for each order.
Email Confirmations
Once your Buy Online Pick up In-Store order is placed, we will send you an order confirmation email. When your order is ready for pickup, you will receive an email with instructions for picking up your order along with the store contact information. Depending on what time your order is placed and when your selected store closes, your order may not be ready until the following day.
Pick up In-Store
Your order confirmation email will have the store contact information along with pick up instructions. At pickup, you must present your order confirmation email with the order number and photo identification. Instructions for curbside pickup will also be in your order confirmation email. You may print or scan straight from your phone in store.
Visit our FAQs on Buy Online Pick Up In Store for more information.
Sales Tax
Applicable sales tax will be included on all orders based on shipping address. Sales tax amount is estimated until order has shipped and shipping confirmation has been sent. We do not charge sales tax on the purchase of Gift Certificates; however, items paid for with Gift Certificates will be taxed.
The state and local governments require that we charge tax for items shipped to any state where Ralph Lauren has a physical presence (such as a store, warehouse, or contact center).
Reduced Packaging
Do you ship with Reduced packaging?
Ralph Lauren is proud to offer reduced packaging, designed to minimize waste. By selecting this packaging, your order will arrive without:
Plastic or paper inserts
Hangers or garment bags
Ralph Lauren promotional materials
Paper invoices, return forms, or labels
Please note, fragile or special items may have additional packaging to ensure quality.
To receive reduced packaging, select the check box “I would like to receive reduced packaging with this order” while on the Shipping page in the order checkout process.
Address Book
Your Address Book
When you register with RalphLauren.com, you will have the option to create your own address book. This feature allows you to store not only your own billing and shipping information, but also the names and addresses of people you frequently send gifts to. It’s easy to add, change, or delete information from your address list at any time. (Please note: The information that you store in your address list is for your use only. RalphLauren.com will not contact anyone listed unless we have a specific communication about a delivery.)
Although we allow you to add international addresses to your address book, we do not ship outside the United States. The international billing feature is designed for our Canadian customers who frequently send gifts to the US or who maintain US residences. We do, however, have Ralph Lauren stores all over the world. Please use Our Stores to find the store nearest you.
Benefits of Registering
By creating an account, you can store credit card information for easier and faster checkout, maintain an address book, create and share wish lists, review your order history, and easily update billing and shipping information. Not only will shopping be easier, but your entire experience with us will become customized over time.
Create an Account
Forgotten Password?
Forgot Your Password
If you’ve forgotten your password, you can reset it here.
Storing Credit Card Information
Securely Add A Credit Card to Your Account
RalphLauren.com allows registered users to store a credit card number securely under their account for easy shopping and checkout. All credit cards stored on RalphLauren.com are encrypted for user protection so that no one—including Customer Assistance and information technology—can access your credit card number.
Once you make a purchase from our site, the credit card you use at checkout can be stored for you in your User Profile. You will only be able to delete your credit card information, not make updates to it.
If you forget your password, contact a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674, or click Forgot Password.
If you have any other concerns about this function, please read the Forgotten Password section of the Account Information page or our Privacy Notice.
Order History
Order Status
We will send an email confirming the details of your order and the shipping method.
You may check your order status through the Order History area of My Account or the Track Your Orders option. You can also contact a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674. Your Order History lists the current status of pending orders.
Our Customer Assistance hours of operation are:
Monday–Friday, 9 AM–midnight
Saturday–Sunday, 11 AM–11 PM
Memorial Day, 11 AM–11 PM
Independence Day: 11 AM–6 PM
Labor Day, 9 AM–6 PM
Thanksgiving Day: Closed
Christmas Eve, 9 AM–7 PM
Christmas Day: Closed
New Year's Eve, 11 AM–9 PM
New Year's Day: Closed
All hours are Eastern Time
Shipping Status
If you have a registered account with RalphLauren.com, it is easy to check the status of your orders. Simply go to Order History under Order Information. From there, click on any order number for its complete order details, including its tracking number. Clicking on the tracking number takes you directly to the shipping carrier's website, where you can follow the progress of your shipment(s).
If you do not have a RalphLauren.com account yet, set one up under My Account. You also can track an order by entering your order number and billing ZIP code under Check Order.
Changes to Orders
Once you place an order at RalphLauren.com, there is a limited period of time before your order is fully processed that you will be able to cancel your order. If the cancel option is available, you will find a button next to your order on the order tracking page at the following link: RalphLauren.com/Orders
For assistance, please call a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674.
Frequently asked questions
Shipping
When will my order arrive?
You can expect your items to arrive by the estimated delivery date, which is shown for each item during checkout. Once your order ships you will receive an email with tracking information. Your items may arrive sooner than the estimated delivery date. Please also note that the estimated delivery date is an estimate only and is not guaranteed.
Shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, US Virgin Islands, Guam, Marshall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Samoa, and any P.O. boxes are shipped via U.S. Postal Service Priority Mail. Economy, 2-Business Day, Next Day, and Saturday delivery options are not available. Please allow 5 to 10 business days for delivery.
RalphLauren.com is proud to offer shipping to APO addresses. The delivery time for APO shipping may vary.
Delivery schedule dates are estimated. Actual delivery dates may vary depending on shipping locations.
How can I track my package?
When your order ships, you will receive a confirmation email containing tracking information. You can also track your order by logging into your account; select “recent orders” followed by “order details.” From there, you will be able to see if the order is awaiting fulfillment or has shipped.
If you do not have an account, you can check your order status Here by entering your order number, email address and billing zip code.
When will my order ship?
Pending order verification and credit approval, orders placed with Economy ship within 1 to 3 days and orders placed with Fast Shipping will ship within 1 to 2 days. Orders placed with an expedited shipping method will ship within 1 day.
If you do not have an account, you can check your order status here by entering your order number, email address, and billing zip code.
What does it cost to ship my order?
Shipping Method
Rate
Economy
$6
Fast
$8
2 Day
$20
Next Day
$25
Saturday
$35
Sometimes we offer free shipping promotions whereby the shipping rates will change.
Gift cards are shipped separately free of charge.
Do you ship with Eco-Friendly packaging?
Ralph Lauren is proud to offer Eco-Friendly packaging, designed to minimize waste. By selecting this packaging option, your order will arrive without:
Plastic or paper inserts
Hangers or garment bags
Ralph Lauren promotional materials
Paper invoices, return forms, or labels
Please note, fragile or special items may have additional packaging to ensure quality.
To receive Eco-Friendly packaging, select the check box “I would like to receive eco-friendly packaging with this order” while on the Shipping page in the order checkout process.
Do you ship outside the United States?
We ship to more than 20 countries outside the US. For a complete list, click on the country selector next to the store locator at the top of any RalphLauren.com page.
Additionally, there are Ralph Lauren stores all over the world. Use our store locator to find the one nearest you.
By which carrier will my order be shipped?
We use different carriers to get customers their orders as quickly and efficiently as possible. Once your order has shipped, you will receive an email with the name of the carrier and any tracking information.
Orders sent by 2-Business Day or Next Day shipping methods are delivered Monday through Friday from 8 AM through 4:30 PM.
Orders placed with Saturday delivery will arrive Saturday if placed between 3:01 PM ET Thursday and 3 PM ET Friday. If an order is placed after these hours, it will be shipped via Next Day shipping, and will arrive on the next business day.
Please note: Orders greater than 30 units are not eligible for expedited shipping (2-Business Day, Next Day, or Saturday delivery).
How can I ship to multiple addresses?
Select “ship to multiple locations” during checkout. Then, choose the appropriate address from the drop down list, if applicable, or enter an address by clicking “add new.” You’ll then select a shipping method for each address. Please note that shipping fees are applied for each address based on the method chosen.
When shipping to multiple addresses, why is shipping being charged even though I met the threshold for free shipping?
Shipping fees are applied for each address based on the method chosen. Meeting the threshold for an individual shipment will remove the fee from that portion of the order only. To avoid all shipping fees, the threshold must be met for each shipment
How long is the order processing time?
Order processing times vary based on the shipping method. For information, click Shipping & Handling
How long does it take for a personalized item to be delivered?
Personalized items are processed within 3-4 business days. Once shipped, the delivery date is dependent upon the shipping method chosen.
Does the invoice include the prices if I ship the item as a gift?
No. Selecting gift packaging or gift messaging removes the prices from the invoice.
How will the family I am shipping gifts to know which gift is for each person?
On the bottom of each gift wrapped box is a small sticker that contains a number corresponding to each item on your packing invoice.
I entered my email address incorrectly on my order, how can I get a status on my package?
Contact Customer Assistance via phone, email, or chat, and we will be happy to assist you.
Returns & Exchanges
If I’m not happy with my purchase, can I return it?
If you are not entirely satisfied with your recent RalphLauren.com order, we will gladly accept the return of items that are in new condition and have not been worn, washed, or altered.
Returns must be made according to the guidelines of our Return Policy.
Personalized items cannot be returned.
Is there a charge for making a return?
No. We will provide a postage-paid return label free of charge. We also offer Free Online Returns.
How long will it take to process my return?
Please allow up to 12 days for us to receive and process your return. You will receive an email notification upon the completion of return processing. We are not able to issue credit until your return package has been received and processed.
If I give a gift to someone, can that person return it?
Returning gifts is easy, since all gifts come with both a gift receipt and a postage-paid return label. Gift recipients who return an item will be issued a Virtual Gift Card from RalphLauren.com.
Personalized items cannot be returned.
If I want to exchange an item for a different size or color, how do I do that?
We are not able to process exchanges. If you need a new size or color, you may place a new order online at RalphLauren.com or by calling us at 888-475-7674.
To return the original item(s), simply complete your return form and send your return by U.S. Postal Service using the prepaid label, or you may send it through the carrier of your choice. Please allow up to 12 business days for your return to be received and processed.
Personalized items cannot be returned.
I received a gift, how can I return the merchandise without any of the original paperwork or packaging?
Click Here to initiate an online gift return. Enter your order number and zip code in the fields provided. If you don’t have your order number, please contact Customer Assistance.
Can I return online merchandise to stores?
Merchandise purchased at RalphLauren.com can be returned to any US Ralph Lauren store. You must have your invoice with you at the time of return. Returns must follow the guidelines in our return policy. Refunds will be made in the form of the original payment.
You can use the store locator on our website, or contact one of our Customer Service Representatives at 1-888-475-7674 or CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com to find a store near you.
Returns cannot be made at department and specialty store locations.
If your order was purchased online with PayPal® or PayPal Credit, you cannot return it in stores.
Ordering & Payment
What forms of payment can I use?
RalphLauren.com accepts the following forms of payment:
Credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover
Other forms of payment: Online gift certificates, Ralph Lauren gift cards, Credit Card gift cards*, PayPal
We do not accept: CODs, Layaway, Personal checks, Money orders
*Credit Card gift cards can only be redeemed for orders less than or equal to the full amount on the gift card. Orders cannot be split between two forms of payment when using a Credit Card gift cards.
PayPal FAQs
How does PayPal work?
PayPal is used to securely send payments over the internet. You can choose to pay from your PayPal account balance, a credit card, debit card, or bank account. To make a PayPal purchase, select PayPal during checkout on the RalphLauren.com website and choose your method of payment. Your funds are transferred immediately and securely.
PayPal is highly secure and committed to protecting the privacy of its users. Its industry-leading fraud prevention team is constantly developing state-of-the-art technology to keep your money and information safe. When you use PayPal to send money, recipients never see your bank account or credit card numbers.
If you make a purchase using PayPal, you cannot return in stores.
How do I contact PayPal Customer Service?
For the fastest response, you may access the user-friendly Help Center. Developed by the PayPal Customer Service team, this Help Center contains a comprehensive information database. Simply type a question into the search box to receive a complete answer.
If you do not find the information you need in the Help Center, PayPal Customer Service representatives are available to assist you. Send an email for a prompt response or contact PayPal directly by phone: Customer Service: 402-935-2050 (a US telephone number) 4 AM, PDT, to 10 PM, PDT, Monday through Friday 6 AM, PDT, to 8 PM, PDT, Saturday and Sunday.
Sign up for PayPal now.
Can I see a record of my RalphLauren.com transactions?
Customers who register for an account can easily access their Order History, with all details regarding past purchases and status of pending orders.
Shopping
Do you sell your gift boxes?
Gift boxes are offered for a nominal charge with most purchases at RalphLauren.com. When prompted at checkout, just let us know that you’d like to make your purchase a gift. Each gift will arrive elegantly presented in our signature navy box. If you’ve entered a complimentary gift message, we will include that, as well as a receipt (excluding pricing information), that allows for easy returns.
Can I purchase extra/additional gift boxes?
No. We apologize that we’re unable to provide extra gift boxes.
GIFT RECEIPTS
To create a gift receipt, click the "Add a Gift Message" option during the checkout process. The recipient will then receive a gift receipt suppressing all merchandise pricing information.
Additionally, if you are buying multiple items, the "Add a Gift Message" checkbox must be selected next to each product in the order to suppress all pricing on the receipt.
Do you have a personal shopping service?
Yes, we do. Just call our Customer Assistance line at 888-475-7674 and ask to speak with a personal shopper, who will make recommendations, provide you with product information, and answer any questions you may have.
An item I like is sold out in my size, when will you receive additional inventory?
We’re unable to determine if and when we will receive additional inventory; however, to be added to the waitlist for a product, enter your email address on the product page in the field provided and click “add to waitlist."
Are there any limitations regarding promo codes?
If you receive a promo code for use at RalphLauren.com, you may redeem it in your shopping bag or on the payment page at checkout. Restrictions may apply. If you have any additional questions, please contact Customer Assistance at 888-475-7674 or via our online chat service.
Website
Why should I register with RalphLauren.com?
By creating an account, you can store credit card information for easier and faster checkout, maintain an address book, create and share wish lists, review your order history, and easily update billing and shipping information. Not only will shopping be easier, but your entire experience with us will become customized over time. Create an Account
Is there a risk to storing my information online with you?
Your security and privacy is important to us. For this reason, we use rigorous safeguards to protect the personal information of our customers. Our online Privacy Notice describes in detail the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how we protect it.
Do you sell my information to other companies?
RalphLauren.com does not sell or trade with third parties your personal information gathered online, such as email addresses, personal information collected as part of an online survey, or other specific details about you. We do not contribute to or participate in cooperative databases, which give other companies access to such personal information. For complete details about how we use and protect your personal information, please see our online Privacy Notice.
I forgot my password, what should I do?
If you’ve forgotten your password, you can reset it here or contact a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674..
Merchandise
Can I get an item purchased online altered at a Ralph Lauren store?
Yes, we offer complimentary alterations on full-price men's suits and Collection apparel in select Ralph Lauren stores. If you have purchased a men's suit or women's Collection item on sale and wish to have alterations made, you may visit any of the select Ralph Lauren stores that offer this service and pay an alteration fee.
Customers must present a copy of their invoice to the store for alterations to be made. Alterations may take up 10 days.
If you have additional questions about alterations in our Ralph Lauren stores, contact us at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com.
How do I care for my purchase?
If you have a question about the proper care or fabric treatment of any of our items, please reference the item on our website, email us at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com.
General
How can I check the balance of my gift card?
To check your balance, click here and scroll to the bottom of the page. Enter your gift card number and PIN and then select "check balance."
Do you have a loyalty program?
We do not have a loyalty program; however, we encourage you download The Polo App and be the first to know about upcoming releases and limited-edition collections, plus get exclusive content and more insider access to the World of Polo. Now available for iOS and Android!
Are there any current promotions?
Please register your email address with us to stay up to date on our promotions and special offers throughout the year. To view promotions on RalphLauren.com, click “Sale” from the top menu.
Does gift packaging include a bow/ribbon and a gift invoice?
Yes, gift packaging includes a Ralph Lauren gift box, a ribbon, and a gift invoice without pricing information.
Can I include multiple items in one gift box?
No. Items must be gift packaged individually, with the exception of our pre-packaged gift sets.
Are you offering free gift packaging at any time?
We may offer gift packaging promotions throughout the year. Please register for our promotional emails to stay up to date on our offerings.
How can I find out about employment opportunities at Ralph Lauren?
We offer many exciting career opportunities and are always searching for the most talented people to join our team. Please visit our Careers website to view all current openings.
We will contact only those persons selected for further consideration. Ralph Lauren is an equal opportunity employer.
Do you offer a press kit or an information packet for your company?
Yes. Please see our dedicated Investor Relations site for details. For press inquiries, email us at RL-Press@RalphLauren.com.
How can I learn more about the history of Ralph Lauren?
Visit About Us to read about the history of the brand, our philanthropic efforts, and more.
Do you have a catalog?
RL Mag, which features stories inspired by the Ralph Lauren lifestyle, is available online.
Alterations
Alterations in Ralph Lauren Stores
We offer complimentary alterations on full-price men’s suits and Collection apparel in select Ralph Lauren stores. Click here for a list of stores that offer these services. Customers must present a copy of their invoice to the store for alterations to be made. Alterations may take up to 10 days.
Complimentary alterations are made only on items purchased at full price (not on sale items). If you have purchased a men’s suit or women’s Collection item on sale and wish to have alterations made, you may visit any of the select Ralph Lauren stores that offer these services and pay an alterations fee.
If you have additional questions about alterations in our Ralph Lauren stores, contact a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674 or email us at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com.
Product Care & Policy
Product Information and Care
If you have a question on the proper care or fabric treatment of any of our items, please reference the item on our website at RalphLauren.com, contact a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674, or email us at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com.
Cashmere Care
Ralph Lauren cashmere is among the finest in the world and with proper care, your sweaters can be worn for a lifetime.
The qualities that make cashmere so precious also make it very delicate, so gentle handling is required to keep it looking new.
Hand-wash in cold water
Use a mild detergent
Let soak for a minimum of 30 minutes
Rinse well with room temperature water
Lay flat to dry (this can take several days)
When storing, fold and lay flat—never hang cashmere
The Ralph Lauren Policy on Fur
Ralph Lauren has a long-standing commitment not to use fur products in our apparel and accessories. All furlike pieces featured in the Collection are constructed from shearling.
Protecting Our Brands
How do I know if a Ralph Lauren product I’ve purchased is a counterfeit?
A counterfeit product is a fake or imitation made with the goal of tricking you into believing it is genuine. Counterfeit Ralph Lauren products are typically of poor quality and lack the details that make each Ralph Lauren product high quality.
How is Ralph Lauren addressing the issue of counterfeit luxury goods?
In order to maintain the reputation of our brand, we take every legal measure possible to stop counterfeiters, and the shops, websites, vendors, and flea markets that sell fake Ralph Lauren products. Ralph Lauren works with local and state enforcement in addition to US and foreign customs officials to try to prevent the sale of counterfeit goods.
What are the consequences of purchasing counterfeit merchandise?
The purchase of counterfeit merchandise supports its production, which eliminates tens of thousands of jobs held with legitimate businesses, jeopardizes fair wages and workplace safety, and negatively affects economic growth. In addition, counterfeit items may pose a health and safety risk to the consumer. The sale of counterfeit products has been linked to organized crime, drug trafficking, and support of terrorist organizations.
Where can I buy authentic Ralph Lauren merchandise?
Authentic Ralph Lauren merchandise can be purchased directly from a Ralph Lauren store, Ralph Lauren Factory store, RalphLauren.com, or approved retail stores, department stores, distributors, and websites. Ralph Lauren does not sell merchandise through other sources such as individuals, internet auctions, and flea markets. Merchandise presented by these sources as Ralph Lauren is likely to be counterfeit or stolen property.
Contact our Customer Assistance department at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com or by phone at 888-475-7674 should you have any questions about authorized stores, distributors or websites.
Where can I report counterfeit Ralph Lauren merchandise?
If you have information about counterfeit Ralph Lauren merchandise, please contact us via email at RL-Counterfeits@ralphlauren.com or by phone at 888-475-7674.
Sizing Guidelines
Finding the Right Size
Please use the following guidelines along with a fabric tape measure to be certain you’re ordering the right size. When taking your measurements, wear little or no clothing.
Waist - Measure around your natural waistline, keeping the tape comfortably loose.
Hips - Stand with your heels together and measure around the fullest part of your hips.
Chest - Wrap the tape around the fullest part of your chest or bust, including your shoulder blades, then drop your arms to your sides to measure.
Neck - Measure around the middle of neck (at the Adam’s apple). Allow room for your index finger to fit between the tape and your neck for a comfortable fit.
Inseam - With the appropriate shoes on, measure from your crotch to your desired pant length.
Size Charts
Because sizes across our brands vary, we offer size charts for all clothing to help you find the best fit. Click on the “Size Chart” link on any item’s product page for the most accurate/specific size information.
Pricing Guarantee
RalphLauren.com Pricing Guarantee
We work hard to ensure the accuracy of pricing at RalphLauren.com, but despite our best efforts, pricing errors may occur. In the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error, RalphLauren.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.
Promotion Codes
Steps for redeeming a Promotional Code:
Enter your Promotional Code in Shopping Bag or Checkout.
Click “Apply.”
If your Promotional Code qualifies, your deduction will be displayed in the payment summary. To enter more than one promotional code, enter each code individually in the promotional code box and click “Apply.”
Please note that we reserve the right to cancel orders in the event that an unauthorized promotion code is used.
Payment Method
Credit cards accepted:
American Express
Discover
MasterCard
Visa
Other forms of payment:
Online gift certificates
Ralph Lauren gift cards
PayPal
PayPal Credit
Credit Card gift cards*
Klarna
We do not accept:
CODs
Layaway plan
Personal checks
Money orders
Important information about payment:
For your convenience, your credit card information can be stored in your RalphLauren.com account. This is secure information and cannot be accessed by anyone other than the account holder. For more information, see our Privacy Notice. For added security, your billing address at RalphLauren.com must exactly match the address on file at your credit card company. The processing of your order may be delayed if these addresses are different.
An authorization hold is placed on the card at the time of order placement, but your credit card will not be charged until your order ships. For orders that ship the same day as they are placed, the authorization hold may appear as a second charge. This hold is released from the account within 3–5 business days depending on your bank’s specific policies. If you are using a debit or check card for payment, the funds will immediately be deducted from your account.
*Credit Card gift cards can only be redeemed for orders less than the full amount available on the gift card. Orders cannot be split between two forms of payment when using a Credit Card gift card.
Credit Card ID Number/CCV
This is a 3- or 4-digit number printed on your card required as an added safeguard for online purchases.
American Express
4 digits; far right on the front of your card.
Visa or MasterCard
3 digits; back of your card near the signature panel.
If your credit card does not show an ID Number, you are not required to enter one.
PayPal
See PayPal FAQs
Sign Up for PayPal Now
See PayPal Credit FAQs
Canceling or Changing an Order
CANCELING OR CHANGING AN ORDER
Because we start processing your order as quickly as possible, we cannot make changes after it is placed. You may request the cancellation of your order within approximately 1 hour after placement.
REGISTERED CUSTOMERS
Sign in to My Account and click Cancel Order
NON-REGISTERED CUSTOMERS
Click Check Order and enter your Order Number, Order Email Address, and Billing Zip Code. Under Recent Orders, click Cancel Order.
If you are unable to cancel your order, you may return your purchase for a refund. Please click here to learn more about making a return.
Paying With Klarna
Shop Now, Pay Later With Klarna!
Klarna allows customers in the US to split eligible purchases into four interest-free payments at checkout. You will be charged for the first of four payments when your order is shipped. The three remaining payments will be automatically charged to your credit or debit card every two weeks thereafter. All items in your cart must be eligible to qualify for Klarna. The total amount of your purchase must be less than $2,500 to use Klarna. Gift cards cannot be purchased using Klarna.
HOW TO CHECK OUT WITH KLARNA
If your basket is eligible for four interest-free payments with Klarna, the option will be presented at checkout.
Enter your card information or sign in with your Klarna account.
Place your order and pay your first installment with Klarna.
Easily manage your purchases and payments at Klarna.com or on the Klarna app.
HOW DO AUTOMATIC PAYMENTS WORK?
The first payment installment will be charged when your order is shipped. Subsequent payments are automatically charged every two weeks to the debit or credit card you provide at the time of purchase. All scheduled payments are communicated to you by email and you can review your purchases by logging in to your account online or on the app.
IS THERE A FEE TO USE FOUR INTEREST-FREE INSTALLMENTS?
There are no fees when you follow the payment schedule. Please review product terms for applicable fees.
WILL THIS AFFECT MY CREDIT SCORE?
When you choose four interest-free installments, Klarna may perform a soft credit check. This type of check will not impact your credit score or show up as a hard inquiry on your credit report.
WHICH PAYMENT METHODS ARE ACCEPTED?
Klarna currently accepts all major debit and credit cards (i.e., Mastercard, Visa, AMEX, Discover). Please note, prepaid cards, including gift cards, are not accepted.
SAFE AND SECURE
Klarna uses the latest safeguards and security to protect your information and prevent unauthorized purchases. You have zero fraud liability with Klarna’s Buyer Protection policy. View complete terms here
HOW CAN I REACH KLARNA?
You can reach Klarna’s customer service anytime here or by downloading the Klarna App for 24/7 chat.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Don’t see your question here? Check out Klarna’s full FAQ page here or by downloading the Klarna App for 24/7 chat.
UK and California Transparency Acts
Ralph Lauren Corporationand its affiliates and subsidiaries (including CHAPS and CLUB MONACO), has built its brand around the consistent production of high-quality products, from apparel and home furnishings to fragrances and accessories, and its commitment to conducting business according to the highest ethical and legal standards.
We require all suppliers, factories, and contractors to adhere to our Operating Guidelines which set forth our business, legal, and ethical expectations and standards in the following areas: occupational health and safety, fair wages and benefits, work hours, transparent record-keeping practices, freedom of association, sub-contracting, customs compliance, product safety, conflicts of interest, anti-bribery, environmental sustainability, and prohibitions on child labor, forced labor, prison labor, discrimination, and harassment. In addition to our Operating Guidelines, our Foreign Migrant Workers Policy mandates ethical recruitment practices, including mandatory local language employment contracts, and the prohibition of worker-paid fees and end of contract travel expenses.
Ralph Lauren Corporation supports the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 and the UK 2015 Modern Slavery Act.
Ralph Lauren Corporation requires all of its suppliers to prohibit the hiring of slave labor and prevent practices that could contribute to human trafficking.
To eradicate slavery and human trafficking from our supply chain, we:
verify product supply chains using third-party auditors to ensure that our product supply chains are compliant with our Operating Guidelines and all applicable laws and regulations prohibiting slave labor and human trafficking;
conduct independent audits of our suppliers to evaluate their compliance with our Operating Guidelines and all applicable laws and regulations prohibiting slave labor and human trafficking;
require certification by our suppliers that materials incorporated into our products comply with our Operating Guidelines and all applicable laws and regulations prohibiting slave labor and human trafficking in countries where our suppliers are doing business;
maintain internal accountability standards and procedures for employees and contractors failing to meet our Operating Guidelines prohibiting slave labor and human trafficking; and
provide training for our supply chain executives and employees on the prevention of human trafficking and slave labor.
Ralph Lauren Corporation's reputation for product excellence begins in our suppliers' facilities.
Terms of Use & Copyright
Your Use of This Site Is Governed By An Agreement To Arbitrate Disputes. You Agree To Submit All Disputes Concerning This Agreement, Your Use of This Web site, and Any Products or Services You Purchase Through the Web site To Confidential, Binding Individual Arbitration, And You Agree To Give Up Your Right To Represent Other Persons In A Class Action or Similar Proceeding.
Terms of Use
Please carefully read the following Terms of Use before using the RalphLauren.com website (the “Site”). By accessing this Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use may be updated from time to time. Accordingly, you should check the date of the Terms of Use (which appear at the end of this document) and review any changes since the last version. If at any time you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site.
This Site is operated by Ralph Lauren Media LLC (“Ralph Lauren”). Throughout the Site, the terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Ralph Lauren. Ralph Lauren offers this Site, including all information, tools and services available from this Site, to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all the terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here. Your continued use of this Site constitutes your agreement to these Terms of Use.
Accuracy, Completeness, and Timeliness of Information on This Site
We are not responsible if information made available on this Site is not accurate, complete, or current. The material on this Site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete, or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this Site is at your own risk. This Site may contain certain historical information. Historical information is not necessarily current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this Site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the Site.
Orders, Prohibition on Reselling, and Price
The information on this Site does not constitute a binding offer to sell products described on the Site or to make such products available in your area. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order, or any portion thereof, in our sole discretion, even after your receipt of an order confirmation or after your credit card has been charged. You may not purchase any item from this Site for resale by you or any other person, and you may not resell any item purchased from this Site. The prices displayed on the Site are quoted in US dollars and are intended to be valid and effective only in the United States. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price, we have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed or your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we will issue a credit to your credit card account.
Product Information
Select product can be found in our full price stores in the United States while supplies last. In some cases, merchandise displayed for sale on the Site may not be available in stores. The particular technical specifications and settings of your computer and its display could affect the accuracy of its display of the colors of products offered on the Site.
Use of Material on the Site
All content on this Site (including, without limitation, text, design, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, downloads, interfaces, code, and software, as well as the selection and arrangement thereof) is the exclusive property of and owned by Ralph Lauren, its licensors, or its content providers and is protected by copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws. You may access, copy, download, and print the material contained on the Site for your personal and non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notice that appears on the material you access, copy, download, or print. Any other use of content on the Site, including but not limited to the modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, transfer or sale of, or the creation of derivative works from, any material, information, software, products or services obtained from the Site, or use of the Site for purposes competitive to Ralph Lauren, is expressly prohibited. Ralph Lauren reserves the right to refuse or cancel any person’s registration for this Site, remove any person from this Site, or prohibit any person from using this Site for any reason whatsoever. Ralph Lauren, or its licensors or content providers, retain full and complete title to the material provided on the Site, including all associated intellectual property rights, and provide this material to you under a license that is revocable at any time in Ralph Lauren’s sole discretion. Ralph Lauren neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with Ralph Lauren.
You may not use contact information provided on the Site for unauthorized purposes, including marketing. You may not use any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of the Site or to surreptitiously intercept any system, data, or personal information from the Site. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Site in any way. Ralph Lauren reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit or terminate your access to or use of the Site at any time without notice. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges or other liabilities that you incur prior to termination. Termination of your access or use will not waive or affect any other right or relief to which Ralph Lauren may be entitled, at law or in equity.
Material You Submit
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any material you may submit via the Site, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright of any such material. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this Site any content that (i) is false, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, infringing on intellectual property rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable; (ii) may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law; or (iii) may contain software viruses, political campaigning, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of spam. You may not use a false email address or other identifying information, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. You may not upload commercial content onto the Site.
If you do submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Ralph Lauren and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such material throughout the world in any media. You grant Ralph Lauren and its affiliates the right to use the name you submit in connection with such material, if they so choose. All personal information provided via this Site will be handled in accordance with the Site’s online Privacy Notice. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all the rights to the content you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate any provision herein and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Ralph Lauren for all claims resulting from content you supply.
Conduct on the Site
Some features that may be available on this Site require registration. By registering at and in consideration of your use of the Site, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself.
Some features on this Site require use of a password. You are responsible for protecting your password. You agree that you will be responsible for any and all statements made, and acts or omissions that occur, through the use of your password. If you have any reason to believe or become aware of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your password, notify Ralph Lauren immediately. Ralph Lauren may assume that any communications Ralph Lauren receives under your password have been made by you unless Ralph Lauren receives notice otherwise.
You or third parties acting on your behalf are not allowed to frame this Site or use our proprietary marks as meta tags, without our written consent. These marks include, but are not limited to, “Polo,” “Ralph Lauren,” “Polo Ralph Lauren,” and “Lauren.” You may not use frames or utilize framing techniques or technology to enclose any content included on the Site without Ralph Lauren’s express written consent. Further, you may not utilize any Site content in any meta tags or any other “hidden text” techniques or technologies without Ralph Lauren’s express written consent.
Links
This Site may contain links to other websites, some of which are operated by Ralph Lauren or its affiliates and others of which are operated by third parties. These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained therein. We have not necessarily reviewed all the information on those other sites and are not responsible for the content of those or any other sites or any products or services that may be offered through those or any other sites. Inclusion of links to other sites should not be viewed as an endorsement of the content of linked sites. Different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any linked Sites. Ralph Lauren is not responsible for any losses, damages, or other liabilities incurred as a result of your use of any linked sites.
Trademarks and Copyrights
Trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Ralph Lauren Media LLC and Ralph Lauren Corporation, their licensors or content providers, or other third parties. All of these trademarks, logos, and service marks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing on this Site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo, or service mark displayed on the Site without the owner’s prior written permission, except as otherwise described herein. Ralph Lauren reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Site and its content. This Site and all of its content, including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces, and code, and the selection and arrangement thereof, is protected as a compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries.
Infringement Notice
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and request that you do the same. If you think your work has been copied in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify our Legal Department, who can be reached at:
625 Madison Avenue
New York, New York
Or by phone at: 212-705-8200
In order for us to more effectively assist you, the notification must include ALL of the following:
1.        A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on the owner’s behalf;
2.        A description of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed;
3.        Information reasonably sufficient to locate the material in question on the Site;
4.        Your name, address, telephone number, email address, and all other information reasonably sufficient to permit Ralph Lauren to contact you;
5.        A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
6.        A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Ralph Lauren is under no obligation to post, forward, transmit, distribute, or otherwise provide any material available on this Site, including material you provide to us, and so we have an absolute right to remove any material from the Site in our sole discretion at any time.
DISCLAIMERS
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO RESTRICT OR TERMINATE YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE OR ANY FEATURE OR PART THEREOF AT ANY TIME. RALPH LAUREN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MATERIALS ON THE SITE ARE NONINFRINGING, AS WELL AS WARRANTIES IMPLIED FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR COURSE OF DEALING; THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT THE SITE WILL BE SECURE; THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THE SITE AVAILABLE WILL BE VIRUS-FREE; OR THAT INFORMATION ON THE SITE WILL BE COMPLETE, ACCURATE, OR TIMELY. IF YOU DOWNLOAD ANY MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIALS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM RALPH LAUREN OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. RALPH LAUREN DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS, THE LAW MAY NOT PERMIT THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY INFORMATION YOU SEND OR RECEIVE DURING YOUR USE OF THE SITE MAY NOT BE SECURE AND MAY BE INTERCEPTED BY UNAUTHORIZED PARTIES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT THE SITE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU AT NO CHARGE. RECOGNIZING SUCH, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER RALPH LAUREN NOR ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE SITE, OR ANY OTHER SITE YOU ACCESS THROUGH A LINK FROM THIS SITE OR FROM ANY ACTIONS WE TAKE OR FAIL TO TAKE AS A RESULT OF COMMUNICATIONS YOU SEND TO US, OR THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ADVERTISED IN OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, RALPH LAUREN’S REMOVAL OR DELETION OF ANY MATERIALS SUBMITTED OR POSTED ON ITS SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF RALPH LAUREN, ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. THIS DISCLAIMER APPLIES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY ARISING FROM ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECTS, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUSES, FILE CORRUPTION, COMMUNICATION-LINE FAILURE, NETWORK OR SYSTEM OUTAGE, YOUR LOSS OF PROFITS, OR THEFT, DESTRUCTION, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, LOSS OR USE OF ANY RECORD OR DATA, AND ANY OTHER TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE LOSS. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NEITHER RALPH LAUREN NOR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER OF THE SITE. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY OF THE ABOVE CLAIMS OR ANY DISPUTE WITH RALPH LAUREN IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THE SITE. YOU AND RALPH LAUREN AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES OR THE CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, ALL OR A PORTION OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Ralph Lauren and its affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, and suppliers from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from your use of the Site and any violation of these Terms of Use. If you cause a technical disruption of the Site or the systems transmitting the Site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, arising or resulting from that disruption. Ralph Lauren reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such case, you agree to cooperate with Ralph Lauren in the defense of such matter.
Applicable Law
The laws of the State of New York govern these Terms of Use and your use of the Site. We recognize that it is possible for you to obtain access to this Site from any jurisdiction in the world, but we have no practical ability to prevent such access. This Site has been designed to comply with the laws of the State of New York and of the United States. If any material on this Site, or your use of the Site, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access it, the Site is not intended for you, and we ask you not to use the Site. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them.
Disputes
Ralph Lauren, including its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors and assigns, and you agree that any and all disputes or claims relating in any way to these Terms of Use, your use of the Site, or to any products or services sold or distributed by us through any retail channel or through the Site, or to any dispute of any nature between you and Ralph Lauren, including disputes concerning the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitration (“Disputes”), as well as questions as to the arbitrability of any and all Disputes, and even if the events giving rise to Disputes occurred before this Terms of Use became effective, will be resolved in a confidential, individual and fair arbitration process, and not in court. Each of us agrees to give up our right to sue in court (except small claims court), our right to have our claims heard by a jury, and our right to represent, in a class action or otherwise, anyone but ourselves.
The only exceptions to this arbitration agreement are that (i) each of you and we retain the right to sue in small claims court and (ii) each of you and we may bring suit in court against the other to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
This agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, and federal arbitration law apply and govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Terms of Use.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Terms of Use as a court would.
Commencing DIsputes
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Wilmington, DE 19808. During the first 45 days after we receive your notice (the “Pre-Arbitration Period”), we may try to reach a settlement of the dispute. If we do not resolve the dispute ourselves within the Pre-Arbitration Period, you may commence arbitration. The arbitration will be conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”), pursuant to the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures effective July 1, 2014 (the “JAMS Rules”), as modified by this Agreement. The JAMS Rules are available at at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/ www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-352-5267.
Arbitration firms ordinarily charge fees to both sides to conduct arbitrations. The claimant in arbitration heard by JAMS has to pay $250 to start a case, whether the claimant wins or loses. In the event you commence arbitration for an amount less than $10,000, after we receive notice that you have done so, we will reimburse you for your payment of this filing fee and we will pay JAMS any case management fees associated with the arbitration and the professional fees for the arbitrator’s services, pursuant to the JAMS Rules. We will not seek to recover the filing fee we reimbursed to you unless the arbitrator determines that you brought your claim frivolously or for an improper purpose.
Each of us may incur attorneys’ fees during the arbitration. Each of us will bear our own attorneys’ fees, except in the following circumstances. If applicable law permits a prevailing party to recover attorneys’ fees, the prevailing party may seek fees as applicable law permits. If applicable law does not permit a prevailing party to recover its attorneys’ fees, but you prevail in the arbitration and win an award at least 25% greater than our highest pre-arbitration settlement offer, then we will pay your reasonable attorneys’ fees for time reasonably expended at rates that prevail for attorneys in your home county, in an amount not to exceed the greater of $10,000 or 20% of the arbitrator’s damages award to you. If we prevail in the arbitration, we will seek to recover our reasonable attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of arbitration costs only if applicable law permits a prevailing party to see fees or if the arbitrator finds that you brought a claim frivolously or for an improper purpose and applicable law does not preclude us from seeking our fees and costs.
The Arbitration
The arbitration will be conducted by one neutral arbitrator selected with the participation and involvement of both parties pursuant to the JAMS Rules.
If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree, pursuant to the JAMS Rules, that the dispute should be resolved without an oral hearing, unless the arbitrator requests otherwise. Any in-person hearing for a claim of less than $10,000 must be conducted in New York, New York. If your claim is for more than $10,000, the manner and place of the hearing will be determined in accordance with the JAMS Rules.
Regardless of how the arbitration proceeds, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain his or her findings and conclusions. The arbitrator’s decision and award are final and binding, subject only to the limited court review permitted under the FAA, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Class Action Waiver: No Consolidation of Arbitral Claims
We agree that the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. The arbitrator may not order us to pay any monies to or take any actions with respect to persons other than you, unless we explicitly consent in advance, after an arbitrator is selected, to permit the arbitrator to enter such an order. YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE OR MULTI-CLAIMANT PROCEEDING. Further, unless we both agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate other persons’ claims with yours or ours, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, multi-claimant or class arbitration proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial and we each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in New York County, New York.
Changes to These Terms of Use
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms of Use at any time by posting revised terms on the Site. It is your responsibility to check periodically for any changes we may make to these Terms of Use. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to these Terms of Use or other policies means you accept the changes.
In the event we make material changes to the Terms of Use, notice of these changes will be posted on the homepage of this website and the revised Terms of Use will take effect 30 days after their publication on this Site.
Entire Agreement and Admissibility
This agreement and any policies or operating rules posted on this Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Ralph Lauren with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. A printed version of these Terms of Use shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to use of the Site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Severability
If any provision of this agreement is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the agreement will remain in place.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about these Terms of Use or this Site, please contact a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674 or email us at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com.
Operating Guidelines
RALPH LAUREN OPERATING GUIDELINES
RALPH LAUREN CORPORATION and its affiliates and subsidiaries (including CHAPS and CLUB MONACO) are dedicated to conducting our operations throughout the world on principles of ethical business practices and the recognition of the dignity of their employees. We expect our business partners and their suppliers, product suppliers, material and trim suppliers, service providers, and subcontractors to respect and adhere to our guidelines and to all applicable laws and regulations in the operation of their business.   If the Company’s Guidelines or Policies conflict with a law, the highest standard shall prevail.
Our business partners and their affiliates must be transparent in all record keeping and embrace a fundamental effort toward operational efficiencies, social compliance, environmental sustainability and continuous improvement.
LEGAL AND ETHICAL STANDARDS
Our Suppliers must comply with all international, national and local laws including but not limited to:  International Trade, Hazardous Substances, Product Safety, Anti-bribery, Conflicts of Interest, Labor and Intellectual Property.
International Trade Compliance – Suppliers must comply with all applicable international laws relating to the import and export of products including country of origin labeling and product labeling. Suppliers are expected to participate in the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program (C-TPAT) as directed by the US Department of Homeland Security for all products and services.
Product Safety and Continuing Hazardous Substances Guarantee – Suppliers must comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to product safety and hazardous substances for the state and the country of sale. We abide by the American Apparel and Footwear Association’s Restricted Substance Listing and REACH regulations.
Conflicts of Interest / Anti-Bribery – Suppliers shall never offer or except, either directly or indirectly, compensation of any value (gifts, discounts, services, loans, payments) to or from any Ralph Lauren employee or affiliate, service provider or to government or political officials.
Subcontracting – Suppliers may only subcontract to preapproved suppliers for manufacturing or services according to our corporate requirements.  Suppliers are responsible for ensuring that their subcontracted suppliers meet the same criteria herein. We have zero tolerance for unapproved and/or unauthorized subcontractors.
LABOR STANDARDS
Employment Relationships – All engagement and employment of work must be strictly voluntary.  Obligations to employees under labor or social security laws and regulations arising from the regular employment relationship shall not be avoided through the use of schemes designed to circumvent national or local wages, benefits or other labor laws.  Suppliers should use temporary contracts only when absolutely necessary and to gradually provide permanent employment.
Wages and Benefits - Suppliers must comply with all laws regulating national and local wages, overtime compensation, and legally mandated benefits.  Wage and benefit policies must be consistent with prevailing national standards.  Wages should be paid timely and include a wage calculation for each pay period.
Working Hours – All regular and overtime hours must be voluntary and in accordance with national laws. Employees must not be required to work excessive working hours and overtime and have at least one day off in seven.
Transparent Record Keeping – We have zero tolerance for incomplete record keeping.  We expect that all record keeping will be accurate and transparent at all times.
Health and Safety – Suppliers must ensure that their employees are provided a safe and healthy work environment.  Workers are not subject to unsanitary or hazardous living or working conditions.  Supplier-provided housing facilities shall be in a separate building and not attached to factory or warehouse facilities.  Every supplier has an obligation to building and fire safety and must practice emergency evacuations regularly and inspect exit doors for proper emergency use several times daily.
Child Labor - Suppliers must not use child labor, defined as employees under the age of 16.  Employees between the ages of 16 and 18 should not be subject to night work or hazardous work. Apprenticeship programs will be reviewed on an individual basis.
Freedom of Association - Suppliers should respect the legal rights of employees to freely, and without harassment, participate in organizations of their choice and to bargain collectively.  Where the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining is restricted under law, the supplier allows the development of parallel means for independent and free association and bargaining.  Workers who have made the decision to participate in such organizations shall not be the object of discrimination or disciplinary actions.  Representatives of the organizations shall have access to their members under conditions of local laws or mutual agreement between the employer and the organization.
Forced or Bonded Labor - Suppliers will not work with or arrange for purchase of any materials or services that supports or utilizes forced labor, bonded labor, or labor obtained through human trafficking, coercion or slavery.  All labor must be strictly voluntary.
Disciplinary Practices - Suppliers will not employ any form of physical or mental coercion, or punishment or monetary fines against employees.
Discrimination and Harassment - Suppliers will not practice any form of discrimination or harassment in hiring and employment, including pay, based on race, color, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, and ethnic or national origin or any other characteristic protected by law.
ANIMAL WELFARE AND ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS
Our Suppliers must embrace a fundamental concern for animal welfare and for environmental protection and conduct their operations consistent with local and internationally recognized environmental laws and best practices.  They must also operate and source in such a manner that respects the environment and local communities, with particular concern to avoid deforestation, pollution, habitat loss and rising greenhouse gas emissions.
Animal Sourcing Principles – Suppliers must share our commitment to principles, practices and regulations that require animals in our supply chain to be treated ethically and humanely. We expect suppliers to comply with the Five Animal Freedoms in the care of any animals.
Environmental Permits - Suppliers must comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations in the country where they operate.  All relevant licenses and permits must be current.
Wastewater Management – Suppliers should strive to use water efficiently. All discharges of wastewater must be in compliance with relevant local laws or Business for Social Responsibility Guidelines.
Waste Management – Suppliers should strive to minimize waste and have procedures in place to properly dispose of both hazardous and nonhazardous waste.
Chemical Management – Chemicals must be properly stored and labelled.  Chemicals used in our product must comply with the American Apparel and Footwear Association’s Restricted Substance Listing and REACH regulations.
Last Revision: May 2019
Accessibility Policy & Multi-Year Accessibility Plan
Accessibility Policy
and Multi-Year Accessibility Plan
In compliance with Ontario Regulation 191/11 under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (“AODA”)
Introduction
The Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulations (“IASR”) under the AODA require that Ralph Lauren Canada LP (“Ralph Lauren”) establish, implement, maintain and document its accessibility policies and multi-year accessibility plan (the “Accessibility Plan”), which outlines Ralph Lauren’ strategy for preventing and removing barriers for persons with disabilities and to meet our requirements under the IASR and the AODA.
The Accessibility Policy and Multi-Year Accessibility Plan will be publicly available, including in an accessible format upon request.  The Accessibility Plan will be reviewed and updated, if applicable, at least once every five years.
Application
The Accessibility Policy and Multi-Year Accessibility Plan applies to all employees and customers of Ralph Lauren in Ontario, and, where indicated, to any independent contractors providing services on behalf of Ralph Lauren in Ontario. This policy reflects the company’s obligations as an employer with fewer than 50 employees in Ontario.  Should that change, this document will be updated accordingly.
Our Commitment
In fulfilling our mission, Ralph Lauren strives to treat all individuals in a manner that allows them to maintain their dignity and independence.  Ralph Lauren promotes integration and equal opportunity and is committed to meeting the needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner.  We will seek to achieve this by preventing and removing barriers to accessibility and by meeting accessibility requirements under the AODA.  This Accessibility Policy and Multi-Year Accessibility Plan sets out Ralph Lauren’ policy on how we will achieve accessibility generally, as well as in employment, and information and communications.
Under the IASR, the following accessibility strategies set out the requirements that are applicable to Ralph Lauren:
Training;
Information and Communication;
Employment; and
Design of Public Spaces Standards.
Accessibility Standards for Customer Service
In accordance with its customer service standard requirements under the IASR, Ralph Lauren is committed to providing exceptional customer service to all of its customers and clients. For more information, please refer to Ralph Lauren’Accessible Customer Service Policy.
Accessible Emergency Information
Ralph Lauren is committed to providing the customers and clients with publicly available emergency information in an accessible way upon request.
Ralph Lauren will also provide employees with disabilities with individualized emergency response information when necessary.
Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulations (IASR)
The following sets out how Ralph Lauren is committed to complying with the IASR.
Training
Ralph Lauren is committed to providing training on the requirements of the accessibility standards referred to in the IASR and on the Human Rights Code, as it pertains to persons with disabilities.
In accordance with the IASR, Ralph Lauren will:
determine and ensure that appropriate training on the requirements of the IASR and on the Human Rights Code as it pertains to persons with disabilities, is provided to all employees and volunteers, all other persons providing goods and services on behalf of Ralph Lauren in Ontario, and persons participating in the development and approval of Ralph Lauren’ policies;
ensure training is appropriate to the duties of the persons referenced above;
ensure that the training is provided to persons referenced above as soon as practicable;
keep and maintain a record of the training provided, including the dates that the training was provided and the number of individuals to whom it was provided; and
ensure that training is provided on any changes to Ralph Lauren’ policies on an ongoing basis.
Required Legislative Compliance: January 1, 2016
Information and Communication
Ralph Lauren is committed to making company information and communications accessible to persons with disabilities. Ralph Lauren will incorporate new accessibility requirements under the information and communication standards to ensure that its information and communications systems and platforms are accessible and are provided, upon request, in accessible formats that meet the needs of persons with disabilities.
Feedback, Accessible Formats and Communication Supports
In accordance with the IASR, Ralph Lauren will:
ensure that existing and new processes for receiving and responding to feedback are accessible to persons with disabilities by providing or arranging for the provision of accessible formats and communication supports, upon request and in a timely manner;
more broadly, as a general principle where accessible formats and communication supports for persons with disabilities are requested:
provide or arrange for the provision of such accessible formats and communication supports;
consult with the person making the request to determine the suitability of the accessible format or communication support;
provide or arrange for the provision of accessible formats and communication supports in a timely manner that takes into account the person’s accessibility needs due to disability, and at a cost no more than the regular cost charged to other persons; and
notify the public about the availability of accessible formats and communication supports.
Legislative Compliance Deadline:
January 1, 2016 – feedback
January 1, 2017 – accessible formats and communication supports.
Accessible Websites and Web Content
While Ralph Lauren does not currently have any Ontario-based web sites, in accordance with the IASR, Ralph Lauren will work toward making any future Ontario-based websites and web content conform with the World Wide Consortium Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.0) Level AA in the future.
Employment
a.  Recruitment
Ralph Lauren is committed to fair and accessible employment recruiting practices that attract and retain employees with disabilities. This includes providing accessibility across all stages of the employment cycle.
In accordance with the IASR, Ralph Lauren will do the following:
Recruitment General
Ralph Lauren will notify employees and the public of the availability of accommodation for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment process. This will include:
review and, as necessary, modification of existing recruitment policies, procedures and processes;
specifying that accommodation is available for applicants with disabilities, on Ralph Lauren’ website and on job postings; and
Recruitment, assessment and selection
Ralph Lauren will notify job applicants, when they are individually selected to participate in an assessment or selection process and inform them that accommodations are available upon request in relation to the materials or processes to be used in the assessment/selection process. This will include:
a review and, as necessary, modification of existing recruitment policies,  procedures and processes;
inclusion of availability of accommodation notice as part of the script in the scheduling of an interview and/or assessment; and
if a selected applicant requests an accommodation, a consultation with the applicant and arrangement for provision of suitable accommodations in a manner that takes into account the applicant’s accessibility needs due to the disability; and
Notice to Successful Applicants
When making offers of employment, Ralph Lauren will notify the successful applicant of its policies for accommodating employees with disabilities. This will include:
a review and, as necessary, modification of existing recruitment policies, procedures and processes; and
inclusion of notification of Ralph Lauren’ policies on accommodating employees with disabilities in offer of employment letters.
Legislative Compliance Deadline: January 1, 2017
Informing Employees of Supports and General Provision of Accessible Formats and Communications Supports
In accordance with the IASR, Ralph Lauren will inform all employees of policies that support employees with disabilities, including, but not limited to, policies on the provision of job accommodations that take into account an employee’s accessibility needs due to a disability.  This will include:
informing current employees and new hires of Ralph Lauren’ policies supporting employees with disabilities, including, but not limited to, policies on the provision of job accommodations that take into account an employee’s needs due to disability;
providing information as soon as practicable after the new employee begins employment, specifically in the orientation process;
keeping employees up to date on changes to existing policies on job accommodations with respect to disabilities;
where an employee with a disability so requests it, Ralph Lauren will provide or arrange for provision of suitable accessible formats and communications supports for:
information that is needed in order to perform the employee’s job;
information that is generally available to employees in the workplace; and
in meeting the obligations to provide the information that is set out above, Ralph Lauren will consult with the requesting employee in determining the suitability of an accessible format or communication support.
Legislative Compliance Deadline: January 1, 2017
Documented Individual Accommodation Plans/Return to Work Process
Ralph Lauren will incorporate new accessibility requirements under the IASR to ensure that barriers in accommodation and return to work processes are eliminated and corporate policies surrounding accommodation and return to work are followed, where applicable.
Ralph Lauren’ existing policies and practices include steps that Ralph Lauren will take to accommodate employees with disabilities and to facilitate employees’ return to work after absence due to disability.
Ralph Lauren will review and assess existing policies to ensure that they include steps that Ralph Lauren will take to accommodate employees with disabilities and to facilitate employees’ return to work after absence due to disability. Ralph Lauren will also ensure that they include a process for the development of documented individual accommodation plans for employees with disabilities, if such plans are required.
In accordance with the provisions of the IASR, Ralph Lauren will ensure that the process for the development of documented individual accommodation plans includes the following elements:
information regarding the manner in which the employee requesting accommodation can participate in the development of the plan;
information regarding the means by which the employee is assessed on an individual basis;
information regarding the manner in which Ralph Lauren can request an evaluation by an outside medical or other expert, at Ralph Lauren’ expense, to assist Ralph Lauren in determining if and how accommodation can be achieved;
steps to protect the privacy of the employee’s personal information;
information regarding the frequency with which individual accommodation plans will be reviewed and updated and the manner in which this will be done;
the reasons for a denial if an individual accommodation plan is denied;
information regarding the means of providing the individual accommodation plan in a format that takes into account the employee’s accessibility needs;
the following will be included if individual accommodation plans are established:
any information regarding accessible formats and communication supports that have been provided for or arranged, in order to provide the employee with:
information that is needed in order to perform the employee’s job;
information that is generally available to employees in the workplace; and
identify any other accommodation that is to be provided to the employee.
Ralph Lauren will ensure that the return to work process as set out in its existing policies outlines:
the steps Ralph Lauren will take to facilitate the employee’s return to work after a disability-related absence;
the development of a written individualized return to work plan for such employees; and
the use of individual accommodation plans, as discussed above, in the return to work process.
Legislative Compliance Deadline: January 1, 2017
Performance Management, Career Development and Redeployment
Ralph Lauren will take into account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities, as well as individual accommodation plans:
when using its performance management process in respect of employees with disabilities;
when providing career development and advancement to employees with disabilities; and
when redeploying employees with disabilities.
In accordance with the IASR, the Ralph Lauren will:
review, assess and, as necessary, modify existing policies, procedures and practices to ensure compliance with the IASR;
take the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities and, as applicable, their individualized accommodation plans, into account when:
assessing performance;
managing career development and advancement; and
redeployment is required.
review, assess and, as necessary, include in performance management workshops, accessibility criteria;
take into account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities when providing career development and advancement to its employees with disabilities, including notification of the ability to provide accommodations on internal job postings; and
take into account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities when redeploying employees, including review and, as necessary, modification of employee transfer checklist.
Legislative Compliance Deadline: January 1, 2017
5.       Design of Public Spaces
While Ralph Lauren has no current plans to engage in new construction or significant redevelopment of its facilities at present, Ralph Lauren will meet the Accessibility Standards for all built obligations should any such construction take place in the future.
Ralph Lauren will put procedures in place to prevent service disruption to its accessible parts of public spaces.  In the event of a service disruption, Ralph Lauren will notify the public of the service disruption and alternatives available.
Legislative Compliance Deadline: January 1, 2018
Information and Feedback
For more information on this accessibility plan or to provide feedback, please contact the Global People Practices at:
Phone: Make a Difference Hotline (1-877-4POLORL)
Email: GlobalPeoplePractices@RalphLauren.com
All feedback, including complaints, will be handled as quickly as possible.  We will consider your comments carefully, and you can expect to hear from us within a reasonable period of time.  Please understand that some inquiries may take longer to address.
Ralph Lauren will providing or arranging for accessible formats and communication supports, on request.
Accessible Customer Service Policy
Purpose
At Ralph Lauren Canada LP (“Ralph Lauren”), we are committed to providing exceptional customer service to all of our clients.  Making services accessible to persons with disabilities is an important part of this commitment to superior customer service.
We strive to provide our services  in a way that respects the dignity and independence of people with disabilities.  We are also committed to giving people with disabilities the same opportunity to access our services and allowing them to benefit from the same services  in the same place and in a similar way as other clients.
This policy establishes our commitment to accessible customer service under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the customer service standard requirements under Ontario Regulation 191/11, The Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulations.
Application
Ralph Lauren’s Accessible Customer Service Policy (“the Policy”) applies to all of our employees and managers, and to any third parties (e.g., contractors) who we may arrange to provide our goods and services on our behalf.  This policy applies to the extent that members of the public interact with our representatives directly and are able to directly access our services, products, and premises.
Communication
When communicating with people with disabilities, we will do so in ways that take into account their disability.  Accordingly, we will train any staff who communicate with clients on how to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities.
Assistive devices
People with disabilities are welcome to use their own personal assistive devices (e.g., white cane, wheelchair, hearing and visual aids) in order to access or use our facilities and obtain our services, to the extent that those facilities and services are made available and accessible to the general public.  We will train our staff to become familiar with various assistive devices that may be used by clients with disabilities while accessing our services.  We will also ensure that staff know how to use assistive devices that are available for clients on our premises.
Service animals and support persons
People with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal are welcome on all parts of our premises that are open to the public and other third parties.  Clients may keep the animal with him/her unless excluded by law, in which case, we will consider alternative measures to access to our services.  Our staff and others dealing with the public on our behalf will be trained on how to interact with people with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal.
Any person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person will be allowed to enter our facilities with his or her support person.  At no time will a person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person be prevented from having access to his or her support person while on our premises.
Notice of temporary disruption
In the event of a planned or unexpected disruption in facilities or services usually used by people with disabilities, Ralph Lauren will post a notice about the reason for the disruption, its anticipated duration, and a description of alternative facilities or services, if available.  The notice will be placed at or near the affected facility or service and/or through other means (e.g., website) where necessary.
Training for staff
We will provide training to all Ralph Lauren employees, all persons who are involved in the development and approval of Ralph Lauren policies, and all other persons who provide goods, services or facilities on behalf of Ralph Lauren.  This training will be provided shortly after staff commence their duties and/or upon changes to this Policy, practices and procedures.
Training will include the following:
The purposes of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the requirements of the customer service standard
How to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities
How to interact with people with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal or a support person
How to use various assistive devices available on our premises, if any
What to do if a person with a disability is having difficulty in accessing our facilities and services
Ralph Lauren policies, practices and procedures relating to the customer service standard.
Feedback process
We welcome any feedback on our goods, services, and facilities from people with disabilities.  Please send your comments to the following:
Ralph Lauren
Global People Practices (“GPP”)
625 Madison Avenue, 7thFloor
New York, New York 10022
Make a Difference Hotline (1-877-4POLORL). Alternatively, as another option you can also email GPP at: GlobalPeoplePractices@RalphLauren.com
All feedback, including complaints, will be handled as quickly as possible.  We will consider your comments carefully, and you can expect to hear from us within a reasonable period of time.  Please understand that some inquiries may take longer to address.
Note: copies of documents required under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 are available upon request.  Please notify us in advance if you require such documents in an alternative or accessible format.
Current Version Date: June 28, 2018
Gift services | online & in-store
Online Gift Services
We are pleased to offer gift box packaging, personal gift messaging, physical and virtual e-gift cards, gift card balance check, free returns and order status tracking.
GIFT PACKAGING
Gift boxes are offered with most purchases at RalphLauren.com for $5 per item. When prompted at checkout, just let us know that you’d like to make your purchase a gift.
Each gift will arrive elegantly presented in our signature navy gift box packaging, with tissue paper, a ribbon, and a gift invoice excluding pricing information.
On the bottom of each gift wrapped box is a small sticker that contains a number corresponding to each item on your packaging invoice.
Items must be gift packaged individually, with the exception of our pre-packaged gift sets.
Returning gifts by recipients is easy, since all gifts come with a gift receipt. Gift recipients who return an item will be issued a Virtual Gift Card from RalphLauren.com.
Personalized items cannot be returned.
PERSONAL GIFT MESSAGING
If you’ve entered a complimentary gift message at checkout, we will print your personal message on a card that is packed with your gift, as well as a receipt (excluding pricing information), that allows for easy returns.
GIFT RECEIPTS
To create a gift receipt, click the "Add a Gift Message" option during the checkout process. The recipient will then receive a gift receipt suppressing all merchandise pricing information.
Additionally, if you are buying multiple items, the "Add a Gift Message" checkbox must be selected next to each product in the order.
PHYSICAL & VIRTUAL GIFT CARDS
Send one of our beautifully packaged gift cards, redeemable in stores and online at RalphLauren.com, or email virtual gift cards, which will arrive within 24 hours.
Shop Gift Cards & Check Balance
EFFORTLESS RETURNS
If you are not entirely satisfied with your recent RalphLauren.com order, we will gladly accept the return of items that are in new condition and have not been worn, washed, or altered (excluding personalized items, gift boxes and home lighting
Returns must be made according to the guidelines of our Return Policy
To make a return by mail Click Here
To expedite your return process, start your return online here Free Online Returns
For additional return information, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
TRACK YOUR ORDER
If you are wondering where your order is, you can put in your order number, order email and billing zip code to track its location.
Track My Order
In-Store Gift Services
When visiting a Ralph Lauren store location, we are pleased to offer personal shopping, signature gift packaging, complimentary alterations, returns and unique personalization services.
PERSONAL SHOPPERS
We are happy to assist you with gift selections, and will provide you with the perfect options for everyone on your list.
SIGNATURE GIFT PACKAGING
With our compliments, each gift will be packaged in our signature navy gift box, with tissue paper and a ribbon.
COMPLIMENTARY ALTERATIONS
We offer complimentary alterations on full-price men’s suits and Collection apparel in select Ralph Lauren stores. Click here for a list of stores that offer these services. Customers must present a copy of their invoice to the store for alterations to be made. Alterations may take up to 10 days.
Complimentary alterations are made only on items purchased at full price (not on sale items). If you have purchased a men’s suit or women’s Collection item on sale and wish to have alterations made, you may visit any of the select Ralph Lauren stores that offer these services and pay an alterations fee.
If you have additional questions about alterations in our Ralph Lauren stores, contact a Customer Assistance representative at 888-475-7674 or email us at CustomerAssistance@RalphLauren.com.
STORE RETURNS
Returns are accepted at all of our domestic U.S. Ralph Lauren stores for an immediate credit (excluding outlet stores).
However, returns must be shipped back to our warehouse before a credit can be issued if the original payment method was PayPal.
All returns must conform to the guidelines of our Return Policy and must be accompanied by the original invoice
For additional return information, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
UNIQUE PERSONALIZATION SERVICES
Presenting unparalleled options to make each gift personal, from monogramming, engraving, and embossing to the Made to Order program and the iconic Personalization collection.
To view our endless personalization options, Visit our Custom Shop
SPECIAL HOLIDAY HOURS
Ralph Lauren will open its doors early and close late to accommodate your busy schedule.
Find a store near you for location and hours.
For your online purchase, review our available shipping methods to determine which method to select at checkout to ensure that your gifts will arrive by the holidays.
Personalization Gift Services
We provide 500+ ways to customize our most iconic styles.
Mix, match, and make it your own!
Available in Men's, Women's, Kids & Baby
CREATE YOUR OWN
Choose from a slew of hues. Add your name, monogram, patch or embroidery. An icon of American style, customized just for you
PRINT YOUR OWN
Choose your favorite graphic from our collection, customize it, and we'll print your one-of-a-kind design for you.
KNIT YOUR OWN
Choose from the classic icons in our design gallery, customize it, and we'll knit your one-of-a-kind design on a sweater for you.
To create and personalize your own iconic Ralph Lauren product, Visit our Custom Shop
Ralph Lauren Gift Card Terms and Conditions
Ralph Lauren Gift Card Terms and Conditions
The following Ralph Lauren Gift Card Terms and Conditions (this “Agreement”) describe the terms and conditions that apply to use of Ralph Lauren Gift Cards and Virtual Gift Cards that are purchased in the United States, Canada or Puerto Rico at retail stores or online, or that are given in exchange for merchandise returned in certain circumstances (collectively “Cards”).  This Agreement is between you, the Cardholder, and RL Finance B.V., a Netherlands affiliate of Ralph Lauren Corporation (“Issuer”).  By purchasing, accepting or using your Card, you agree to be bound by this Agreement.  If you do not agree with this Agreement, do not purchase, use or accept the Card.  IMPORTANT:  EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW (WHICH MAY INCLUDE THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC), this Agreement includes resolution of disputes by arbitration instead of in court and a class action waiver.
1.    About Your Card.  The Cards are issued by Issuer.  Issuer is responsible for the operation and maintenance of the Card program.  Issuer is the sole legal obligor to the Cardholder; provided, however, that Issuer may assign its obligations with respect to the Card at any time, in which case such assignee shall become the Issuer and sole legal obligor to the Cardholder.  Ralph Lauren Corporation and its affiliates (other than Issuer) (collectively, “Ralph Lauren”) bear no responsibility or liability for any Cards, and you hereby knowingly release Ralph Lauren from any and all liability or claims of any nature whatsoever arising in connection with your Card. Cards can be purchased at participating Ralph Lauren, RRL, and Polo Ralph Lauren Factory Stores, online at RalphLauren.com, or from an authorized third-party distributor.  Cards may also be provided to you in exchange for merchandise returned in certain circumstances.  Cards cannot be purchased at a discount.
2.    Not for resale.  Card cannot be resold.  Card is valid only if obtained at Ralph Lauren, RRL, and Polo Ralph Lauren Factory Stores, online at RalphLauren.com, or from an authorized third-party distributor.  Card is not valid and will not be honored, and Issuer will not be liable, if obtained from unauthorized sellers or resellers, including through Internet auction sites.
3.    Balance Inquiry.  For balance inquiries, call 1-855-284-3911 or visit RalphLauren.com/GiftCard.  The balance you receive when inquiring over the telephone or online is an estimate only.  In most cases, the balance is adjusted immediately when you make a purchase, but there may be occasions when the balance adjustment is delayed.  Please have your Card number available.
4.    Expiration/Deactivation.  Cards do not expire.  No fees for inactivity or service fees apply.   Issuer and Ralph Lauren reserve the right to refuse to honor any Card in the event of a disputed credit card charge, bounced check or other failure of consideration.
5.    Redemption.  Cards are redeemable up to balance only to purchase merchandise at participating Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren, RRL, and Polo Ralph Lauren Factory stores in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico and online at RalphLauren.com.  Card is issued in the currency of the country in which it was purchased.  A currency exchange rate applies if the Card is redeemed in a different country.  PIN is required for online redemptions.  Cards are not debit or credit cards.  Cards have no cash value and may not be redeemed for cash, except as required by law.  Cards are not redeemable to purchase another Card or towards previously purchased merchandise, and cannot be applied towards the payment of a credit account.  Refunds for any return of merchandise purchased using the Card will be issued in the form of a Card.
6.    Reloadable.  Cards may be reloaded with value.
7.    No Refunds.  No refunds or exchanges are permitted with respect to Cards, except as required by law.
8.    Lost, Damaged or Stolen Card.  Safeguard your Card, as Card will not be replaced if lost, stolen, damaged or used without authorization, unless the Card is unused and you provide proof of purchase of the Card.
9.    Online Purchases.  If you purchase a Card online, the online Terms of Use will be applicable to your purchase.  In the event of a conflict between the Terms of Use and these Gift Card Terms and Conditions, these Gift Card Terms and Conditions shall control.
10.    MANDATORY BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW (WHICH MAY INCLUDE THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC), THE FOLLOWING MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER CLAUSE APPLIES TO YOU. Please read this section carefully.  It affects legal rights that you may otherwise have and requires individual final and binding arbitration of most disputes instead of resolution in court.
DISPUTES
Issuer, including its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors and assigns, and you agree that any and all disputes or claims relating in any way to this Agreement and your use of the Card, including disputes concerning the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitration (“Disputes”), as well as questions as to the arbitrability of any and all Disputes, and even if the events giving rise to Disputes occurred before this Agreement became effective, will be resolved in a confidential and individual arbitration process, and not in court.  Each of us agrees to give up our right to sue in court (except small claims court), our right to have our claims heard by a jury, and our right to participate in a class action or represent, in a class action or otherwise, anyone but ourselves.
The only exceptions to this arbitration agreement are that (i) each of you and we retain the right to sue in small claims court and (ii) each of you and we may bring suit in court against the other to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.This arbitration agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, and federal arbitration law apply and govern the interpretation and enforcement of this agreement.There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Terms of Use as a court would.
COMMENCING DISPUTES
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Wilmington, DE 19808.  During the first 45 days after we receive your notice (the “Pre-Arbitration Period”), we may try to reach a settlement of the dispute.  If we do not resolve the dispute ourselves within the Pre-Arbitration Period, you may commence arbitration.  The arbitration will be conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”), pursuant to the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures effective July 1, 2014 (the “JAMS Rules”), as modified by this arbitration agreement. The JAMS Rules are available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/, www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-352-5267.
Arbitration firms ordinarily charge fees to both sides to conduct arbitrations.  In the event you commence arbitration for an amount less than $10,000, after we receive notice that you have done so, we will reimburse you for your payment of this filing fee and we will pay JAMS any case management fees associated with the arbitration and the professional fees for the arbitrator’s services, pursuant to the JAMS Rules.  We will not seek to recover the filing fee we reimbursed to you unless the arbitrator determines that you brought your claim frivolously or for an improper purpose.
Each of us may incur attorneys’ fees during the arbitration.  Each of us will bear our own attorneys’ fees, except in the following circumstances.  If applicable law permits a prevailing party to recover attorneys’ fees, the prevailing party may seek fees as applicable law permits.  If applicable law does not permit a prevailing party to recover its attorneys’ fees, but you prevail in the arbitration and win an award at least 25% greater than our highest pre-arbitration settlement offer, then we will pay your reasonable attorneys’ fees for time reasonably expended at rates that prevail for attorneys in your home county, in an amount not to exceed the greater of $10,000 or 20% of the arbitrator’s damages award to you.  If we prevail in the arbitration, we will seek to recover our reasonable attorneys’ fees and reimbursement of arbitration costs only if applicable law permits a prevailing party to seek fees or if the arbitrator finds that you brought a claim frivolously or for an improper purpose and applicable law does not preclude us from seeking our fees and costs.
THE ARBITRATION
The arbitration will be conducted by one neutral arbitrator selected with the participation and involvement of both parties pursuant to the JAMS Rules.  If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree, pursuant to the JAMS Rules, that the dispute should be resolved solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator or through a non-appearance based telephonic hearing, unless the arbitrator requests otherwise.  Any in-person hearing for a claim of less than $10,000 will be conducted in your hometown area.  If your claim is for more than $10,000, the manner and place of the hearing will be determined in accordance with the JAMS Rules.
Regardless of how the arbitration proceeds, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain his or her findings and conclusions. The arbitrator’s decision and award are final and binding, subject only to the limited court review permitted under the FAA, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER; NO CONSOLIDATION OF ARBITRAL CLAIMS
You and we agree that the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.  The arbitrator may not order us to pay any monies to or take any actions with respect to persons other than you, unless we explicitly consent in advance, after an arbitrator is selected, to permit the arbitrator to enter such an order.  YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE OR MULTI-CLAIMANT PROCEEDING.  Further, unless we both agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate other persons’ claims with yours or ours, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, multi-claimant or class arbitration proceeding.  If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph’s limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) shall be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court.  If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any other provision in this Agreement, then such provision shall be modified or restricted to the extent and in the manner necessary to render it valid, legal, and enforceable.  If such provision cannot be so modified or restricted, it shall be excised from this Agreement without affecting the validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement, which shall be fully enforced.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial.
11.    Limitation of Liability.  THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING QUEBEC, DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OR CERTAIN DAMAGES OR LEGAL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR REPRESENTATIONS. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE BELOW EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. ISSUER AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO CARDS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN THE EVENT THAT A CARD IS NON-FUNCTIONAL, YOUR SOLE REMEDY, AND OUR SOLE LIABILITY, SHALL BE THE REPLACEMENT OF SUCH CARD.
12.    Governing Law.  EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW (WHICH MAY INCLUDE THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC), the laws of the Netherlands, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, shall govern this Agreement and use of your Card.
13.    Changes to Agreement.  Issuer reserves the right to change this Agreement at any time in its discretion.  When any changes are made, Issuer will post the revised version of this Agreement at RalphLauren.com/GiftCard.
14.    Fraud.  Issuer and Ralph Lauren reserve the right to refuse to honor a Card where they suspect that the Card was obtained fraudulently.
Website, Store and Restaurant U.S. Privacy Notice
Polo Ralph Lauren Factory Stores - Canadian Privacy Notice
Text Message Program Terms and Conditions
By signing up for the Ralph Lauren and/or Polo Factory Stores (collectively, “Ralph Lauren”, “us” “we”, “our”) Text Message Program (the “Program”), you agree to these terms and conditions (“Program Terms”) and our general Terms of Use (which include mandatory arbitration of disputes, waiver of class action rights, limitations on your rights and remedies, and limitations on our liability). You further consent to our privacy practices as described in our Privacy Notice.
You authorize Ralph Lauren to send, to the mobile phone number you used to opt in via short code or that you otherwise provided to us, promotional and other text messages, including messages sent using an autodialer. Your consent to receive auto-dialed text messages shall not be interpreted to suggest or imply that any or all Program messages are sent using an autodialer/automatic telephone dialing system.
You understand that message and data rates may apply and your carrier may charge you or deduct usage credit from your account when you text us or we text you. Ralph Lauren will not be liable for any delays or failures in your receipt of any mobile messages connected with the Program. Delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your carrier.
No purchase is necessary to participate in the Program, and you are not required to accept these Program Terms as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. If you do agree to the Program Terms, you consent to receiving recurring promotional Program texts each month, plus additional non-promotional texts. Ralph Lauren reserves the right to alter Program message frequency.
If at any time, you intend to stop using the mobile telephone number that you provided to sign up for the Program, including by canceling your service plan or selling or transferring the phone number to another party, you agree that you will opt out of the Program prior to ending your use of the mobile telephone number.
You can unsubscribe from the Program by texting “STOP” to the Program short code or as a reply to a Program message you receive. You hereby consent to receive a text message confirming that you have unsubscribed, as well as other non-promotional text messages. To the extent you subscribe to more than one Ralph Lauren text message program, you must unsubscribe from each program separately.
You represent and warrant that you are the age of majority where you reside.
The Program may not be available in all areas or supported by all carriers or all devices. Check with your carrier for details. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Need Help?
If you have questions or need assistance, please contact us:
888-475-7674
We’re Available:
Sun-Sat: 8:00am-11:00pm ET
Live Chat
Email Us
Text Us
1-315-562-0208