http://www.eniva.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Terms, Conditions and Returns
• Product Return Policy
For everyone's safety, we are temporarily unable to accept returns on purchases made after 3/23/2020 due to COVID-19. Thank you for your understanding.  If you are not satisfied with your purchase please contact Enva Health with your concerns.
Eniva Health provides a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee on every purchase.If a customer is not pleased with any product we sell, we will offer a refund or exchange. All products are refundable/exchangeable within 30 days from the date of your order from Eniva.com or payment made at Eniva Health with a valid sales receipt or Eniva.com packing slip.  30 Day Money-Back GuaranteeWe want you to be fully satisfied with every item that you purchase from Eniva Health. If you are not satisfied with an item that you have purchased, you may return the item within 30 days from the order date for a full refund or credit of the purchase price, less any shipping and handling fees.
The item must be returned, used or unused, in good condition, in original bottles, and with all paperwork and accessories to ensure full credit.
Our money-back guarantee policies do not apply to items that may be received as a free gift or free bonus item. Free gifts or bonus items are eligible for exchange if damaged upon receipt. Any inquiries about Returns can be sent to info@eniva.com.
Return/Replacement Procedure The Eniva Return/Replacement Policy is in compliance with the FDA Dietary Supplement Regulations and the government’s Anti-Terrorism Act. To maintain compliance, all items returned must be pre-authorized prior to being received back to Eniva Health.  All product(s) to be returned must have a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number prior to receipt.
1. Contact the Eniva Health Customer Service department at 866-999-9191 to discuss your request immediately upon receipt (or within 2 business days of receipt) of product. You need to obtain a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number if you wish to return the product back to the Eniva Health facility.  • NOTE: For safety reasons, no refunds or replacements can be processed without a RMA number.
2. Clearly mark the RMA number on the returned package.
3. Please remove all previous mailing/shipping stickers from the package.
4. Ship the product to the following address:                 Eniva Health, Attn: Returns Department, 2700 Campus Dr., Plymouth, MN 55441.
5. We suggest you use only "Delivery Confirmation" or "Signature Required" as a shipping method.
6. Customer is responsible for the shipping charges incurred unless advised otherwise by Eniva's Customer Service department.
7. Refunds do not include shipping or handling charges.
8. When a credit/replacement request is received, if necessary, Eniva reserves the right to evaluate and research the request before issuing the credit or replacement.
9. All refunds will be processed using the same pay method originally used for the purchase.
Damaged/Defective ItemsIf you receive a damaged or defective item, contact a Customer Service Representative within 30 days of delivery at 1-866-999-9191. – Please supply the Representative with your order number and item number. – The Representative will also need your email address and phone number.
Eniva Health will make every reasonable effort to replace the item in a timely manner. We cover shipping charges if there was damage to the item due to shipping.
If there is extensive damage to the packaging, contact a Customer Service Representative immediately at 1-866-999-9191. Please have your order number available when you contact the Customer Service Representative.
• Repeat Delivery
See the specific Subscribe and Save Terms and Conditions on the "About Subscribe and Save" page.
• Terms and Conditions
This Agreement is between Eniva Health and you (or "Customer") This Section sets forth the terms and conditions which apply to the use by you of the Eniva Site (as detailed below) and any other product or service offered by Eniva and/or its affiliates. The right to use any product or service offered by Eniva is direct to you and is not transferable to any other person or entity.
Eniva reserves the right to make changes to the site, policies, and these Terms at any time without prior notice.
Product and Information Presented - Limitations
Eniva offers information and advice for educational purposes only. Statements made by Company have not been evaluated by the US Food and Drug Administration. Products, as well as information offered, are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any illness or disease. The FDA does not evaluate or test supplements. Consult with your physician for diagnosis or treatment. Consume products according to instructions and always monitor for allergic reactions. The information on this site is not to be interpreted as a replacement for a doctor's treatment or advice, nor as diagnosing any disease or condition or prescribing any treatment. It is offered as educational information only, for use in the support and maintenance of normal health, in cooperation with a licensed physician. For any medical or health-related advice concerning your care and treatment, always contact your regular physician. The author, publisher or distributors of this information assumes no responsibility should the information be used in place of medical services. Should a person use the information presented on this website without consulting a physician, that person will be administering/diagnosing for themselves. No guarantees of any kind are made for the performance or efficacy of the products. Information is based on scientific research, and the traditional and historic use of an ingredient(s), or on clinical trials that may not be recognized by any US government agency or medical organization. These products have not gone through the pharmaceutical testing and requirements established before a particular product can be prescribed in the treatment of any condition or disease.
Limitation of Liability & Disclaimer of Warranty
Company Site
If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of this site, your sole remedy is to not use the site. Eniva is not liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through the content on the Eniva site. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information, opinion, advice or other content available through the Eniva site. Pricing and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected where discovered, and Eniva reserves the right to revoke any order based on an error, inaccuracy or mission. Eniva does not warrant that your use of this site will be uninterrupted, secure or incident-free. Eniva may terminate your account, membership or registration or similar use of this site at any time. You are personally liable for any orders you place or charges that you incur prior to your termination.
The Eniva Site may contain links to other web sites, resources and advertisers. Eniva is not responsible for the availability of these external sites nor does it endorse or is it responsible for the content, advertising, products or other materials on or through such external sites. Under no circumstances shall Eniva be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused to a user in connection with the use of or dependence on any content, goods or services available on such external site. You should direct any concerns to such external site's administrator or webmaster.
IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Eniva, its affiliates and their directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the use by you of the Eniva Site, including claims by other users of your equipment, access, products, group or affiliation.
Sales and Distribution
Customers are not allowed to purchase and then resell any product on eBay, Amazon, any of their affiliate's websites or any other auction website or online marketplace, unless pre-approved by Eniva. Prices do not include and are net of any foreign or domestic governmental taxes or charges of any kind that may be applicable to the sale, licensing, marketing or distribution of the products. Eniva will not be responsible for any delays or lack of delivery due to customs clearance issues. Eniva may, at its discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, or per household or per order.
Billing, Payment & Cancellation Policy
Any questions about Billing can be sent via email to info@Eniva.com, or can be mailed to Eniva Health, 2700 Campus Drive, Minneapolis MN 55441. Your major credit card or debit card will be charged at the time an order has been submitted. Eniva accepts VISA, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. Your order will immediately be sent to processing and then shipping. As our systems are highly automated, it requires extensive intervention to cancel an order that has already been processed and sent through our Fulfillment Center. We suggest persons order carefully. Should you need an order cancelled and retrieved, a $25 fee may apply, and may be deducted from any refund processed once the order has been pulled and cancelled.
Reviews and TestimoniesIndividuals who freely give their written review, post or testimony, including anything posted on the eniva.com website or the Eniva Health Facebook, Twitter or Instagram accounts, waive their right to inspect or approve the use of such review or testimony by Eniva Health. Eniva Health reserves the right to re-use any content freely given, in any form, for any reason. Eniva Health also reserves the right to edit a review or testimony in order to make it compliant with FDA and FTC guidelines.
The rights granted include the right and permission for Eniva Health to use the review, post or testimony in its own name, and to use, re-use, publish, republish, reproduce and distribute to the public the review, post or testimony, including copies and derivative works in which the original is altered or adapted, made through any medium, and in any media now or later, including print media, radio, television and the Internet, for the purposes of illustration, promotion, art, advertising, trade, or any other purpose. Individuals also consent to the use of my name.
Individuals who provide a written review, post or testimony rease, discharge and hold harmless Eniva Health, its legal representatives, successors and assigns, and all persons acting under its authority, from any liability by virtue of any blurring, distortion, alteration, optical illusion, or use in composite form, whether intentional or otherwise, that may occur in the production, reproduction or publication of any content including without limitation any claims for libel, defamation or violation of rights of privacy or publicity.
Safety Guidelines
Before using any product or ingredient you are unfamiliar with, find out its medicinal properties. Research it thoroughly and/or consult with your physician. Please be aware a small amount working well does NOT mean that more is better. Information presented on the website are only guidelines. It does not include an exhaustive or comprehensive list of possible interactions and contraindications with prescription medicine. Always discuss this possibility with your physician.
Use of Supplements and Surgery
It is important to fully inform your physician about the supplements being taken, especially before elective surgery. You may be asked to stop taking these products at least 2-3 weeks ahead of the procedure to avoid a supplement/drug possibly adversely affecting the outcome of the surgery.
×
OK
Join our Newsletter For Great Health Tips & Savings!
Email Address
Name
Powered by BigCommerce
© 2020 Eniva