http://www.veluxusa.com/our-company/legal-notice
Product Registration
Catalog
BIM Models & Specs
Media & Press
Find an installer
Find Dealer
Contact Us
VELUX and VELUX logo are registered trademarks
This site is constructed, owned and maintained by VELUX A/S, Ådalsvej 99, DK-2970 Hørsholm, a company registered under Danish law and having its seat in Denmark for the purpose of providing information about VELUX and its products and services.
Material contained in this site
By choosing to use this website, you have requested VELUX to send information to your computer or mobile device. You authorize VELUX to transmit such information in a format and with features, VELUX deems appropriate. Information transmitted by VELUX may include files, which will be stored on your computer of mobile device, including text files such as cookies
When entering or browsing this site or otherwise using the material contained herein, including down-loading of software, you should take necessary precautions to ensure that whatever you choose to use is free of viruses and may not otherwise interfere with or damage the operations of your computer systems, including that down-loaded software is compatible with your software.
Whilst all due effort is made to assure that the material contained in this site is complete, accurate and updated, no warranty or representation is given concerning the material. You should therefore neither act nor refrain from acting on the basis of the material but contact your local VELUX company, which will provide you with the required material and assistance.
The material is the property of VELUX or others. Reproduction or use of all or part of the material in any form is prohibited other than for personal non-commercial use. No licence is granted to reproduce or use the material for other purposes than normal web-browsing.
If reproducing parts of the material for personal non-commercial use you must acknowledge VELUX as the source thereof by including a reference to this site (http://www.VELUX.com) and the copyright notice “© 2005 VELUX Group” in the reproduction.
Text, photographs, films, drawings, graphics, sounds, data, etc. may be subject to copyright and are either the property of or used under license by VELUX.
Trademarks and service marks, including logos, slogans, etc. are registered or unregistered marks used under license by VELUX.
Products shown and production methods described may be subject to other intellectual property rights, including patents and patent applications, used under license by VELUX.
No license is given to use any of these intellectual property rights, and you are advised that VELUX carefully watches and instantly prosecutes any infringement of its intellectual property rights, including by way of criminal prosecution.
Material given through this site
VELUX collects non-personal information about the visitors of this site with the purpose of updating and improving the site to give you the best experience and most relevant material visiting this site.
Personal information is only collected when voluntarily submitted by visitors. Such information includes your name, address, telephone and facsimile numbers and your e-mail address and will be used only for the purpose they were submitted unless you have expressly agreed otherwise.
Personal as well as non-personal information collected by VELUX is considered confidential and will not be sold, leased or otherwise shared with third parties.
Any material received by VELUX through this site is considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. VELUX will reproduce, use, amend and assign any such material without limitations, including ideas for products or production methods and know-how contained in such material.
VELUX uses information you provide to respond to requests that you make to us. We may also use the information to contact you, including providing you with information, updates or offers from VELUX.VELUX may share personal information with third parties to run this site, to obtain legal advice and as required by law.
Links to other sites
When using a link provided in this site to access another site, you are leaving this site. The site that you will enter is independent from this site and its contents are outside the control of VELUX.
By providing the link in this site, no warranty or representation is given concerning the material in the site that you will enter, and VELUX expressly disclaims any liability for direct or indirect losses resulting from entering or browsing such site or using the material contained therein, irrespective of the reason for such loss, and irrespective of whether VELUX has or ought to have foreseen such loss, including the risk of such loss, by not removing the link from this site or otherwise.
Links to this site
When a link to access this site is provided in another site, VELUX has, unless expressly stated, not authorised or endorsed neither the link nor the material contained in such other site, and VELUX is not associated with or connected to the owner of such other site.
Dispute resolution – venue
You agree to be subject to the jurisdiction of Denmark and you agree that any dispute between you and VELUX will be resolved by the ordinary Danish courts to the exclusion of all other jurisdictions and courts.
Other legal notices in this site
Visiting certain areas of this site may be subject to specific legal notices supplementary to this general legal notice. This general legal notice is not restricted or modified by any specific legal notice.
© 2001, 2009, 2014 VELUX Group