https://www.reliablesprinkler.com/privacy-policy/
CPVC Pipe and Fittings
Electrical Equipment
Fabrication
Fire Department Equipment
Fire Pump Test Meters
Flexible Drops & Seismic Solutions
Foam, Tanks & Proportioners
Grooved Couplings & Fittings
Hose Valves
Nitrogen Systems
OS&Y, Check, and Butterfly Valves
PEX
Pipe Fabrication
Pipe Hangers & Fasteners
Residential Fire Pumps & Tanks
Sprinkler System Expansion Tanks
Steel Pipe
Welded Outlets and Drop Nipples
New Products
Featured Solutions
Toggle Sub Menu
Attic Protection
Case Study: TNL280 Deluge Nozzle
DDV Diaphragm Deluge Valve
DDX PrePaK
Dry System Valves
In-Rack Fire Sprinkler Solutions
KRes & KFR Fusible Link Sprinklers
Reliable’s Grooved Products by Titus
System Component Spotlight
WP Window Series Sprinklers
Wrench-able Caps
End-User Solutions
Resources
Toggle Sub Menu
Application Chart
Forms and Documents
Live Webcasts
Marketing Literature
Pricing Updates
Spray Distribution Patterns
Sprinkler Nerd Heaven
Search
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We’re committed to protecting your privacy.
The Reliable Automatic Sprinkler Co., Inc. (“Reliable”) is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the Reliable website located at www.reliablesprinkler.com (the “Website”). We will use reasonable efforts to see that all information, identifying and otherwise, submitted to us by users, remains private and is used only for the purposes for which you submit it and as set forth in this policy.
Furthermore, at Reliable we believe our online users have a right to know what information we collect when you visit our Website. This Online Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we gather about you, how we gather your information, how we use it, with whom we might share it, the means by which we keep it secure and the choices you have about the information you choose to share with us.
Please note that the Website may contain links to sites controlled by third-parties that we believe you might find useful. Operators of linked sites may sometimes gather information from you. We wish to caution you that you must take the responsibility for investigating, and must rely upon, the privacy policies of such linked sites. Reliable has no control over such privacy policies or information submitted to linked sites.
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?
Reliable may ask you to provide information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”) such as your name, address, company name, title or e-mail address in certain circumstances, for example when you sign up to receive product information and/or pricing information from Reliable by e-mail, or when you access the “contact us” feature of the Website to supply information to Reliable.
In addition, because of the way that World Wide Web communication standards work, when you arrive at or leave the Website, we automatically receive the Web addresses of the site that you came from or are going to. We also may collect information on which pages of the Website you visit while you are on the Website, the type of browser you use and the times you access the Website. Information referred to in this paragraph is called “Website Traffic Information”.
How Do We Use the Information?
We use Personal Information to provide the services and information to you for which you voluntarily submitted such Personal Information to us, to help us create website content most relevant to you, and to alert you to product and price offerings and information from Reliable. We may also use your name, address, company name, title and/or e-mail address to contact you about matters relevant to inquiries or requests for information you have made. Reliable does not share personally identifiable information with any nonaffiliated third parties except in the limited circumstances described below:
We may disclose information that we believe in good faith is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity, or to conduct investigations of violations of our Terms of Use. This means that if we conduct a fraud investigation and conclude that someone who has submitted information to us has engaged in deceptive practices, we may give that person’s contact information to interested parties who request it.We may disclose information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, levy, attachment, order of a court-appointed receiver or other comparable legal process, including subpoenas from private parties in a civil action.We may disclose information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).We may share aggregated statistical data with others for public relations, marketing or other purposes. Such data will not, however, be tied to personally identifiable information.
Reliable uses Website Traffic Information to try to understand your preferences better and to manage the load on our servers, so as to improve our service and your experience on the Website. Reliable may also compile statistical information not tied to personally identifiable information from Website Traffic Information to assist us in our marketing efforts.
In the event all, substantially all, or a part of Reliable’s business were sold, transferred, or disposed of (in accordance with legal proceedings, by merger or otherwise), information, including Personal Information, may, of course, become available to the purchaser or transferee and would be subject to its privacy policies.
Correcting/ Updating Information
You may review, correct, modify or delete any information you submit to Reliable at any time by relaying your request to Reliable in any of the following ways:
Users can send an e-mail request to info@reliablesprinkler.com.Postal mail can be sent to Reliable at The Reliable Automatic Sprinkler Co. Inc., 103 Fairview Park Drive, Elmsford, NY 10523 , Attn: Webmaster.
Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Please note, however, that no transmission over the Internet can be 100% secure. ALTHOUGH RELIABLE WILL USE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO PROVIDE ALL OF THE FOREGOING SECURITY FEATURES, AND TO TREAT ALL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICIES SET FORTH HEREIN, AS WITH VIRTUALLY ANY COMPUTER SYSTEM, THERE CAN BE NO ABSOLUTE ASSURANCE THAT SECURITY BREACHES WILL NOT OCCUR AND RELIABLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY SUCH SECURITY BREACHES.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small data files that some websites send to your computer to allow the Website to recognize you as a Website user if you return to the Website using the same computer and browser or for other reasons. This website does not use cookies.
Changes to the Online Privacy Policy
Reliable’s Online Privacy Policy may be changed at any time. If we ever change the Online Privacy Policy, we will post that information on this Privacy Policy page. Significant changes to the Online Privacy Policy will be noted on the website home page to provide notification to users.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about Reliable’s privacy practices or this Online Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at info@reliablesprinkler.com or contact us at our postal address designated below.
Our postal address is:
The Reliable Automatic Sprinkler Co., Inc.103 Fairview Park DriveElmsford, NY 10523
Sign Up For Our eUpdates
Sign up for eUpdates on our Contact Us page
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. For more information about how your data is handled, see our privacy policy.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Warning!
You are using an outdated browser. Things may not appear as intended. We recommend updating your browser to the latest version.
Close
Close