https://www.twofour.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policyThis page provides links to the various Privacy Notices which explain the privacy practices of Twofour Group Limited (Company No. 05493388) and its subsidiaries. If you are providing information to another member of the ITV Group, please refer to the Privacy Notice of that company available on the relevant website.We are committed to safeguarding your information and will hold your information in line with current data protection legislation. Our Privacy Notices set out how we collect and use information about you in different situations.Below, we have set out why we may be using your personal information. For each situation, there is a link to an explanation of what data we may collect in that situation, why we collect it, how we use it, who we share it with and what your rights are with regard to your data. We have also included contact details for any queries you may have.Please do read this information and contact us if you have any queries.We may update our Privacy Notices from time to time and will post any changes on our website at https://www.twofour.co.uk/privacy-policy/. These Privacy Notices were last updated on 19 February 2019.Programme Applicant, Participant, Contributor or AudienceIf you are taking part, or applying to take part in any of our programmes, including as a member of the audience, please click hereApplicantIf you are applying for a job vacancy or for work experience, please click hereFreelancerIf you are an individual working for us on a freelance basis, please click hereEmployeeIf you are an individual employed by us, please click here
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.