https://www.rugdoctor.com/privacy-policy/california/
×
FOLLOW US @
Sign up to get special offers, coupons, tips & more.
Skip to content
RENT
FIND A LOCATION
CARPET & INDOOR MACHINES
OUTDOOR MACHINES
FORMULAS
BUY
SHOP
MACHINES
SOLUTIONS
PARTS & ACCESSORIES
SUPPORT
OFFERS
BLOG
Find A Rental Location:
RENT
BUY
SUPPORT
OFFERS
BLOG
Find A Rental Location:
close
No products in the cart.
home / Privacy Policy / California Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 30, 2020
This California Privacy Notice is effective as of January 1, 2020.
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Statement of Rug Doctor, LLC, including its subsidiaries (Rug Doctor Limited and Easy-Way Ltd.) and licensees (collectively, “Rug Doctor”), and applies solely to visitors, users, and other who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
YOUR PRIVACY MATTERS TO US
At Rug Doctor, LLC, including its subsidiaries (Rug Doctor Limited and Easy-Way Ltd.) and licensees (collectively, “Rug Doctor”), we respect and are committed to protecting your privacy in all aspects of our business, and we hope you will take the time to read this Privacy Policy for California residents, which explains what personal information we collect from you and how we use and disclose that information. “Personal information” is any information that identifies you or would enable someone to contact you, which may include your name, email address, phone number and other non-public information that is associated with such information. It does not include publicly available information from government records, de-identified or aggregated consumer information, aggregate information, anonymous information or any other non-personally identifiable information, information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial date, or personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Biley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT OR TRACK:
Rug Doctor collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Description
Examples
Commercial information
Records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, product usage information (i.e.: filter life, brush-roll life, run-time, formula usage, device status, errors etc.).
Geolocation data
General physical location (for purposes of providing regional service/language.)
Identifiers
A real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address (logs in back-end, not stored w/ profiles), email address, account name, other similar identifiers, device identifier (i.e.: serial number, mac address, IP address)
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, and usage by demo, loyalty.
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), Gender, Education, Estimated Household Income, Wealth Score, Consumer Household ID, Single Parent, Children, Number of Children, Presence of Children, Senior in Household, Pet Lover or Owner, Homeowner, Dwelling Type, Length of Residence, Median House Value, Home Market Value (via 3rd party data appends and self-reported answers).
Sensory data
dirty water tank, mapping data, floor type, customer service telephone call recordings.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, you may give us your personal information by filling in forms, products you purchase, or by corresponding with us by mail, phone, fax, email or in-person.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our websites (www.rugdoctor.com, etc.).
From third parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform.
Analytics and engagement service providers.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to troubleshoot a product, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure any of your accounts with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with email alerts and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
California Customer Records personal information categories
Commercial Information
Identifiers
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Third parties in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a California resident and Rug Doctor has an established business relationship with you, you may have the right to request information from Rug Doctor, free of charge, regarding the manner in which Rug Doctor shares certain categories of Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes (if any). Alternatively, at our election, Rug Doctor may provide you with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared. The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
RIGHT TO KNOW
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing Personal Information with third parties for their direct marking purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to Rug Doctor’s designated email address privacy@rugdoctor.com. You may also request this information online by visiting www.rugdoctor.com, or by writing to us at:
Rug Doctor, LLC
ATTN: Data Privacy Team/Legal Department 2201 West Plano Parkway Suite 100 Plano, TX 75075
You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email or in the address line or your envelope. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
RIGHT TO REQUEST
The CCPA affords California resident consumers with certain rights pertaining to their personal information.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
RIGHT TO DELETE
The CCPA also provides a right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we have collected from you and retained, and for us to direct service providers to do the same, with certain exceptions as set forth in the CCPA. Note that you may also delete certain Personal Information you have provided to us through your online account.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
When processing a request to delete, we may erase some information and we may de-identify some information (when we de-identify information, we implement technical safeguards and business processes that prohibit re-identification, business processes to prevent inadvertent release of de-identified information, and will make no attempt to re-identify the information).
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Validate the warranty of any purchased machine or tool.
EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTS
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at: 1-800-784-3628
Visiting us at: www.rugdoctor.com
Emailing us at: privacy@rugdoctor.com
Writing to us at:
Rug Doctor, LLC
ATTN: Data Privacy Team/Legal Department 2201 West Plano Parkway Suite 100 Plano, TX 75075
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. We will provide the requested information free of charge up to two (2) times in a 12-month period, but please note that where we receive unfounded, excessive, or repetitive requests, we may elect to decline the request. Note also that we will not retain information we do not ordinarily retain the course of our regular business practices.
The verifiable consumer request must:
Include the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email or in the address line or your envelope. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
For example:
If you provide an email address for verification, we may send a verification email to the address you provided for confirmation;
If you provide only a phone number for verification, we may call the number provided and ask you to confirm additional data that we have on file for verification.
If you provide only a mailing address, we may send you a letter at the address you provided providing information on how to contact our response team for verification.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Include your name, email address, phone number, the title of your last rental transaction, and the last 4 digits of the credit card used.
In order to have us provide specific pieces of information, we will require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Personal Information is the subject of the request.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
RESPONSE TIME AND FORMAT
We make every effort to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing during the initial 45-day request period. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
For any and all requests related to your inquiry, you must include the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email or in the address line or your envelope. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMIATION FOR THE EXERCISE OF A CONSUMER’S PRIVACY RIGHTS
California consumers have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising CCPA rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value based on several factors including: (a) the average value of the collection and use of such information; (b) revenue generated by the collection and use of such information; (c) profit generated from collection and retention of such information; and/or (d) any other practical and reasonably reliable method of calculation used in good faith. When you are invited to participate in a financial incentive program, the offer will contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1-800-784-3628 Website: www.rugdoctor.com Email: privacy@rugdoctor.com
Mailing Address: Rug Doctor, LLC
ATTN: Data Privacy Team/Legal Department 2201 West Plano Parkway Suite 100 Plano, TX 75075
Sign up to get special offers, coupons, tips & more.
follow us @
Support
Contact
Careers
Our Story
Newsroom
SDS & Ingredients
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Incident Report
Find a Repair Location
© 2019 Rug Doctor, LLC. All Rights Reserved.