http://www.pcibiotech.com/privacy-policy
ABOUT US
WHAT WE DO
INVESTORS
CONTACT US
Back
ABOUT PCI BIOTECH
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MANAGEMENT
SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY COMMITTEE
COMPANY PRESENTATION
Back
TECHNOLOGY
SCIENTIFIC PUBLICATIONS & PRESENTATIONS
PIPELINE
PARTNERING
CLINICAL TRIALS
Back
INVESTORS
NEWS
REPORTS AND PRESENTATIONS
SHARE INFORMATION
GENERAL MEETING INFORMATION
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND CSR
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Terms of use and privacy policyPrivacy policyThis privacy policy contains information about how PCI Biotech process your personal data. When you register with us via newsletter, by visiting our website or contact us via email or phone, you may submit personal data.The data you have submitted can be used for the following purposes:to send you our newsletter  to obtain statistics and information regarding user behavior, to improve our website and the corresponding user experiencecommunication following your contactBy submitting personal data for the purposes stated above, you agree:that we process your personal data in accordance with this privacy policythat we can contact you regarding your communication with usto subscribe to the type of mailings you have chosen yourself and accepted. You can update your subscription settings and unsubscribe to further mailing at any time.We only process personal data for as long as it takes to fulfill the purpose of their collection. Depending on the data we have collected it may vary how long they will be kept. Submitted data are available to a limited number of people within the company. In the event there is an ongoing dialogue between you, us, and any of our business partners, we may need to share the personal data. We do not sell your personal data to any third party, but we use an external service provider for distribution of newsletters. The third party has access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.The personal data are stored in various systems, depending on the data provided. The security of your personal data is important to us, however remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.PCI Biotech’s website may contain links to other internet sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s sites and PCI Biotech has no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.PCI Biotech may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to among others comply with a legal obligation, to protect and defend its rights or property and to protect against legal liability.Cookie policy – use of cookies and privacyOn this website, PCI Biotech log anonymous information about all visitors. For this PCI Biotech intends to use Google Analytics. This information cannot be traced back to you as an individual.This is something we do in order to better understand how our users use the site, which helps us to optimally customize pages for the user. We use small information files (‘cookies’), where the information is stored in cookies on your PC. This is standard procedure and something most sites do.Most browsers are set to accept cookies. Please note that you can delete cookies by following the instructions for deleting cookies in your browser. You can find information about this in the "Help" function in your browser. Note that restricting access to the cookies may affect the functionality of our site.Google analyticsThe Google Analytics cookie is a first-party cookie. It is set to be automatically deleted after 24 months if you do not return to the site. You may opt out of the use of Google Analytics via https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. PCI Biotech intends to use the analysis tool “Google Analytics” to study traffic, browsing habits and trends on the website. PCI Biotech may use third-party service providers for optimal utilization of “Google Analytics”. The data collected is used to optimize the user experience and customize the website content. According to Google’s guidelines, Google Analytics does not collect personal information about users. The data collected is stored on Google's servers. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en