http://www.canadream.com/privacy-policy/
Get RV Rental Pricing & Availability
Close
Pick up
{{(selectedPickup&&selectedPickup.Value)||"Select Pickup"}}
{{pickup.Value}}
Starting on
Dropoff at
{{(selectedDropoff&&selectedDropoff.Value)||"Select Dropoff"}}
{{dropoff.Value}}
Returning on
Select Vehicle
{{(selectedVehicle&&selectedVehicle.Value)||"Select Vehicle"}}
{{vehicle.Value}}
Find Pricing & Availability
{{bookingError}}
Don’t go away – we’re working on it!
CanaDream Cares - Our Commitment to You
Canadream Corporation
Privacy Policy
Home
»
Privacy Policy
CanaDream is committed to protecting and maintaining the privacy of your personal information. This policy explains how CanaDream protects your privacy, and is a summary of how we collect, use and disclose personal information provided to us.
When you apply to use our service, you consent to us using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with this policy.
Please refer to the section in this policy titled “What you consent and agree to”. This policy applies to personal information we hold in Canada. In this policy we also explain how we can be contacted if you have a query about any personal information we hold about you. We recommend you take the time to read this privacy policy and retain it for future reference.
About CanaDream
In Canada, "CanaDream" is a trading name of CanaDream Corporation.  CanaDream Corporation Is  a fully owned subsidiary of Apollo Tourism & Leisure Ltd, an Australian company publicly traded on the ASX (ATL).
What personal information does CanaDream collect about me and how is it collected?
When you rent an RV from CanaDream, we need to collect certain information from you. The information may include your:
Name
Address
Contact telephone number(s)
Contact facsimile number(s)
Date of birth
Country of Residence
Driver’s licence number and state/country of origin
Frequent traveller program number
Vehicle preference
Credit card number(s) and expiry date(s)
Email address
Company name and employee number; and
Contact details of individuals who can provide professional references and other information required in the Cash Qualification process
Reservations and rental details including dates, times and places of vehicle hire
Preferences such as baby seat requirements, GPS requests, table and chair orders, etc.
Vehicle damage circumstances and details.
In certain circumstances, we may collect sensitive information about you. For example, we may collect information about your membership of a professional association in order to provide you with the correct discount for our services. Sensitive information under the relevant Privacy Act includes information about an individual's membership of a professional or trade association.
We will only collect sensitive information about you in accordance with the law. How we collect the information will depend on how you use our services. We may collect information directly from you by telephone, fax, email, over the counter, completion of an application or enrolment form, or through our Internet based service. We may also collect information about you indirectly through a travel agent, a corporate program or through one of our partner programs.
You can choose not to provide some of your personal details, but this may prevent us from providing our services to you or limit our ability to provide the level of service you would normally expect from us.
How is my personal information used or disclosed by CanaDream?
We strive to ensure a stress-free rental experience, and we are dedicated to building a rewarding and lasting relationship with every Guest. In order to provide the highest level of service, we may use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
General purposes
We use your personal information to:
Provide the services you request
Perform tasks necessary to administer those services
Research, develop, manage, protect and improve our services
Conduct Guest satisfaction surveys and inform you of any improvements we have made to our services; and
Maintain and develop our software and other business systems. We may disclose your personal information to other related and non-related organisations including:
Vehicle manufacturers, in particular motorhome and campervan manufacturers.
Sister companies that form part of our Group as well as franchisees, licensees or agents of CanaDream
Your company or organisation if you use our services under a corporate account
To one of our program partners if you are a member of their frequent traveller program and have asked us to send them details of your rental agreement with us
Our contracted service providers
Credit card providers
Credit reporting and fraud checking agencies where necessary to register a default
Debt collection agencies, in the event of your default in payment of monies owed to us
City councils and government or private organisations responsible for the processing or handling of traffic related infringements
Driver licensing authorities; and
Government, regulatory and law enforcement agencies where the disclosure is required or authorised by law.
Use or disclosure for direct marketing purposes
We may use and disclose your personal information to offer you products and services provided by CanaDream and Apollo Tourism & Leisure Ltd. We may also use (but not disclose) your personal information to offer you products and services provided by the Group.
CanaDream works with Google Adwords and various online advertising partners who use technology including web beacons and cookies to collect data about our website usage and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing. Data recorded through the use of this technology is aggregated and shared with us.
No personally identifiable information about you is collected or shared with any of these agencies by CanaDream.  You can opt out of Google's ad network by removing your cookies.
Email Marketing
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and/or updates relating to your purchase from CanaDream. In addition you may also opt in to receive periodic company newsletters, updates, and/or related product or service information.  CanaDream digitally stores email addresses of parties who have elected to opt in to receive promotional offers and other related emails from CanaDream. All promotional emails are sent with the option to decline further emails by opting out.
CanaDream does not share your email with any third party who is not connected with CanaDream.
How does CanaDream protect my information?
CanaDream employs reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect against the loss of, or unauthorized access to, the information under our control.  Steps we have taken to enhance network and information security include the implementation of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology for payment transactions, digital certificates, protection for all web applications that contain personal information, and industry standard infrastructure security.  Although we take measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee that your information will always remain secure. Only employees of CanaDream and those authorised to perform services on our behalf will have access to your personal information. We will not retain any of your personal information for longer than required, except to fulfil our legal obligations. With your help, we will take all reasonable steps to make sure that personal information is kept complete and up to date.
How to access your information
We are committed to ensuring that personal information held by us is up to date and accurate. If you find inaccurate information, please contact us. We will then take all reasonable steps to correct the information.
You may ask us to give you access to personal information we hold about you at any time. This access is subject to certain exceptions. You may not obtain access to information relating to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between us and you.
You can request access to your information by email or phone. You will be asked to specify the information that you want access to, and will need to verify your identity before we are able to provide the information. This is a free service unless the information you request requires us to access archived material or spend significant time in preparation or research. If this occurs we will advise the likely cost in advance and can help refine your request if necessary.
If you believe the personal information that we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, and CanaDream does not agree, we will provide a statement expressing your disagreement with the information where the information is stored.
Who can I contact for further information?
If you have any questions about how we handle your personal information or if you believe that we have handled your personal information inappropriately, you can contact us in the following ways:
Mail:
Attention: The Customer Service Manager
CanaDream RV Rentals & Sales
292154 Crosspointe Drive
Rocky View County, AB
T4A 0V2
CANADA
Email:
privacy@canadream.com
What you consent and agree to
When you provide us with your personal information, you consent and agree to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy including, and particular to:
a. Our use and disclosure of that information in order to provide the service you have requested and for any other compatible purpose including the management, protection and development of our business;
b. The disclosure of your personal information to entities located outside of Canada.  This may include disclosures to any franchisees, licensees or agents of CanaDream, our service providers and program partner organisations; and
c. Our use and disclosure of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
GDPR
The General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR) provides data subjects with certain rights with respect to personal data.  These rights include, among others, rights to request from CanaDream access to and rectification or erasure of personal data, right to restrict processing, right to object to processing, the right to data portability, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
With regard to CanaDream’s compliance with the GDPR:
The “data controller” within CanaDream Corporation for personal data received or collected is the CanaDream legal entity identified below:
CanaDream Corporation, trading as CanaDream RV Rentals & Sales
We rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis for processing except for processing that is required to provide an individual with Services purchased from us.  These interests include, without limitation, making your visits with us as satisfying as possible, improving our assets and service, and understanding your travel and other related interests so that we can personalize an ongoing relationship with you.  We reserve the right to process your information for all of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, or for which you otherwise consent.  You have the right to object to any processing of your personal data.  You may make such a request by contacting CanaDream as provided in the information above.
CanaDream ensures an adequate level of data protection within the meaning of the GDPR.
Changes to this Policy
This is our current privacy policy outlining our personal information management practices. It replaces any other privacy policy published by us to date. We may change this policy at any time. To obtain an up to date copy of the policy, please contact CanaDream (see "Who can I contact for further information?" above).
This policy is effective from 13 December 2018 and remains in effect until further notice.
Canada Privacy Notice
We comply with applicable Canadian data protection laws, such as the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), Alberta’s Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA), and other substantially similar Canadian federal and provincial laws regulating the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.  We will not collect, use or share your personal information for any purpose other than as permitted by this Privacy Policy except with your consent.  We will respond to your request to access personal information as promptly as possible.
Your name, email address or any other personal information you may have shared, or choose to share with us in the future, will never be sold, traded, rented, given away or used for any other purpose than to provide you with the information or services you have requested or as required by applicable law.  At all times, it is your choice whether or not you provide us with your personal information, and if you do not notify us of your objection to our use of your information as described within this Privacy Policy, we will consider you to have consented to such continued use.
Share
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse our site you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy.
×
×
Don't Miss Out!
Get the latest information on all things CanaDream, from news updates, latest offers, hot destinations and how to experience Canada in our RV’s.
Subscribe Now
No thanks
You can unsubscribe at any time and CanaDream does not share your information with any third parties.