https://www.noise-and-vibration.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
ANV Privacy Policy
Acoustics Noise and Vibration Limited trading as ANV Measurement Systems is committed to meeting its Data Protection obligations and ensuring the protection and security of all personal information. This Privacy Policy has been published online to explain how it uses any personal information and outline the procedures which are in place to safeguard your privacy.
Personal Information
ANV Measurement Systems will use your personal information to respond to your query, in relation to information requests and to keep you up to date with developments and news relating to ANV Measurement Systems and this website. We will also use your information to look at ways in which this website and our services to our clients can be improved and for the purposes of administration.
We may contact you by email, post, telephone or fax and by providing telephone and fax details you specifically consent to our contacting you by these methods. We may also contact you by any of these methods to let you know about any other services which may be of interest to you. Clients will always have the ability to accept or decline email communications from ANV Measurement Systems.
Email communication is sent only to people who have consented to receive email from ANV Measurement Systems. At the time of email capture, ANV Measurement Systems will advise the visitor that we will use the email address for service and product information, as well as marketing and promotional communications. At any time a client may opt-out of receiving email communication by following the directions posted in every email.
Disclosure to Third Parties
All personal information provided to ANV Measurement Systems will not be shared with any third party.
Consent
By clicking on the submit or send button at the bottom of a submission form you consent to ANV Measurement Systems processing your personal data in the manner outlined above.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information which are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. ANV Measurement Systems uses cookies on their site to reduce the need to re-enter personal data when submitting information. You can set your browser to alert you prior to accepting cookies.
Site Tracking
ANV Measurement Systems uses site-tracking software to monitor visitor traffic patterns and site usage. This software does not enable us to capture any personal information.
What are cookies?
This website uses cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other mobile or handheld device (such as smartphones or tablets) as you browse this website. They are used to improve your user experience by remembering when your computer or device accesses this website. This makes the interaction between you and our website faster and easier. The cookies are essential to the effective operation of our website. Cookies are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to our customers, both on this website and elsewhere.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Google Maps Embed
GDSESS NID PREF
Used for Google maps running on the contact page of this website.
Information collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access this website via the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around a website. We do not, however, use cookies to collect or record information on users’ name, address or other contact details. We are able to use cookies to monitor individual user browsing and purchasing behaviour but third parties are not able to identify users using cookies.
Who sets the cookies?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access this website are set by ANV Measurement Systems, our suppliers who partner with us to help deliver a high quality website, and other third parties. Cookies may also be set by third parties who participate with us in affiliate marketing programmes. None of these third parties collect any personal data from which they would be able to identify individual customers.
How can I control what cookies are set?
By using this website, you consent to having the above cookies stored on your computer or device. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that if you choose to disable any or all of the cookies set by this website, some website functionality will no longer be available to you.
If you have any other questions or concerns please contact us.
Acoustics Noise and Vibration Limited (Trading as ANV Measurement Systems)
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok