http://www.amwarnerinsurance.com/about/privacy-legal.php
AM Warner Insurance Inc. now Imagine Insurance Advisors
3036 Breckenridge Lane, Suite 101
Voice: (502) 742-4979
Louisville KY 40220
Fax: (502) 749-7700
Email: info@ImagineInsAdv.comURL: http://www.ImagineInsAdv.com
Site Search:
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
Speaker Services
Privacy/Legal
Long Term Care
Insurance
General Info
LTC Settings
Risk for LTC
LTC Costs
Payment Sources
Medicare/Medicaid
Coverage Choices
Business Owners
Medicare Options
General Info
Medicare Options
Original Medicare
Advantage Plans
Supplements
Drug Plans
Life Insurance
General Info
Types of Insurance
Considerations
Annuities
General Info
Types of Annuities
Payout Options
Tax Info
Other Products
General Info
Dental Plans
Health Insurance
Hospital Indemnity
International Travel Insurance
Resources
Overview
Links
Video Tips
Web Feeds
Newsletters
Site Map
Additional Information
About Allison M. Harris & Our Insurance Professionals | Speaker Services
Privacy Policy and Legal Notices
We have detailed below our Privacy Policy and our Legal Notice.
We value your trust and will work hard to keep it.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is pretty simple.
We do not share your email address or any personal information with anyone.
It is only used by us to contact you in return to a question or comment that you initiate.
We value your request for privacy.
We value your trust and operate our business and day-to-day contact with the highest level of integrity.
If you express interest in our services, we will add you to our e-newsletter mailing list automatically.
You can easily unsubscribe at anytime.
We will not resubscribe you if you have removed yourself from our list.
We use clear .GIF files accompanied by cookie scripting to track the pages and visits of our general audience.
There is no personally identifiable information stored or retrieved from any visitor.
The clear .GIF file allows us to identify if you are a first time or repeat visitor and the pages viewed by the entire viewing audience by day.
This technology is utilized by our Urchin website statistics software to track the pages of preference of our own general viewing audience.
We utilize this information to fine-tune our keywords and content for search engines and to determine our own content based on our viewing audience.
The information is ours alone and is for our marketing purposes only.
This information is not shared with any other parties.
Top
Legal Notice
Our Legal Notice is as follows:
Each individual document published by Allison M. Harris or the staff of Imagine Insurance Advisors for Imagine Insurance Advisors on the World Wide Web may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information relating to that individual document.
Nothing on the Imagine Insurance Advisors website shall be construed as conferring any license under any of Imagine Insurance Advisors' or any third party's intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
This publication is provided "As Is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Any Allison M. Harris, Imagine Insurance Advisors staff or Imagine Insurance Advisors' publication may include technical and/or typographical errors.
Allison M. Harris or Imagine Insurance Advisors may make changes in these publications at any time without notice.
In no event shall Allison M. Harris, Imagine Insurance Advisors Staff or Imagine Insurance Advisors be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular Imagine Insurance Advisors or Allison M. Harris, shall not be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to the Imagine Insurance Advisors Web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law or otherwise.
Completion of the information on the Contact Form does not act as an application for insurance, nor does it imply insurability.
Top
©
Imagine Insurance Advisors. All Rights Reserved.
Voice: (502) 742-4979 • Fax: (502) 749-7700
Site
Design by McCord Web Services
info@ImagineInsAdv.com