https://www.apct.com/conflict-minerals-policy/
March 23, 2015
Cirtech is aware of the concerns surrounding the possible use of conflict metals in electronic products and is committed to taking the steps necessary to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and SEC rules related to the reporting of conflict minerals. It is Cirtech’s policy not to use metals mined in conflict areas, primarily in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and its neighboring countries.
While it is impossible to know with 100 percent certainty the origin of all the materials processed by our primary suppliers, we believe that the chances are remote that conflict metals are being processed. All of our major sources are highly professional with impeccable reputations in the precious metal industry.
Sincerely,
Brad Reese
President, Cirtech Inc.
We use cookies on this site. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer by websites. Cookies are widely used and help to optimize the pages that you view. By using this site, you agree to their use. Please view our Privacy Policy here and our Cookies Policy here. Cookie settingsOKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.