https://www.remunerator.com.au/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This privacy statement applies to your use of Remunerator’s website, at www.remunerator.com.au.
We understand and appreciate the fact that our customers are concerned about the privacy afforded to their information collected via the Internet. We are committed to providing our customers with a high level of privacy in relation to the personal information that is collected whilst online. To display this commitment, we provide the following privacy statement for our customer’s viewing.
Our commitment in respect of personal information is to abide by the Australian Privacy Principles for the protection of personal information, as set out in the Privacy Act.
Personal Information Collected
The type of information generally collected by Remunerator includes your package number, name, employer name, e-mail address, telephone number and facsimile number. This information is collected in order for Remunerator to perform services that you have requested.
When you look at this website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit. The following information is logged for statistical purposes;
Your server address
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, etc)
The date and time of your visit to the site
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded
The previous site you have visited
The type of browser you are using
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We respect the confidentiality of the information you provide to us. As such, any personal information that we collect will only be used for the purpose for which it has been provided to us. Users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet.
Information provided for your computer projection
All the information that we ask for is required for us to prepare the projection you have requested.
It is our policy not to retain information about your projection.
Any information you enter is deleted once you leave this website.
Personal Information Quality
Our goal is to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. To assist us with this, please contact us if any of the details you have provided change. Further, if you believe that the information we have about you is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, contact us and we will use all reasonable efforts to correct the information.
Personal Information Security
Remunerator is committed to keeping secure the data you provide us and we will take all reasonable precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration.
Access to Personal Information
You can request us to provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you. If we are able to, we will provide you with access. A fee of $10 may apply to such access. If we deny your request for access, we will let you know why. Access is limited to our record of your address, occupation, employer, age, salary details, package details and bank account details.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that an Internet website sends to your browser when you access information at that site. Cookies indicate to a website that you have been there before and they can be used to record what parts of a website your computer is visiting. Cookies do not identify individual users, although they do allow identification of the type of browser used and the Internet Service Provider (ISP).
Cookies can be either “persistent” or “session” based. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer, and may be used to track your browsing behaviour upon return to the issuing website. On the other hand, session cookies are short-lived, are used only during a browsing session, and expire when you quit your browser.
This website only makes use of session cookies. This website only make use of session cookie when you view your online statement or client area. No other cookies are used on this website. The website statistics for this site are generated from the web logs as outlined above.
Once you close your browser the session cookie set by this website is destroyed. We assure you that no personal information is maintained which might identify you should you visit our website at a later date.
Direct Marketing
We may use your personal information to provide you with current information about our services you may find of interest, changes to our organisation, or new products or services being offered by us or any company we are associated with.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information, you may at any time decline to receive such information by writing to us at Privacy Officer, Remunerator, PO Box 7926, Melbourne VIC 3004. If the direct marketing is by email, you may also use the unsubscribe function. We will not charge you to action your request and will take all reasonable steps to meet your request at the earliest possible opportunity.
Using Government identifiers
If we collect government identifiers, such as your tax file number or ABN, we do not use or disclose this information other than required by law. We will never use a government identifier in order to identify you.
Additional Benefits & Services
If you have registered to receive e-mail communications from us and later change your mind, you may contact us to have your name removed from our distribution lists. You may notify us in writing;
Privacy Officer
Remunerator
PO Box 7926
Melbourne VIC 3004
You may view our privacy policy document at our office. This document sets out our policies on the management of your personal information.
We review all of our policies often and endeavour to keep up to date. We may change this privacy policy from time to time.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 01 May 2014.