https://www.ellipsiz.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Ellipsiz Ltd may collect, use and disclose your personal data that you provide us when you assess or use this website.
Ellipsiz Ltd is committed to ensure that your personal data is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain personal data by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
You can assess this website without having to provide your personal data. You will remain anonymous and at no time we can identify you individually unless you choose to provide us with your personal data by contacting us on the ‘Contact Us’ page on this website.
What we collect from this website
We may collect the following personal data:
name
contact information including email address
What we do with the personal data collected from this website
Your personal data that we collected from this website may be used for one or more of following purposes:
We may use the personal data to communicate with you, including to respond to your queries and requests
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may use the personal data to comply with law, the requests of law enforcement and regulatory officials, or order or court.
We may use the personal data for such other purposes notified to you on or before collection, use and/or disclosure of the personal data.
Who we disclose the personal data collected from this website
We may share the personal data that we collect from this website with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, partners, agents, principals and/or affiliates for the purpose as set out above.
How we protect personal data collected from this website
We are committed to ensure that the personal data collected from this website is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place reasonable security measures to safeguard and secure the personal data collected from this website.
Access, correction or deletion of personal data
If you wish to access, correct or update the personal data that you have provided us on this website, you may do so at any time by writing to or emailing us at ir@ellipsiz.com.
You may request deletion of your personal data that we collected from this website by writing to or emailing us at ir@ellipsiz.com.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This, however, may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.