http://www.airinnovations.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Home
Site Map
Search
Menu
Contact
COVID-19 Air Control
Areas of Expertise
OEM Custom Climate Control
Custom Environmental Control for Non-OEMs
Cleanroom Air Conditioning
Humidity Control Solutions
Desk Console Management System
Healthcare Environments – Isolation Spaces & Sterility
Explosion-Proof HVAC
Wine Guardian – Specialty Commercial & Residential HVAC
Industries
Aerospace
Healthcare
Homeland Security
Life Sciences & Pharmaceutical
Military
Research
Semiconductor
Other Industries
Observation Wheels
Case Studies
Whitepapers
About
Career Opportunities
FAQs
Knowledge Base
Videos
Glossary of Terms
Management Team
News
Other Brands
Psychrometric Testing Facility
Procurement
History
Contact
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Air Innovations Air Innovations / Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Air Innovations collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the airinnovations.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Air Innovations.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order, fill out a form and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Registration
During registration a user may give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Air Innovations collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience, we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process transactions, we may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer content, a promotion, a survey or other Site feature.
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails.
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, transaction information and data stored on our Site. We will continue to update our security measures with the most effective means available, however, we cannot guarantee users that those measures will never be compromised.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Protection for Children
This Website is not intended for, and we have no intention of collecting personally identifiable information from, children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, then a child’s parent or legal guardian should contact us (see below) if they would like the information submitted by the child deleted from the Website. We will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from its database. If you are age 21 or younger, you are not authorized to submit any content or information to this website without the explicit consent of your parent or legal guardian.
Third party websites
Users may find content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Remarketing
Air Innovations participates in a third party remarketing program. To engage in remarketing, we may add a small piece of code to selected web pages that can read a user’s cookie and adds that cookie to a remarketing list. The information we collect may be used to create marketing campaigns targeted at users as they browse other websites. Our third party service providers, including Google, will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose than for delivering the service to us in accordance with our instructions and policies. We do not store or keep the information used in remarketing efforts. We do not have personally identifiable information on who is targeted in these ads or what websites they are viewing.
Users may opt out of internet advertisements related to third party vendors cookies by visiting Network Advertising Initiative and completing the opt-out process.
Changes to this privacy policy
Air Innovations has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
You may have certain rights under the Communications Act, Federal Trade Commission Act, and other state and federal statutes that may apply, and by accepting these terms and using the Website, you are waiving all of these rights as to collection, use, disclosure and storage of your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected by us. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Air Innovations, 7000 Performance Drive, North Syracuse, NY 13212 USA
+1 315 452 7400
info@airinnovations.com
Let's Get in Touch
7000 Performance DriveNorth Syracuse, NY 13212, USA
Phone 1-800-825-3268
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Organization Name
Continue
Skip Footer Navigation
Expertise
OEM Custom Climate Control
Custom Environmental Control for Non-OEMs
Clean Room Air Conditioning (Cleanroom Systems)
Humidity Control Solutions
Desk Console Management System (Micro Environments)
Healthcare Environments – Isolation Spaces & Sterility
Explosion-Proof HVAC
Wine Guardian – Specialty Commercial & Residential HVAC Systems
Industries
Aerospace
Homeland Security
Life Sciences & Pharmaceutical
Military
Research
Semiconductor
Other Industries
Observation Wheels
Case Studies
Whitepapers
About
Knowledge Base
Career Opportunities
FAQs
Glossary of Terms
Management Team
News
Other Brands
Psychrometric Testing Facility
Procurement
Our History
Facebook
Youtube
LinkedIn
Twitter
© 2020 Air Innovations, All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy
7000 Performance Drive, North Syracuse, NY 13212
Back to top