https://www.tunturi.com/en/service/privacy-policy/
Privacy statement - Tunturi Fitness
Home
/ Privacy statement
Privacy statement
Privacy StatementTunturi New Fitness BV
We are aware of the fact that you have confidence in us and we see it as our responsibility to protect your privacy. In this privacy statement (“Statement”), we inform you about the way in which Tunturi New Fitness BV deals with your personal data, including with regards to the question how we collect, use, disclose and protect your Personal Data (as such term is defined under the applicable Dutch data protection law). This way you understand exactly how we deal with your privacy.
This Statement applies to the services of Tunturi New Fitness BV. Tunturi New Fitness BV respects the privacy of all users of its website, www.tunturi.com(the "Website") and services and ensures that the personal information you give us is treated confidentially.
With "Personal Data" we mean the personal data as defined in the applicable Dutch data protection law, more specifically Article 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation ("AVG").
What information we receive from you and store depends on how you use the Website and/or the services. You can read more about the following topics below:
What Personal Data are processed, for what purposes, what legal basis is there for the processing and with whom do we share the Personal Data?
If you use the Website;
If you contact us with regards to service-questions or if you order of a part of a product via the service-form on the Website;
If you contact us with regards to other questions;
If you subscribe to our
How are your Personal Data protected?
How long are your Personal Data stored?
Access to, rectification and amendment of your Personal Data, and other rights you have;
Contact details and amendments to this Statement.
What Personal Data are processed, for what purposes are the Personal Data used and with whom might they be shared?
Tunturi New Fitness BV records various Personal Data in the context of our service provision. What Personal Data are involved depends on how you use our Website and/or services. You can use our services in the following ways:You only visit our Website;
You contact us regarding service questions or you order a part of a product via the service form on the Website;
You contact us regarding other questions;
You subscribe for our newsletter.
Below we describe for each type of use what Personal Data we process, the purpose(s) for which we process Personal Data, on what legal basis we process the Personal Data and with what other parties we might share the Personal Data. Without your permission, we never share your Personal Data with parties other than those mentioned below. We will also never sell your Personal Data to third parties for marketing purposes.
In addition to the specific sharing described under each category below, all Personal Data collected through the Website may be shared as follows:
Business transfers: In the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution of Tunturi New Fitness BV or a similar event concerning Tunturi New Fitness BV, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Legal requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability, we may disclose or share Personal Data.
We conclude a processing agreement with all parties with whom we share your data. If you want to know more about the specific agreements that we have made with specific parties and / or what the content of these agreements is, you can always request this via [email protected].
You only visit our Website
Read about our Cookie Policy here.
You contact us with regards to service-questions or you order of a part of a product via the service-form on the Website
If you register via our service form on the Website for the purpose of service-questions or if you want to order a part of one of our products, we will ask you to submit some data, including Personal Data, which data are relevant for the specific situation / question asked by you.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA
We process the following Personal Data:
First name and surname;
Home ddress;
Telephone number;
E-mail;
In the event of a service-question: which producttype it concerns, including serial number and date of purchase;
Your usage of the product per day;
If applicable: error codes;
Data of the dealer/reseller where you purchased the product;
In the event of a complaint; description of the complaint;
In the event you wish to order a part of a product: the number of that part;
Any other comments you submit in the form.
FOR WHAT PURPOSE
Tunturi New Fitness BV uses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
We use your Personal Data to improve our service provision;
We use the data to help you with service questions or to find a solution for your complaints;
We use the information to advise you when ordering a part and to process the actual order, in other words, to execute the agreement with you.
WHAT LEGAL BASIS
The processing of the above data is necessary to, depending on the reason why you contact us via the service form, advise you or to help you with questions and / or complaints.
SHARED WITH WHOM
We share this Personal Data with:
Our partners who help us to offer and provide the services you request, such as our distributors if you have purchased the product in a certain country or region. It is possible that these partners are located outside the Netherlands and / or the European Union;
Customer care that helps you with a solution for any complaints.
You contact us regarding other questions
If you contact us via the contact form on our Website for other questions (questions that are not related to services with regards to a product or the ordering of a part of a product), or when you contact us via a different channel for other questions, for example through social media, e-mail or telephone, we process certain Personal Data to respond to your question.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA
We process the following Personal Data:
First name and surname;
Depending on how you contact us: your telephone number, email address and/or home address;
The questions and/or comments you mention in the contact form or in your message through social media, e-mail or telephone.
FOR WHAT PURPOSE
Tunturi New Fitness BV uses your data for the following purposes:
We use the Personal Data to improve our service provision;
We use the Personal Data to answer your questions or assist you in the event you have complaints.
WHAT LEGAL BASIS
The processing of the above Personal Data is necessary for advising you or assisting you with questions and/or complaints, depending on the reason you have contacted us.
SHARED WITH WHOM
We share this information with:
Our partners who help us to offer and provide customer service, such as distributors. It is possible that these partners are located outside the Netherlands and/or the European Union.
If you subscribe to our newsletter
If you subscribe to a newsletter from Tunturi New Fitness BV, your Personal Data are used to inform you about our products and services. You can always unsubscribe from the newsletter or mailing list by following the opt-out link in any email received from Tunturi New Fitness BV or by contacting us at [email protected].
WHAT PERSONAL DATA
We process the following Personal Data:
First name and surname;
Email address.
FOR WHAT PURPOSE
Tunturi New Fitness BV uses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
To deliver the newsletter.
WHAT LEGAL BASIS
When subscribing to our newsletter, by opting in you unequivocally give permission for the processing of the above Personal Data so that we are able to deliver the newsletter. You have the right to revoke this permission at any time by simply sending an email to [email protected].
SHARED WITH WHOM
We share this Personal Data with:
The third parties that manage our mailing lists and send the newsletters.
How are your Personal Data protected?
Tunturi New Fitness BV understands that storing your Personal Data securely is extremely important. The Personal Data stored in our database are protected via the usual electronic security techniques, in accordance with the applicable data security standards.
Our Website and web applications are secured by means of SSL certificates. You can see this from the green padlock icon to the left of the URL in your browser’s address bar. All Personal Data you send and receive via our Website are therefore encrypted. The exchange of Personal Data between our Website and our processing partners also takes place via secure connections.
All partners with whom we share your Personal Data must also comply with these security requirements. We will make (processing) agreements with these parties. This also applies to partners established outside the Netherlands and / or the European Union.
How long are your Personal Data stored?
Tunturi New Fitness BV stores your Personal Data for no longer than permitted by law and no longer than necessary for the purposes for which your data are processed. How long certain Personal Data are stored depends on the nature of the data and the purposes for which they are processed. In any case, we keep 7 years as the maximum storage period If you have any further questions about our data retention policies, please contact us at [email protected].
Access to and rectification of your Personal Data and other rights you haveAccess to, rectification and erasure of your Personal Data
If you so desire, Tunturi New Fitness BV can provide you with an overview of the Personal Data we have in file for you.
If any Personal Data proves to be incorrect, or if storing the Personal Data is in violation of applicable law, we will correct the Personal Data or, at your request, erase it. Requests for access to data or the rectification or erasure of Personal Data can be submitted at any time by sending an email to [email protected]. After confirmation, Tunturi New Fitness BV will then erase or amend your data within 4 weeks.
Objecting to data processing
If you do not agree with the processing of your Personal Data, you can object to the processing at any time by sending an email to [email protected]. After receiving your email, we will respond to your objection as soon as possible, but in any event within 4 weeks after our receipt of your request.
Data portability
You are entitled to data portability. This means that you have the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided to us in a usable format so that they can be handed over to another controller. If you wish to receive your Personal Data in such a format, please send an email to [email protected]. We will contact you as soon as possible to discuss in what format you would like to receive the data. After this contact, we will respond to your request and provide the Personal Data within 4 weeks, and no later than within 3 months if the request is complex.
Revoking permission granted earlier
If you have given us permission to process your Personal Data, you can revoke this permission at any time by sending an email to [email protected]. We will respond to and confirm your request in relation to revoking permission as soon as possible, but in any event within 4 weeks after our receipt of your request.  Any revocation of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Lodging a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority.
If you have any concerns about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
Contact details and amendments to this Statement
If you wish to contact us with questions or comments about this Statement, you can do so via contacting the details below:
Tunturi New Fitness BV Telephone number: +31 36 546 00 50Email address: [email protected]
Service department: [email protected]
Postal address: Postbus 60001, 1320 AA Almere
Statement Changes. Tunturi New Fitness BV may amend this Statement from time to time if new developments occur and/or it deems this necessary. However, if we make any material changes or if otherwise required by the applicable law, we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. Please review this Statement periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Statement was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Website after any changes or revisions to this Statement shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Statement.
Last Updated:28 May 2018
By using our website, you agree to the usage of cookies to help us make this website better.
Hide this message
More on cookies »