http://www.dialamerica.com/corporate/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | DialAmerica
+1 (800) 913-3331
DialAmerica
DialAmerica offers domestic call center services for a variety of industries that align with your business needs for customer acquisition and retention.
960 Macarthur Blvd
Mahwah
NJ
07495
Phone: 201.258.2040
dialamerica.com/corporate/
Toggle navigation
(800) 913-3331
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Client Center
Why DialAmerica +
Our Difference
ThinSourcing
Data Analysis
Reporting
Compliance
Solutions +
Sales & Marketing
Customer Service
Healthcare
Industries +
Healthcare Solutions
B2B Sales & Service
Communications, Telecom & Media
Education
Energy
Financial Services
Government
Publishing
Retail & Ecommerce
Non-Profit
Learning Center +
Blog
Newsletters
Business Insights
Whitepapers
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Client Center
DialAmerica Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
DialAmerica Web/E-Mail/SMS Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
We believe that an ingredient essential to the success of any telephone campaign is the recognition and respect for the prospect and his/her right to privacy. DialAmerica's success in our industry is the result, in large part, of a concerted effort to treat all customers with dignity and respect. Our future success depends on this approach to a greater degree than ever before, and we are committed to maintaining our current policies.  With this in mind, DialAmerica has established the following practices to protect the personal information of its prospects and clients:
DialAmerica is fully committed to protecting the privacy and wishes of its prospects and customers. DialAmerica attempts to honor prospects and customers’ requests not to be called by our clients.
DialAmerica agents are instructed to honor all Do Not Call requests by customers.
DialAmerica subscribes to all federal and state not-for-telephone solicitation lists. Using the above, the company's database is updated on a regular basis.
When using outside lists, DialAmerica complies with industry ethical standards. To assure compliance, tapes received from clients are run against our in-house suppression list.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information that DialAmerica Inc., its affiliates, and its service providers (“DialAmerica,” “we,” or “us”) collect from and about consumers (“you”) when you visit our website, https://www.dialamerica.com (the “Site”) and for its own business and commercial purposes (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy also explains how DialAmerica may use and disclose such information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it.
By using the Site, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
DialAmerica also uses personal information to serve its business customers.  DialAmerica’s use of such information is limited to providing the specific services that we have agreed to provide to our business customers and is not governed by the Privacy Policy.
QUICK GUIDE TO CONTENTS
1.       INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A.    Information You Provide
B.    Information Automatically Collected
C.    Information Collected from Other Sources
D.    Combination of Information
2.       HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
3.       INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH OTHERS
A.    Sharing of Information by You
B.    Sharing of Information by Us
4.       YOUR CHOICES AND OPT-OUTS
A.    Cookies, Tracking Options, and California Do Not Track Disclosures
B.    Unsubscribing from Our Marketing Communications
5.       YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
6.       DATA SECURITY
7.       REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
8.       HOW TO CONTACT US
*        *        *
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
There are several ways we may obtain information about you, including through (A) information you provide to us directly; (B) information that we automatically collect; and (C) information we receive from third parties.
A. Information You Provide
DialAmerica collects information from you when you choose to share it with us.  This may include when you use our Site, request information from us, sign up for newsletters or our email list, use our Services, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with or contact us.  The information we collect may include your name, address, email address, or telephone or mobile number.
B. Information Automatically Collected
Whenever you visit or interact with the Site, we may use cookies and similar technologies to automatically or passively collect certain information your online activity. DialAmerica uses a variety of third-party vendors to collect and process this information.
Types of information that we automatically collect may include the following:
Computer or Device Information. We may automatically collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or other unique identifier or information from the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device you use to access the Site, including but not limited to your browser type, device type, operating system, software version, phone model, phone operating system, and the domain name from which you accessed the Site.
Usage Information. We may collect information about your use of the Services, including the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Site, the number of times you return to the Site, other click-stream or site usage data, emails that you open, forward or click-through to our Site, and other sites that you may visit.  We use cookies and similar tools to collect this kind of information.
Use of Third Party Analytic Technologies. We may use vendors’ analytics and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Site, how visitors are using the Site, and how to improve the effectiveness of the Services and related content, and to help us or those third parties serve more targeted advertising to you across the Internet. They may also combine information they collect from your interaction with the Site or App with information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, or control over, these third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
C. Information Collected From Other Sources
We may acquire information from other trusted third-party sources to update or supplement the information that you provide or that we collect automatically. This includes, for example, information from public databases or data aggregators (which may include your demographic information, media consumption, previous purchases, shopping habits, loyalty program information, lifestyle preferences, or information to validate or update the information we collect from or about you).
We may use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, personalize your experience with the Services, target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services or other offers that may be of interest to you, to measure ad quality and responses, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes.
D. Combination of Information
We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through our Site, as well as information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and from third party sources.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
DialAmerica may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following business purposes:
To review the usage and operations of our Site, develop new products or services, and conduct analysis to enhance or improve our content, products, and services.
To protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
DialAmerica may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following commercial purposes:
To provide you with customized Site content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site, via email, text message or push notification, or across other websites, mobile applications, social media or online services.
To contact you with information, newsletters and promotional materials from DialAmerica or on behalf of our partners and affiliates.
To understand your interests, so that we can determine what products and services may be of interest to you and to let you know about them, including through the use of online advertising. For information on your choices with respect to interest-based ads, see the section on “Your Choices and Opt-Outs” below.
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent or as otherwise permitted by law.
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH OTHERS
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose, sell, or rent any of your information to any third parties without your consent.  We may share the information we collect from and about you as described below.
A. Sharing of Information by You
The Services offer many ways to find, enjoy, and share content.  Your activity in connection with the Services may include inquiring about services, or otherwise interacting with the Services. Any information you may disclose on our Site could become public information.  Please exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas.
B. Sharing of Information by Us
We may share your personal information with the following:
Service Providers:  We may share your information with third party service providers that provide business, professional or technical support functions for us, help us operate our business and the Site, or administer activities on your behalf.
Third Parties for Marketing Purposes:  We may share your information with third parties to send you advertisements about products or services that may interest you.  These third parties also may send you advertisements about other products and services.  These activities may include the delivery of interest-based advertisements.
Legal Matters; Safety: We may access and disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, or government requests and investigations, or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law. We may disclose your information to protect the security of our Site, servers, network systems, and databases. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use, any other legal document or contract related to our services, or the rights of any third party.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets: We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business.  If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity.  In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through this Site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other: We also may share your information as disclosed to you at the time of collection.
YOUR CHOICES AND OPT-OUTS
A. Cookies, Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures
Certain parts of our Site require cookies. You may adjust your device or browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site. Please refer to your device’s settings or your browser’s “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your device or browser from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences.
Our system may not recognize Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. We may use cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to link data collected across other computers or devices that you may use.
B. Unsubscribing from our Marketing Communications
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-
mail to us at webmaster@dialamerica.com and telling us that you do not want to receive e-
mail from our company. Or you can reach us by telephone at 201-327-0200.
If you do not want to receive marketing phone calls from us, you may: (i) email us at webmaster@dialamerica.com with “Do Not Call” in the subject line; (ii) call customer care at 201-327-0200; (iii) ask to be placed on our Do Not Call list when you receive a call from us; or (iv) mail us at the address set forth below.
Your instructions to limit the use of your information for these purposes will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their personal information is shared with third parties or affiliated companies for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at: ccpainfo@dialamerica.com. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field. We are not responsible for notices that are not properly labeled or sent, or do not have complete information.
For the purposes of compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act, we make the following additional disclosures.  California residents may also take advantage of the following rights:
You may request, up to two times each year, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for selling your personal information, if applicable.
You may request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from or about you.  Note that there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.
To take advantage of any of these rights, please contact us at ccpainfo@dialamerica.com , 1-844-999-3440 , or by mail at Attn: Denise Nadratowski, DialAmerica, 960 Macarthur Blvd. Mahwah NJ 07430.  For verification purposes, please provide the information specified in our request form at https://www.dialamerica.com/corporate/california-consumer-privacy-act-request-form/.  If you make a CCPA request by phone, our operators will collect this information from you.  We value your privacy and will not discriminate in response to your exercise of your CCPA rights.
As described in detail throughout this Privacy Policy, we make the following disclosures:
We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers/Contact Information, Commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, visual and audio information, and inferences drawn from the above.
Our disclosure of Identifiers and Usage Information constitutes a sale of personal information under the CCPA. We do not otherwise sell personal information.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Identifiers/Contact Information, Commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, visual and audio information, and inferences drawn from the above.
DATA SECURITY
We take certain physical, administrative, and technical steps to protect personal information against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Please note, however, that no set of security controls guarantees protection against all data security threats.
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site.  Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.  If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact us at webmaster@dialamerica.com or by mail to:
960 Macarthur Blvd.
Mahwah, NJ 07495
Attention: Denise Nadratowski
DIALAMERICA SMS TERMS
Text JOB to 45723 to receive informational alerts from DialAmerica. Approx 5 msgs/mo. Message and Data Rates May Apply. For additional information, text HELP to 45723. You may opt out at anytime by sending STOP to 45723. Contact us at jobs@dialamerica.com. SMS Terms and Conditions Subscription Service available on most carriers including U.S. Cellular, AT&T, Cellular One, T-Mobile, Sprint, Boost, MetroPCS, Verizon Wireless, Alltel Wireless and Virgin Mobile. Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Requires text-enabled handset. You may cancel your subscription by texting STOP to 45723. You can also get info directly on your phone by texting HELP to 45723 or contacting us at jobs@dialamerica.com. Service will continue until customer cancels. Carriers are not responsible for delayed or undelivered messages.Privacy
DialAmerica respects your privacy. We will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. We will only use information you provide to transmit your text message. Nonetheless, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the Service, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If we, in our sole discretion, believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we may refuse you access to the Service and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
Contact Us
Choose a call center service provider that’s an extension of your team. Contact us today.
Contact Us
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Client Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
© 2020 DialAmerica. All Rights Reserved.