https://www.smithwick-ins.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Marine Insurance
Back
Pleasure Boat Application
Commercial Marine Application
Auto, Home & Life
Back
Auto Insurance Application
Home Insurance Application
Life Insurance Application
Commercial Insurance
Back
General Commercial Risk Insurance Application
Construction Risk Insurance Application
Marine Resources
About Us
Locations
Back
Falmouth, Maine
Kennebunk, Maine
New Bedford, Massachusetts
South Hampton, New Hampshire
Last updated: May 1, 2020
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Smithwick & Mariners Insurance, IncContent refers to content such as text, images, or other information that can be posted, uploaded, linked to or otherwise made available by You, regardless of the form of that content.Feedback means feedback, innovations or suggestions sent by You regarding the attributes, performance or features of our Service.Goods refer to the items offered for sale on the Service.Orders mean a request by You to purchase Goods from Us.Promotions refer to contests, sweepstakes or other promotions offered through the Service.Service refers to the Website.Subscriptions refer to the services or access to the Service offered on a subscription basis by the Company to You.Free Trial refers to a limited period of time that may be free when purchasing a Subscription.Terms and Conditions (also referred as “Terms”) mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.Third-party Social Media Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.Website refers to smithwick-ins.com, accessible from Smithwick & Mariners Insurance, IncYou means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Acknowledgement
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating Our offerings of Goods on the Service. The Goods available on Our Service may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, and We may experience delays in updating information regarding our Goods on the Service and in Our advertising on other websites.
We cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information, including prices, product images, specifications, availability, and services. We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Promotions
Any Promotions made available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms.
If You participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms, the Promotion rules will apply.
Content
Content Backups
Although regular backups of Content are performed, the Company do not guarantee there will be no loss or corruption of data.
Corrupt or invalid backup points may be caused by, without limitation, Content that is corrupted prior to being backed up or that changes during the time a backup is performed.
The Company will provide support and attempt to troubleshoot any known or discovered issues that may affect the backups of Content. But You acknowledge that the Company has no liability related to the integrity of Content or the failure to successfully restore Content to a usable state.
You agree to maintain a complete and accurate copy of any Content in a location independent of the Service.
Your Feedback to Us
You assign all rights, title and interest in any Feedback You provide the Company. If for any reason such assignment is ineffective, You agree to grant the Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, worldwide right and licence to use, reproduce, disclose, sub-licence, distribute, modify and exploit such Feedback without restriction.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.
Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
United States Federal Government End Use Provisions
If You are a U.S. federal government end user, our Service is a “Commercial Item” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Terms shall not effect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us at 1-800-370-1883.