http://www.proacousticsusa.com/policies
CHECK OUT THESE END OF YEAR PROMOS (Nov 15 - Dec 31)FREE SHIPPING AND MORE!
Home
/
Policies
×
List Price
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Pro Acoustics is committed to offering you the best possible price. Sorry, but in order to stay in compliance with our manufacturer's "minimum advertised price”, we cannot always display pricing online.
Rest assured that you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price.
Please feel free to contact us with question at anytime: (888) 256-4112
Pro Acoustics is committed to offering you the best possible price. Sorry, but in order to stay in compliance with our manufacturer's "minimum advertised price”, we cannot always display pricing online.
Rest assured that you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price.
Please feel free to contact us with question at anytime: (888) 256-4112
Site Terms of Use
Acceptance of Contract Terms
The following forms a legal agreement between you and PRO ACOUSTICS LLC ("PRO ACOUSTICS LLC"). By using this site you are acknowledging that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. The material provided on this site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law and international treaties. Any claim relating to the use of this site, its materials, and any sales thereunder is governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to conflict of laws or rules and Texas will be the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from the use of or orders made on the site. In the event we have a dispute arising out of or relating in any to any business dealings between us, we agree to first submit such dispute to mediation. The mediator shall be mutually agreed upon. If we cannot agree, the mediator shall be designated by the American Arbitration Association and the mediation shall be conducted pursuant to the applicable rules of the American Arbitration Association. If mediation is not successful, we agree to submit any such dispute to arbitration, before one arbitrator, pursuant to the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator shall have no power to vary the terms of our agreement. The place of mediation and, if necessary, the arbitration shall be Austin, Texas. Judgment upon any award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Use Restrictions
The copyright in all materials provided on this site is held by PRO ACOUSTICS LLC. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without the prior written permission of PRO ACOUSTICS LLC. Permission is granted to display, copy or distribute and download the materials on this site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions or upon the request of PRO ACOUSTICS LLC. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You also cannot "mirror" any material contained on this site. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, and various other regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos (the "Trademarks") used and displayed on this site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of PRO ACOUSTICS LLC and others. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this site without the written permission of the Trademark owner. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC prohibits the use of the PRO ACOUSTICS LLC logo as a "hot" link to the PRO ACOUSTICS LLC site unless the establishment of such a link is approved in advance by PRO ACOUSTICS LLC in writing.
Disclaimer Warranty
This website and the information provided herein are provided “As Is” without warranties of any kind either express or implied.  To the fullest extent possible pursuant to the applicable law, Pro Acoustics LLC disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or other violations of rights.  Pro Acoustics LLC does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, validity, accuracy, or reliability of, or the results of the use of, or otherwise respecting, the materials or products on this site or any sites linked to this site.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Pro Acoustics LLC be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, harm to equipment and or personal injury or death, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if Pro Acoustics LLC or a Pro Acoustics LLC authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  If your use of materials from this site results in the need for servicing, repair, or correction of any item you assume any cost thereof.  Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error, entry error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, PRO ACOUSTICS LLC shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for said product(s). If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and the order is canceled, PRO ACOUSTICS LLC will immediately issue a credit to your credit card for the amount of the order.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of electronic or other forms of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason whatsoever. Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and Pro Acoustics LLC will take place on the dispatch of the products ordered to you unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have canceled it in accordance with the instructions in How to Cancel an Order.
Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:
The product you ordered is unavailable from stock.
Our inability to obtain authorization for your payment from your credit company, payment facility, or your bank.
The identification of a pricing or product description error.
You not meeting the eligibility to order criteria set forth in the main “Terms and Conditions" on our web site.
You are not a USA based customer.
All orders placed with Pro Acoustics LLC are subject to contractual obligations with our vendors and manufacturers. Some products may not meet the operating specifications/standards such as operating voltages or safety agency regulations (FCC, UL and CE) governing import-export laws that are required to ship outside the USA. Therefore, Pro Acoustics LLC may not be able to fulfill your order and will have the right to cancel an order at its sole discretion. In the event that we must cancel your order, you will receive an email notification and a full refund. This can apply to customers who do not permanently reside at an address in the United States, are using a freight forwarder to deliver to an address outside the United States, or have not provided adequate information for proof of residency in the USA. Should you have any questions, please contact our customer service department.
Fraud Protection
For your protection, all orders are subject to Pro Acoustics’ information verification process. Pro Acoustics LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel an existing order when any banking or credit card information is not verifiable. If so, a refund will be issued to the original payer via the method used to make the payment. If an order is refused or returned to us due to inaccurate or lack of verifiable information, incorrect address information or because it was declined by the bank or credit card company, Pro Acoustics LLC reserves the right to charge for any and all cost we incur. Customers may be asked to verify ownership of the credit card or that the order information is legitimate and verifiable. This may include a request for a copy of your credit card (front and back), which can be transmitted by fax or through a secure upload page which we will provide should this be necessary. Should your order require verification, you will be notified by phone or email. For this reason, it is imperative that you provide us with both your current daytime and evening phone numbers, including country and city codes. Some items cannot be exported due to manufacturer, government restrictions, and/or our contractual relationship with Vendors. We do not ship to Iran, Sudan, Cuba, Syria, North Korea, Nigeria, Ghana, Uganda, and Georgia.
Fraud protection for all eCommerce, shopping cart, phone, and purchase orders paid via credit card, PayPal, or another electronic method: In the event, we are contacted by a government or law enforcement agency regarding the questionable activity or a criminal investigation we may be required to release your personal information. Because we are very concerned about protecting our customers from credit card fraud orders may be subject to review by our fraud detection department. As part of this review, we may require that your order ship to the billing address of your credit card or an alternate address authorized in writing by the owner of the credit card. We may also require a phone call from the card owner and/or an email from the card owner to further clarify any questions we may have. The billing address of your card is the address that your monthly statement is mailed to. If for some reason you cannot have your order shipped to your billing address you may contact the card company and have them add an alternate shipping address to your account. We must be able to verify this address before the order can be processed.
VERY IMPORTANT: Most banks or financial institutions will not allow alternative addresses to be added to your debit card. Please feel free to call us if you need any special accommodations regarding your order and we will do our very best to help you.
Proof of Identity
If for any reason whatsoever Pro Acoustics LLC is not satisfied with the credit information presented, we may request further proof of identity such as a driver’s license, utility bill, or other means of legal identification. Or for any other reason we believe it is not in our best interest to process the order, additional identifying information may be requested
Order Cancellation Policy
To cancel an order you have placed with Pro Acoustics LLC, you must contact customer service by email (customercare@proacousticsusa.com) or by phone (1-888-256-4112).  Every effort will be made to accommodate the cancellation of your order as long as it has not yet shipped.
When contacting customer service to cancel an order, please be ready to provide your name, the order number, and your contact information.
Please note that if the item has shipped, the order cannot be canceled.  In this case, you can request to return the item for a refund (minus shipping costs).
Sales Taxes
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC withholds applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within Texas. Each customer shall be solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to any other location.
Free Shipping
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC offers free ground shipping on select products that are specified and notated as such. Free shipping promotions are limited to the 48 contiguous U.S. states and the District of Columbia.
Transmissions
Any material, information, or idea you transmit to or post on this site by any means will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be disseminated or used by PRO ACOUSTICS LLC or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to PRO ACOUSTICS LLC will be handled in accordance with PRO ACOUSTICS LLC's Privacy Policy. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
Term of Use Revisions
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
Privacy Policy
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our visitors and customers. Our website is a safe environment for anyone who visits and purchases. As a seller of products over the Internet, we are also committed to providing you the best possible online service and experience as well as the best products.
Personal Information
When you use this website, the site automatically tracks certain information about you. This information includes your domain name and IP address, your browser version, your operating system, the URL you came from, the pages you visit within the website, and the URL to which you go upon leaving the website. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC uses this information, in an aggregate form only, to monitor website performance, utilization of features and services, traffic trends, and browser version.
Our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All information is stored on a secure server that is not accessible through the Internet.
Certain personal information is required for some interactions and the requirements may vary depending on your goals. When you request a quotation, order products or register an account you may provide such personal information as: (i) first and last name; (ii) billing address; (iii) delivery address; (iv) e-mail address; (v) phone numbers; and (vi) credit card account number. We collect all or some of this information via the pages where you request your quote, checkout, create your account, and at other locations.
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC also gives users the opportunity to view, change or remove your personal and demographic information previously provided at any time. Simply sign in to your account or e-mail customer service with your request (customercare@proacousticsusa.com).
We use this information as follows:
We fulfill your quote request or order based on this information.
We provide you with information about your quote or order (for example, we send your price quote and system design and confirm your order has been received and is being processed by email).
We ask for your telephone number in the event that our customer service representatives need to contact you and cannot reach you by e-mail.
We save the information about products you have shown interest in or purchased to provide you with the best possible customer service and most up-to-date information.
We recognize you as a repeat customer. This enables us to retrieve certain information that you previously provided so that you do not need to re-enter this information every time you shop with us.
We use your e-mail address to correspond with you in an attempt to get you the best solution to your needs, as well as, to send you periodic marketing and promotional notices relating to your interest (but only if you indicate, at the time you registered, that you would like to receive such notices).
Credit card information is used to bill you for products you have ordered. Credit Card will only be saved if you select to do so at the time of checkout.
We use the information collected to improve the features, functionality, appearance, and content of the website and our services.
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC does not use, sell, rent, or exchange your personal information, at the present time, but reserves the right to do so without notice.
Cookies
'Cookies' are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a website for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communications and interaction with that website. We may use cookies to (i) customize your visitation and shopping experience, (ii) deliver content consistent with your stated interests, (iii) provide you with custom-tailored content, and (iv) to save your password (if you have registered with us) so that you don't have to re-enter it each time that you visit our website. By showing us how and when shoppers use our website, cookies also help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the website are based on data such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can, however, set your browser to refuse cookies.
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC will never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to our website.
Credit Card Processing and Security
We have taken numerous steps to ensure that your payment information is processed confidentially and accurately. If unauthorized charges are made on your credit card as a result of shopping at PRO ACOUSTICS LLC, we will reimburse you for any fraudulent charges not covered by your credit card issuer. The Fair Credit Billing Act prohibits your credit card company from holding you responsible for more than $50 of fraudulent credit card charges. If your credit card was used fraudulently, through no fault of your own, as a result of shopping with PRO ACOUSTICS LLC, we will cover the entire amount for which your credit card company holds you responsible, up to this $50 limit. If your credit card is used in an unauthorized manner, notify your credit card company immediately. It will assist you in making a claim and notify you about whether you will be held responsible for this $50 liability fee. If you are required to pay the fee, please let us know so that we can reimburse you for 100% of this fee.
If you prefer, you may place your order by telephone. Simply call PRO ACOUSTICS LLC at 1-888-256-4112. To further protect your information, we utilize state of the art back-end systems and restrict employee access to your information.
To check that your browser is in secure mode, check that a "lock" or a "key" icon is displayed in the lower left-hand corner of your browser window. You can also check by looking at the URL bar on top of your browser. This line will typically show the first characters as "HTTPS" when a secure connection has been established rather than "HTTP" which indicates a connection that is not secured.
While PRO ACOUSTICS LLC strives to protect the personal information and privacy of each User, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk. You acknowledge that you are aware of security and privacy limitations including but not limited to: (1) the limitation of security, privacy, and authentication measures and features in this system; and (2) that data or information on the website may be subject to eavesdropping, sniffing, spoofing, forgery, spamming, 'impostering', tampering, breaking passwords, harassment, fraud, electronic, trespassing, hacking, nuking, system contamination (including, without limitation, viruses, worms, and Trojan horses) causing unauthorized, damaging, or harmful access and/or retrieval of information and data on your computer, may be subject to other security or privacy hazards or may not reach its destination or may reach an erroneous address or recipient.
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC wants you to feel completely comfortable. If you have more questions about our guarantee, please call 1- 888-256-4112 and ask for our webmaster who will be happy to help you.
Safety of Children
PRO ACOUSTICS LLC is committed to the safety of our children and to protecting the online privacy of children. Children under 18 may not purchase products on this website. If a child under 18 nonetheless elects to purchase products on this website, he or she should always ask a parent for permission before sending any personal or credit card information to the site or sending personal information to anyone online. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC will not request or knowingly collect from a child any personal information about the child or child’s family. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC cannot prohibit minors from visiting this site. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC relies on parents, guardians, and those responsible for supervising children under the age of 18 to decide whether this website is appropriate for such children to view.
Using a parent's credit card without his or her knowledge means the parent will be held responsible for these charges. Credit card misuse will involve you in legal difficulties with the credit card company.
Each time you purchase a product on this website or provide information about yourself or your family, you are representing to PRO ACOUSTICS LLC that you are 18 years old or older.
Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other websites. Other sites may also reference or link to our website. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC expressly disclaims all responsibility and liability which may arise therefrom. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC encourages all Users to read the privacy policies of other websites.
Other Information
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by PRO ACOUSTICS LLC as described in this Privacy Policy. PRO ACOUSTICS LLC fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to release information about members who we believe are in violation of our content guidelines. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful. By using our website, you signify your agreement to the PRO ACOUSTICS LLC Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to make changes to this policy at any time; please check this page periodically for changes.
Newsletter
Sign Up For Latest Offers & Products at Pro Acoustics!
Go
Ordering
FAQ's
Installation Questions
International Ordering
Financing
Returns and Exchanges
Disclaimer
Copyright
Policies Terms & Privacy
Customer Service
Clearance
About Pro Acoustics
Contact Us
Contractor Program
Press Room
Our Customers
Our Blog
Our Brands
About Us
Meet The Team
Employment Opportunities
We Accept
Follow Us
Associations
Copyright © Pro Acoustics ® LLC - All Rights Reserved. - Terms and Conditions