https://www.armstrong-pump.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Effective date: June 09, 2019
Armstrong-Pump (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.armstrong-pump.com/ website (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. The Privacy Policy for armstrong-pump has been created with the help of TermsFeed.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.armstrong-pump.com/
Definitions
ServiceService is the https://www.armstrong-pump.com/ website operated by armstrong-pumpPersonal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).CookiesCookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
armstrong-pump uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the ServiceTo notify you about changes to our ServiceTo allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do soTo provide customer care and supportTo provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the ServiceTo monitor the usage of the ServiceTo detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
armstrong-pump will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
armstrong-pump may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or property of armstrong-pumpTo prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liability
As an European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights. You can learn more about these guides in the GDPR Guide.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: admin@armstrong-pump.com
Recent Posts
How to tell if water pump is bad
How To Replace Water Pump
What is a water compressor for?
Advice On Home Water Pump Repair
How To Make A Powerful Water Pump At Home
Advertisement
Categories
Blogging
Uncategorized
HVAC newsDanfoss upgrades cold room controller December 9, 2020Daikin launches monobloc heat pump November 27, 2020GEA extends Red heat pump series October 27, 2020Armstrong offers three-day delivery October 26, 2020Daikin expresses support for EU Green Deal September 28, 2020
Products and ServicesAP Series Vacuum Pump
Fiberscope Inspections
Inlet and Discharge Separators
Orifice Testing In The Field
Pump Removal and Installation
Refiner Plates
Research, Development and Design
Technical Support
Vacuum Pump Repairs
Sponsored
PagesDisclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 All Rights Reserved. Theme:
Construction Company WordPress Theme