http://www.manufacturers.com.tw/help/copyright-disclaimer.htm
Suppliers
Agriculture & Food Products
Animal & Pet Products
Automobile & Auto Parts
Bags & Luggages
Beauty & Health
Bicycles Parts & Accessories
Business Services
Chemicals & Related Products
Clothing & Fashion Accessories
Computer & PC Peripheral
Construction & Building Materials
Consumer Electronics
Die & Mold
Electronic Components
Environmental Products & Equip.
Furniture Manufacturers
Gift & Promotional Items
Hardware Products
Home, Industrial & Tools
Hydraulic & Pneumatic Parts
More Categories ...
Industrial Supply
Kitchenware & Household Goods
Lights & Lighting
Musical Instruments
Office Supplies & Stationery
Optical & Photography Equipment
Outdoor, Leisure & Sporting Goods
Packaging Materials & Equipment
Plumbing Manufacturers
Printing & Publishing Products
Security, Safety Products
Shoes & Shoe Materials
Taiwan Machinery Manufacturers
Telecommunication Equipments
Textile Manufacturers
Toy Manufacturers
Watches, Clocks & Timepieces
Wood, Paper & Pulp Products
Tradeleads
Post Trade Leads
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Tradeshow
Taiwan Show
Featured Trade Shows
Industry Bulletin
Trade Shows News
Online Trade Shows
Post
Inquiry Basket
Sign In
Suppliers
Products
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Home > Help > Copyright & Disclaimer
Copyright & Disclaimer
G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD.
Copyright
The works of authorship contained in this world wide website in the domain "www.manufacture.com.tw" (the G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD. Site"), including but not limited to all design, text and images, are owned, except as otherwise expressly stated, by G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD. and may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without the prior written consent of The G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD., except to the extent that such use constitutes "fair use" under the Copyright Act of Taiwan, as amended, and except for one temporary copy in a single computer's memory and one unaltered permanent copy to be used by the viewer for personal and non-commercial use only, with an attached copy of this page containing G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD., Copyright and Trademark Notices.
Unless you have a G.T. Logo License or other written agreement in effect with The G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD. which states otherwise, you may only provide a hypertext link to the G.T. Site on another website, provided that (a) the link must be a text-only link clearly marked "G.T. Home Page" or " www.gt-group.com.tw", (b) the link must "point" to the URL "http://www.manufacture.com.tw" and not to other pages within the G.T. Site, (c) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with G.T.s name and trademarks, (d) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not create the false appearance that an entity is associated with or sponsored by G.T., (e) the link, when activated by a user, must display the G.T. Site full-screen and not within a "frame" on the linked website, and (f) The G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD. reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion.
Disclaimer
All information contained herein is obtained by G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD. from sources believed by G.T. to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human and mechanical error as well as other factors, neither G.T. (and its affiliates) nor the Information providers are responsible for any errors or omissions, either G.T.'s (the affiliates') or the Information Providers'. All information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. G.T. (its affiliates) and the Information Providers make no representations and disclaim all express, implied, and statutory warranties of any kind to user and/or any third party including warranties as to accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose.
Unless due to willful tortuous misconduct or gross negligence, G.T. (and affiliates) and the Information Providers have no liability in tort, contract, or otherwise (and as permitted by law, product liability), to user and/or any third party.
G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD. (and affiliates) and the Information Providers shall under no circumstance be liable to user, and/or any third party for any lost profits or lost opportunity, indirect, special, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages whatsoever, even if G.T. has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Trademarks
The logos identifying G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD. and products are service/trademarks of G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD.
Privacy Statement
G.T. takes reasonable precautions to protect your personal information. This Privacy Statement describes how your personal information is collected, used, shared and safeguarded by G.T. G.T. protects personal information provided by you through the use of this website. G.T. uses SSL encryption to protect the collection and transfer of sensitive information. G.T. is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-G.T. web sites linked to this site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other web sites when you leave our Web site.
G.T. collects personal information from you to provide requested services and enhance your customer experience. We may supplement the information collected from you with information that is available from publicly available third party sources. G.T. is the sole owner of the information collected on this website, and will not sell, share, or rent your personal information in ways different from what is disclosed in this privacy statement. G.T. also uses third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this Web site. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services of interest. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. G.T. has no control over third-party cookies.
G.T. does share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers, in ways that do not directly identify you. G.T. uses outside companies to send mail and ship orders, and process credit card purchases. These companies do not retain, share, store or use your personal information for any other purpose. If you sign up for a G.T. service provided by a third party under contract with us, we will share your name and the minimum information necessary for the third party to provide these services. Manufacture.com.tw additionally will display aggregated portfolio information on the site at no time will we share or display individual portfolio information.
You will be given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your information used for purposes not directly related to this site at the point where we ask for your information, and you will be notified if your information will be used by outside parties. You may contact us to correct or update your personal data. If we change our privacy policy, we will revise our Privacy Statement as your notice. If we intend to use your personal information in a manner different from that which was stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you. You will then have a choice as to whether or not we use your information for this new purpose.
G.T. INTERNET INFORMATION CO., LTD.
17F., No. 241, Sec. 3, Wunsin Rd., Situn Dist., Taichung City 407, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Tel: +886-4-2296-6999
Fax: +886-4-2296-0605
e-Mail: service@manufacture.com.tw
Cookies
G.T.'s use of web cookies is not linked to your personal information while on this site. G.T. uses both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period-of-time. Session cookies are deleted once you close your browser (or leave this site) Some cookies contain the email address provided by you when you completed your email profile. This information is used to populate an email address box with your email address.
Third Party Advertising
We use Double Click and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
G.T. Internet Information Co., Ltd.
Address : 17F., No. 241, Sec. 3, Wunsin Rd., Situn Dist., Taichung City 407, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
TEL : +886-4-2296-6999 / Fax : +886-4-2296-0605
Skype :
Download
Service Hour : 8:30 AM ~ 12:00 AM, 1:00 PM ~ 5:30 PM
Current Time :
(Taipei Time Zone GMT +8)
How to Buy
Find Suppliers
Find Selling Leads
Post Buying Leads
How to Sell
Find Buying Leads
Post Selling Leads
Help
How to Use My BMS
Search Tips
Trade Resources
Global Stock
World Trade Centers
Exhibition Information
Tradeshow Calendar
Terms & Conditions
Copyright & Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Our Services
Advertise
Help
My BMS
Post Trade Leads
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Suppliers
Trade Show
Site Map
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2017, G.T. Internet Information Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.