https://www.ceriumoptical.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy and cookies
This privacy policy explains how Cerium Optical use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Topics:
What information do we collect about you?How will we use the information about you?MarketingAccess to your information and correctionCookiesOther websitesChanges to our privacy policyHow to contact us
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you.
We may use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website.
Cerium Visual Technologies Ltd will not share your information for marketing purposes with third parties.
In processing your order, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the below address.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
We use the following types of cookie:
(1) Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website. They keep track of browsing patterns and help us to build up a profile of how our readers use the website.
(2) Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are required to allow the site to work, for example the shopping basket. Without the cookies the basket cannot remember the contents of the basket. We must set these cookies when you shop on the site.
(3) Security cookies. These are used to allow us to add a layer of security to the website hosting arrangements. We will set these cookies only while you are visiting the site to help keep you and the website safe.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 26th April 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
by email: salesteam@ceriumoptical.comOr write to us at: Cerium Visual Technologies Ltd, Cerium Technology Park, Appledore Road, Tenterden, Kent, TN30 7DE
Search
×
Home
Products
Locations
Trade shows
Environmental Policy
R&D
Contact
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy