http://www.securamonde.com/about-us/legals/
Skip to content
+44 (0)1264 326 377smi@securamonde.comTwitterYouTubeRssLinkedinVimeo
Home Our BusinessPre-issue: cash & currency analysisCurrency Structure Analysis Security Feature Assessment Currency Design & Banknote Testing SMI Approach
Post-issue: cash managementAnalysis & Benchmarking Fitness Standards Commercial Cash Operations In-house Cash Processing
Market Research & Analysis
Industry News & Events About UsOur People Careers
Contact Us
Legal
Information relating to the securamonde.com website and ISO 9001:2015 certification.
Last updated 17 July 2018
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyISO 9001:2015 Quality Policy
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE
Definitions
Terms of Website Use
Supply Terms
General
These Terms (together with our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy) tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of this Website, whether as a guest or a registered user.
Use of this Website includes accessing or browsing this Website or registering to use services or to order products from us such as Reports.
This Website is operated by Secura Monde International Limited. Our registered company details are set out in the Definitions section.
These Terms apply to the use of this Website and by accessing this Website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you may not use or access this Website.
We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computer for future reference.
You may contact us by using the general online Contact form. If you wish to give us formal notice of any matter in accordance with these Terms, please see clause 4.3.
1.    DEFINITIONS
“Contract” means any contract between you and us for the supply of Reports by us to you in accordance with these Terms.
“Cookie Policy” means our policy which sets out information about the use of cookies on this Website and which can be found found in the Cookie Policy.
“Order Confirmation” means an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order for Report(s) and confirming our acceptance of your order.
“Privacy Policy” means our policy which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, and which can be found found in the Privacy Policy.
“Report” means a report, which may be in document, image or video format, listed on this Website available to order from us when you have registered.
“Supply Terms” means the terms and conditions in clause 3 which are applicable if you order Reports from this Website.
“Terms” means these website terms and conditions and the Supply Terms.
“we” or “us” means Secura Monde International Limited, incorporated and registered in England and Wales, company number 03189202 whose registered office is at 5 Beresford Gate, South Way, Andover SP10 5BN, United Kingdom.
“Website” means our website located at securamonde.com (or any subsequent URL which may replace it).
“you” means a user of this Website.
2.    TERMS OF WEBSITE USE
2.1    Accessing this Website
(a)    This Website is made available free of charge.
(b)    We do not guarantee that this Website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis.
(c)    You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to this Website and for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access this Website. You should use your own virus protection software.
(d)    You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access this Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and any other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
(e)    This Website may be used only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding this Website and any transactions conducted on or through this Website.
2.2    Registration
(a)    You must sign in as a registered user before you can subscribe to use one of our services such as to receive email updates or to order Reports from this Website. You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use.
(b)    When you register, you consent to us processing any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us. We will only use your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please take the time to read our Privacy Policy as it includes important terms which apply to you.
(c)    If you choose, or you are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to anyone.
(d)    We have the right to disable any user name or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
(e)    If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user name or password, you must promptly notify us using the general online Contact form.
(f)    You can change your personal details submitted during the registration process at any time by clicking on the ‘My account details’ link within your account area, and clicking on the ‘edit your password and account details’ link or the ‘Edit’ link by the billing address area.
(g)    You warrant that:
(i)    the personal information which you are required to provide when you register as a customer is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and
(ii)    you will notify us immediately of any changes to your personal information by using the general online Contact form.
2.3    Changes we can make
(a)    We may revise these Terms at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made, as they are binding on you. These Terms were most recently updated as shown by the date at the bottom of this page.
(b)    We reserve the right to modify, suspend or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website (or any part of this Website) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or suspension or withdrawal of this Website.
2.4    Third Party Links
We may embed content on this Website from external sites, including without limitation, YouTube videos, media hosted by Issuu.com, and social media links and feeds with sites such as Twitter and LinkedIn. Where this Website contains links to other websites provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the contents of those websites. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites.
3.    SUPPLY TERMS
3.1    Terms of Supply
(a)    In addition to the Terms, these terms and conditions of supply apply when you order and we supply any Report to you.
(b)    The Supply Terms will apply to any Contract. The Supply Terms and any Contract are only in the English language.
(c)    We may amend the Supply Terms from time to time as set out in clause 2.3. Every time you wish to order Reports, please check the Supply Terms to ensure you understand the terms which will apply at that time.
3.2    Orders and the Contract
(a)    As stated above, you must sign in as a registered user before you can order Reports from this Website.
(b)    Please read the Supply Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them before ordering any Reports from this Website as before placing an order, you will be asked to agree to the Supply Terms. You confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use this Website to order Reports. If you refuse to accept the Supply Terms, you will not be able to order any Reports from this Website.
(c)    Our ordering page will guide you through the steps you need to take to place an order with us. Before you confirm you wish to proceed with the order, a statement will be given that once you have placed your order and downloaded the Report(s) you ordered, no refund will be available as you will have received the Report(s).
(d)    Our order process allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting your order. Please take the time to read and check your order at each page of the order process.
(e)    When you place an order, payment in advance will be required. You can only pay for Reports using PayPal. If you have not previously entered your billing address information within the ‘My account’ area, you will be asked to enter the relevant fields during payment before being directed to the PayPal site.
(f)    After you place an order, you will receive an Order Confirmation. The Contract will be formed when we send you the Order Confirmation. Every time you order a Report from us, the Terms in force at the time of your order will apply to the Contract.
3.3    Fulfilment of Orders
Once you have received the Order Confirmation, the Report(s) you have ordered will become instantly available to download on the following terms:
(a)    as stated above, once a Report has been downloaded, no refund will be available;
(b)    we only supply the Reports for internal use by your business and you agree not to use any Report for any resale purposes;
(c)    you may download such Report(s) onto only one computer hard drive for such internal use and your use of the Report(s) is on a single user licence basis. If you wish to distribute the Report(s) to other people, please contact us for a multi-user licence;
(d)    you acknowledge in particular the provisions relating to liability and intellectual property rights in clauses 4.1 and 4.2;
(e)    we will not be responsible for ensuring that the Reports are suitable for your purposes.
3.4    Prices
(a)    The prices of the Reports will be as quoted on this Website at the time you submit your order. Some Reports will be free of charge as stated on this Website. We take all reasonable care to ensure that the prices of Reports are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto our system.
(b)    The prices include VAT (where applicable) at the applicable current rate chargeable in the UK for the time being. Our VAT number is 641 9565 19.
(c)    Prices for our Reports may change from time to time, but changes will not affect any order you have already placed.
4.    GENERAL
4.1    Our Liability
(a)    The content on this Website and the Reports are provided for general information only. They are not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. Any images of the Reports on this Website are for illustrative purposes only. Please contact us using the general online Contact form to obtain specific advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on this Website or any Report. You understand that we shall have no liability to you for your use of this Website or of any Report.
(b)    Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on this Website, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on this Website is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
(c)    Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English or applicable local law.
(d)    We will not be liable for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, our obligations under these Terms due to any circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
(e)    Subject to clause 4.1(c) and the remaining provisions of these Terms, if we are found liable to you for any losses arising under or in connection with these Terms, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise:
(i)    we will under no circumstances whatever be liable to you for:
(A)    any loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
(B)    loss or corruption of data, information or software;
(C)    loss of business opportunity;
(D)    loss of anticipated savings;
(E)    loss of goodwill;
(F)    any indirect or consequential loss;
(G)    use of, or inability to use, this Website; or
(H)    use of or reliance on any content displayed on this Website;
(ii)    our total liability shall in no circumstances exceed the total amount paid by you or on your behalf to us for the Reports you have ordered from us.
(f)    We do not guarantee that this Website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any content on it including without limitation any Report, or on any website linked on this Website.
(g)    We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of any websites that may be linked on this Website.
(h)    Except as expressly stated in these Terms, we do not give any representation, warranties or undertakings in relation to this Website or any Report. Any representation, condition or warranty which might be implied or incorporated into these Terms by statute, common law or otherwise is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
4.2    Intellectual Property Rights
(a)    We are the owner (or the licensee) of all intellectual property rights in this Website, in the material and content published on it and the Reports. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved and you are permitted to use such material and content and the Reports only as expressly authorised by us (or our licensors). Any other use of such material and content and the Reports is strictly prohibited.
(b)    You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content or the Reports except as permitted under these Terms or with our prior written consent.
4.3    Communications between us
(a)    When we refer in these Terms to “in writing”, this will include e-mail.
(b)    Any notice given by you to us, or by us to you, under or in connection with these Terms shall be in writing and shall be sent by pre-paid first class post or other next working day delivery service or e-mail. Notices to be sent to us by post should be sent to our registered office at 5 Beresford Gate, South Way, Andover SP10 5BN, United Kingdom for the attention of Mr Jonathan Ward.
(c)    A notice shall be deemed to have been received: if sent by pre-paid first class post or other next working day delivery service, at 9.00am on the second working day after posting or if sent by e-mail, one working day after transmission.
(d)    In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.
(e)    The provisions of this clause shall not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action.
4.4    Transfer of Rights
You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms to another person if we agree in writing.
4.5    Third Party Rights
The Contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
4.6    Severance
Each of the clauses of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining clauses will remain in full force and effect.
4.7    Entire Agreement
These Terms, our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersedes and extinguishes all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between us, whether written or oral, relating to their subject matter. You acknowledge that in accepting these Terms you do not rely on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in these Terms. You and we agree that neither of us shall have any claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation or negligent misstatement based on any statement in these Terms.
4.8    Waiver
No waiver by us of any of our rights against you will mean that you do not have to comply with your obligations under these Terms.
4.9    Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)    These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
(b)    We both irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
Privacy Policy
Secura Monde International Limited (“we“) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (“the Act”).
This Privacy Policy (together with our Website Terms and Conditions and our Cookie Policy) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our website, securamonde.com (or any subsequent URL which may replace it) (“our Website”), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The data controller is Secura Monde International Limited of 5 Beresford Gate, South Way, Andover SP10 5BN, United Kingdom. Our Website is run on a WordPress.org content management system and is hosted by Dreamhost (owned by New Dream Network, LLC).
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our Website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide to us, for example, when you register to use our Website, subscribe to use one of our services such as to receive email updates, place an order on our Website, when you report a problem with our Website or use our general online form on our Website. The information you give us may include a username, your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our Website we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
log files which contain information about your visit, including the full URL clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number. Log files do not contain any personal information or information about which other sites you have visited.
Information we receive from other sources. We sometimes work with third parties (including, without limitation our technical suppliers and Google Analytics) and we may receive information about you from them.
COOKIES
See our Cookie Policy for information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to notify you about changes to our services;
to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not share your information with any third parties except:
to analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Website;
if you contact us asking for information and we need to contact others to obtain that information. We will let you know if this is the case and we may pass your query on to the relevant organisation that can deal with it. If your question is technical, we may need to pass it to our technology suppliers. We will not pass on any of your personal information when dealing with your enquiry, unless you have given us permission to do so.
We will not share your personal information with any third parties except:
if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation including under the Act or the Freedom of Information Act 2000;
to enforce or apply our Website Terms and Conditions; or
to protect our rights, property or safety or of our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Our Website uses PayPal but no personal payment information such as debit or credit or card details, will be stored by us.
All information you provide to us is stored within the WordPress.org online content management system whose privacy policy is available at https://wordpress.org/about/privacy/.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites.  We may embed content from these websites on our Website, including without limitation, YouTube videos, media hosted by Issuu.com, and social media links and feeds with websites such as Twitter and LinkedIn. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. We will not disclose your personal information to any of these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
CHANGES
You may ask us to remove your personal information at any time or if you no longer consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Please contact us by using our general online Contact form or by contacting us at 5 Beresford Gate, South Way, Andover SP10 5BN, United Kingdom or SMI@securamonde.com.
Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check frequently to see any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any comments, requests or queries regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us using our general online Contact form.
Cookie Policy
Like most websites, our website, securamonde.com (or any subsequent URL which may replace it) (“our Website”), uses ‘cookies’ which are small text files that are placed on your computer that store certain limited information about you. The information is transferred by our Website to the cookie file of the browser on the hard drive of your computer or device.
IF YOU WANT TO REJECT COOKIES
You can alter your browser settings if you want to reject cookies. It is best to visit your web browser’s ‘Help’ menu for instructions on how to do this. However, please note that if you do this, it might impair some of the functionality of our Website.
HOW OUR WEBSITE USES COOKIES
Secura Monde International Limited of 5 Beresford Gate, South Way, Andover SP10 5BN, United Kingdom (“we“) use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our Website, which involves the use of cookies. These cookies do not enable us to identify individual visitors and all information these cookies collect is aggregated. The information will only be used for website analytics purposes.
Google will store this information and if you want more details about this, see Google’s privacy policy.
Details about the specific cookies we use are set out below:
Cookie: Google Analytics
Name: _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
Purpose: These cookies allow us to measure the number of visitors to our Website, to see how visitors navigate our Website and to see which resources they access. This helps us to develop new content and to improve the way our Website works.
More information: Go to Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
By using our Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. To prevent Google Analytics cookies being set, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.
SOCIAL MEDIA WEBSITE
When you use the social media website links on our Website such as LinkedIn, Twitter, Vimeo and YouTube, those websites also set a variety of cookies. They record information when links are shared or the number of times a video has been played, for example. You should check with the social media provider website’s privacy terms, cookies policy and your own privacy settings with them. For more information, please the cookie policies for the below companies:
LinkedIn
Twitter
Vimeo
YouTube
OTHER THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
If you link through to other third party websites from our Website, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies and are not responsible for them. You should check the third party website for information about how these cookies work and how to manage them.
CHANGES
Any changes we may make to this Cookies Policy in the future will be posted on this page.
MORE INFORMATION
For more and general information about cookies, please go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
CONTACT US
If you have any queries regarding this Cookies Policy, please contact us using our general online Contact form.
QUALITY POLICY STATEMENT
Secura Monde International Limited gained ISO 9001:2015 certification in July 2018, having previously gained ISO 9001:2008 certification in 2015.
Quality Policy 9001:2015
Industry News Categories Banknotes(387)
Cashless Payments(63)
Coin(48)
Currency(75)
SMI(3)
Technology(77)
EventsNo events View All
Go to Top