http://www.agtechinc.com/privacy-policy
Closed Dec. 24 & 25 for Christmas
HomePrivacy Policy
By using or accessing the Agtech website agtechinc.com, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. Your use of the website indicates you have read and accepted our privacy policy. Agtech reserves the right to update this policy by uploading the new policy directly to the website.
Our company is located and our website is hosted in the United States of America and therefore subject to U.S. state and federal law. Any questions about our policy or use of your data may be submitted to Agtech.
This website is not directed to children and therefore does not attempt to collect any personal information from those under the age of 13.
Collection and use of personal information
Any information you provide voluntarily to Agtech including registrations, surveys, download requests, or contact forms on the Agtech website will be used only in ways you have authorized, such as sending email newsletters. From time to time, we may ask for information that may include your name, e-mail addresses, company name, and phone number. This personally identifiable information is kept confidential. As we value your privacy, we will never give, lease, sell, or otherwise share the information you have given us on our site.
Agtech does link to other websites not controlled by Agtech. Unfortunately, Agtech has no control over how these websites protect your privacy or use information you provide once you leave agtechinc.com. Please visit their individual privacy policies to discover how other websites use your information.
Collection and use of browser information and cookies
Our website uses a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect, monitor and analyze information your browser sends whenever you visit pages on our site in order to improve the Agtech website and enhance your user experience. Google Analytics places a cookie on your device to accomplish this. This data may include browser type, your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the pages of our site that you visit, when you visit, the page you visited right before accessing our site, time spent on Agtech pages, and other statistics. Google Analytics does not collect any personal identifiers such as name or address. From time to time, we may use non-personally-identifying information collected to report, in aggregate, trends and usage of the site.
A more detailed explanation of how Google uses data from your browser can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
You may opt out of providing browsing information to Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Remarketing
Agtech may use remarketing services such as Google AdWords and Facebook's retargeting platform to advertise on third-party websites. These ads may be based on the specific pages of the Agtech website you visit or whether or not you completed a particular task on our site, for example, submitting a contact form.
Third-party vendors, including Google AdWords and Facebook, use cookies placed on your device to serve relevant and useful ads to you on other websites. These cookies do not in any way identify you or give access to your mobile device or computer.
If you wish to opt-out of remarketing, you may visit the links below:
Opt out of Google remarketing
Opt out of Facebook remarketing
Opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Testimonials
I prefer Agtech because I can get just about all the supplies I need from one place at a reasonable price. And the results we've been getting using Agtech's products have consistently been...
Jeff Eichhorn, JEM Cattle Company
The class exceeded expectations. With the limited experience I had before the class I didn't expect to cover so much ground in 2 days. I feel like I can accomplish the goals I set for...
Anthony Saylor
Read More
Contact Us
Email: info@agtechinc.com
Toll Free: 1-800-367-4016
Call: 1-785-776-3863
Agtech, Inc.
8801 Anderson Avenue
Manhattan, KS, 66503, USA
News & Updates via Email
Stay Connected
Agtech Partners