http://www.humboldtmfg.com/terms.php
Have a question? Use Ask Humboldt >
or call Sales at 1.800.544.7220
Home > Terms & Conditions of Sale
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Products
All illustrations and specifications found on the Humboldt website, catalog, brochures or any other printed matter are based on the latest information available at the time of the publication of that document. Due to our policy of continuous development of products and changes from vendors, we reserve the right to change, modify, improve, and delete models and components without notice.
Pricing
Prices appearing on our website are U.S. List Prices exclusively. Orders for shipment outside the United States will not be accepted. Click Here for International sales and local dealers.
Shipping
Our goal in shipping is to provide our customers with their purchases quickly and cost effectively. To this end we try to offer several choices in shipping so our customers can decide how fast they need items vs. the costs involved to ship them.
Items Shippable by UPS
For all UPS-shippable items, our website will calculate the shipping costs at the time of your order corresponding to the shipping method you choose. These shipping costs are based on the parameters you choose in the shipping calculator, i.e. ground, overnight, 2-day, etc. or if the items are being shipped to a residential address.
Please take note that some items, typically large items that don't weigh much or small items that weigh a lot, may cost more than we might think, so please take note.
Orders placed on Friday involving Overnight or Next Day shipping, will not be delivered on Saturdays. If you need Saturday delivery or concerned about expedited delivery, please call.
Truck Shipments
Items requiring shipment by truck cannot currently be calculated in real time on our website. If you order an item that is clearly marked as a Truck Item, you will be able to checkout, but we will not charge your credit card. Our sales department will determine the shipping costs and contact you via email. Once we have an agreement from you for the shipping costs, the order and credit card information will be processed. Truck shipping costs will normally be provided within a couple of hours.
Truck shipments to a building without a lift gate will incur a $150.00 Lift Gate Charge. This is a standard pass-along charge from all shipping companies.
Order Processing
We strive to ship all orders within 3-4 days of receiving them.
Tax
Tax is charged on all orders shipped to Illinois or North Carolina. Tax-exempt customers in these states need to have a tax exempt certificate on file with us to avoid being charged tax.
Out of Stock Items
While we strive to maintain an inventory second to none in our industry, there are times when something may be out of stock. In those cases, someone from Humboldt's sales department will contact you via email with the status of your order.
Guarantee
Humboldt Mfg. Co. products are guaranteed against defective materials and workmanship for a period of 12 months from the date of shipment. We will repair or replace such items as may prove defective at our option. Under no condition will we allow labor charges or other expenses to repair defective merchandise without our prior approval.
Humboldt Mfg. Co. makes or implies no other warranties of any kind or nature of merchantability or fitness for particular purposes that exceed any previously stated obligation.
We accept no responsibility for damage or abuse to apparatus due to improper installation or operation. We accept no responsibility for and will not pay for any lost profits incidental, consequential, or special damages.
Returned Goods
It is the Customer's responsibility to inspect all shipments for visual damage upon receipt.
Items may not be returned to Humboldt Mfg. Co. without a Return Goods Authorization (RGA) number which can be obtained by contacting the Sales Department. No item is returnable after 30 days from shipping to customer. All returns are subject to a restocking charge of 20% of selling price ($20.00 minimum). Any use and/or damage by customer, or due to customer’s improper repacking, is subject to further charges as necessary to place item(s) in a resalable condition. Items returned must be sent prepaid, no C.O.D. returns can be accepted.
Claims
All claims for shortage, breakage or other discrepancies should be filed with the carrier immediately upon receipt of the shipment.
Disclaimer ofResponsibility Safe useof Equipment
Use of instruments, apparatus, and equipment described on this website may involve hazardous procedures and/or materials. Use may also be subject to regulatory limitations. Information on this website is not intended to address the many safety, legal, and regulatory issues associated with use. It is the responsibility of the user to:
Follow appropriate methods to insure that industry standards are met for all safety and health issues resulting from use.
Determine applicability of all regulatory limitations prior to use.
Be familiar with all applicable test standards and test procedures.
Comply with all applicable Federal, State and Local laws and regulations relating to the use of such goods. Neither Humboldt Mfg. Co. nor other manufacturers of equipment sold by Humboldt Mfg. Co. can assume any liability express or implied for user’s failure to follow Industry standards for safety and health, or to comply with applicable regulatory limitations, standards, and procedures.
We have updated our
privacy policy.
Click to view
Added to Shopping Cart
Cart Subtotal (1 ):
View Cart
Checkout
Discover Additional Items