https://www.gracesoft.com/terms
License agreement
Warranty
Service and support
Privacy Policy
EASYINNKEEPING LICENSE AGREEMENT
Non-use and Non-disclosure.
The web-based SOFTWARE is Confidential. Each party agrees not to use any Confidential Information of the other party for any purpose except to evaluate and engage in Software evaluation. Each party agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to third parties or to such party's employees, except to those employees of the receiving party who are required to have the information in order to evaluate the Software. Neither party shall reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any prototypes, software or other tangible objects which embody the other party's Confidential Information and which are provided to the party hereunder.
USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Easy InnKeeping ASP terms and conditions
You agree that your use of the Easy InnKeeping systems, software and services is expressly conditioned on your agreement to the terms and conditions stated below. WHICH INCLUDE A LICENSE, A LIMITED WARRANTY, AND DISCLAIMER (collectively, the “Agreement”). THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES THE COMPLETE AND ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND GRACE SOFTWARE, INC. WITH RESPECT TO THIS PRODUCT. Your usage signifies your assent to all of these terms and conditions.
License
In consideration for the fee paid by you for this software product Easy InnKeeping ASP, as licensor, grants to you, as licensee, a nontransferable and nonexclusive right to use this product in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Grace Software, Inc. retains title and ownership of the software program Easy InnKeeping ASP and reserves all rights not expressly granted to you hereunder.
Subscription - The Software is licensed on a monthly or yearly subscription basis, as selected by Licensee or its agent.
Ownerships of Data and Marks - Easy InnKeeping ASP is a trademark and/or service mark of Grace Software, Inc. All information and data ("Data"), and all trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on our sites are the exclusive property of the registered owners. Therefore, you agree that you will not reproduce, sell, transfer, modify, redistribute, retransmit, publish and/or commercially exploit the Data or Marks without the express written permission of the entity that owns the Data or Marks. Your access or use of the site does not grant, expressly or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Data or Marks. Copyright in this document is owned by Grace Software, Inc.
Easy InnKeeping ASP software and the instructional materials included in this product are copyrighted. Unauthorized copying of the Easy InnKeeping ASP software and/or the instructional materials is prohibited, and you may be held legally responsible for any copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by your failure to abide by the terms and conditions of the Agreement.
Use of System and Software Applications - The Easy InnKeeping ASP systems and software applications may only be used for for its intended purpose and Customer’s business use and no other purpose. You understand that unauthorized use, the Data or the Marks may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws. You may not post or transmit any (a) libelous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic, threatening, discriminatory or profane material or (b) material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a violation of any law or give rise to civil liability.
Easy InnKeeping ASP grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Easy InnKeeping ASP for use in accessing the service.
Responsibility - You agree that you are responsible for all uses of the systems and applications by you or those using your unique ID and password to access the systems and applications. You will be responsible for any damages caused by your improper or unauthorized use of the system or applications.
Data Security - Security offered on this site is based on a technology called Secure Socket Layer ("SSL"), which codifies communications between your computer and Easy InnKeeping ASP systems.
Any updates to this product that Grace Software, Inc. may provide to you from time to time, whether with or without a separate charge, are deemed as licensed to you under the Agreement.
Liability - Easy InnKeeping ASP makes a genuine attempt to ensure the accuracy and quality of the content contained herein; however, Easy InnKeeping ASP makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the quality, reliability, accuracy or freedom from error of their websites or the information contained herein. All Information in this site is subject to change without notice. Easy InnKeeping ASP will not be liable for any incidental or consequential damages resulting from any changes, or from the furnishing, performance or use of this site.
Client Conduct - You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not Easy InnKeeping ASP, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post or otherwise transmit via our services. Easy InnKeeping ASP does not control the Content posted via the service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You agree that you will not use Easy InnKeeping ASP systems, applications or services to: upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
Special Admonitions For International Use - Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
GraceSoft Head office
3211 South Main StreetStafford, Texas 77477United States
Contact us
1-713-981-5300
1-888-781-1086
1-713-588-1805
sales@gracesoft.com
Our Products
Hotel Management Software
B & B Software
Condo Software
Website Booking Software
Point of Sale Software
CRM Software
Resources
Live Support
PMS Login
GraceSoft Blog
Locations
GraceSoft USA Corporate Headquarters
GraceSoft India
GraceSoft Canada
GraceSoft Nigeria
Sign up with your email address to receive news
and updates.
Submit
© 2020 Grace Software ,Inc.
Privacy | Terms & Conditions
Certifications
chat with us