https://www.salesleads.tv/california-consumer-privacy-act-what-you-should-know/
Recent Posts
Accredited Investor
Private Placement
Real Estate Investors List
Lead Broker
Investor List
4 Steps to Close More Sales
Step 4: Close More Sales by Purchasing Sales Leads
Step 3 To Close More Sales: Know What Your Product & What Your Audience Cares About
Step 2: How to Create a Sales Pitch and Test It
Step 1: Close More Sales by Refining Your Target Audience
John Fisher’s 30 Year Journey with SalesLeads.TV
California Consumer Privacy Act: What You Should Know
Can You Find Coin Buyer Leads Online?
Do Coin Buyers Have to Be Accredited Investors?
How to Make the Most of Your Coin Buyer Leads
How to Turn Coin Buyer Leads Into Sales
Where Can I Find Coin Buyer Leads?
Who Is the Typical Coin Buyer?
Why Are Coin Buyers Putting Money Into Coins Instead of Stocks?
Accredited Investor Leads Versus Sales Leads
John Fisher's 30 Year Journey with SalesLeads.TV
Can You Find Coin Buyer Leads Online?
By Ashley Persaud /
January 29, 2020 Compliance,
Blog 897 Views
California’s new Consumer Privacy Act officially took effect on January 1st, 2020. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a newly implemented statewide law that guarantees new privacy rights for the consumers of California. Many companies within the state and out of state have been scurrying to fall in compliance so that they can still manage to do business in one of the most populated states.
What Does This Mean?
California residents now have the ability to ask businesses that operate in the State of California to see any kind of personal details that they may have of them. Consumers now have the right to know the following about what personal information is being:
CollectedUsedSoldShared
The consumer then has the right to delete any personal information that any business or extension may have of them. The consumer also has the right to opt-out of any sale of personal information. Therefore a consumer can order a business that sells their personal info to stop selling that information.
If a child under 16 would like to opt-in then they
must provide consent. If a child under 13 would like to opt-in, then they would
need a parent or guardian’s consent to do so.
The CPCA also gives consumers the right to see
assumptions that have been made about them.
This includes predictions of a consumer’s attitudes, intelligence,
psychology, or behavior.
For obvious security reasons, companies have the
right to ask for a copy of the consumer’s identification before they carry out
any form of data request. Businesses must recognize any data access request
within 10 days, but they have at least 45 days to deliver the information to
the consumer.
Businesses are NOT allowed to retaliate by raising
prices of services if a consumer makes the choice of denying that business the
right of selling their personal data. On the other hand, businesses ARE allowed
to offer their consumers certain “incentives” for being allowed to
sell the data they have collected.
Who Must Comply with the CCPA?
The CCPA is targeted towards for-profit businesses
that collect the personal information of California residents, does business in
California and meets one of these requirements:
Have annual gross revenues exceeding $25
million Receives or discloses personal
information of 50,000 or more CA residents, devices or households annuallyReceive 50 percent or more of their
annual revenue from selling the personal information of California residents
The CCPA excludes small companies that do not meet any of the above criteria, as well as non-profit organizations and public agencies.  Any information that is gathered where commercial conduct takes place completely outside of the state of California is also exempt.
Grace Period
Although the law is now in effect, there is a grace
period of six months following the implementation of the California Consumer
Privacy Act. This is normal as it is a transition time for many companies. But
when June rolls around offenses will be determined with fines. These fines
could be thousands of dollars per violation, so be wary.
Acclimating to the new CCPA laws will be difficult,
but they are not impossible. If you haven’t begun getting into compliance, you
should get to work!
How Will This Affect SalesLeads.TV?
Sales Leads TV has been in business for over 30
years and we have seen stuff like this in the past. We do not sell leads from
Pennsylvania, Montana, South Dakota, North Dakota, Hawaii and now California.
The reason that we do not sell leads in these states is that we feel that they are over-regulated and in many cases, you are guilty till proven innocent. We call them unfriendly states or no call states. For any further questions on the California Consumer Privacy Act, please contact us at 561-981-8777
.
Related Posts
Investment Salesleads
May 24, 2017
SEC Lifts 80 Year Ban on Private Offerings
July 12, 2013
What Is an Accredited Investor And Why Should I Care?
May 29, 2019
Where Can I Find Precious Metal Sales Leads?
May 29, 2019
Lead Lists
November 20, 2018
Why Are Coin Buyers Putting Money Into Coins Instead of Stocks?
July 30, 2019
Name *FirstLastPhone Number *E-mailComment or MessageSubmit
HOW TO PICK A LIST BROKER
Check out the Leads We Don't Sell
Big Dog Counts
| DO NOT CALL |
240,485,012 PEOPLE ON
the National DNC as of Mar. 1st, 2020
Websites Owned By Salesleads.tv
accreditedinvestorleads.com
Accreditedinvestors.net
Coinleads.com
Bigdogs.tv
Accreditedinvestorleads.tv