http://www.usa.canon.com/internet/portal/us/home/about/legal/privacy-statement/
skip to main content
PRODUCTS
PRODUCTS HOME
CAMERAS AND CAMCORDERS
PROFESSIONAL VIDEO SOLUTIONS
LENSES, FLASHES & BINOCULARS
OFFICE SOLUTIONS
PERSONAL and HOME OFFICE SOLUTIONS
PROFESSIONAL & LARGE FORMAT PRINTERS
PRODUCTION PRINTING
NETWORK VIDEO SOLUTIONS
PROJECTORS and REFERENCE DISPLAYS
SECURITY SOLUTIONS
HEALTHCARE TECHNOLOGIES
INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS
SUPPLIES and ACCESSORIES
PROMOTIONS
LEARN
LEARN HOME
LEARN IN PERSON
LEARN ONLINE
SUPPORT
SUPPORT HOME
SOFTWARE & DRIVERS
MANUALS
SERVICE & REPAIR
ABOUT SUPPORT
CANON PROFESSIONAL SERVICES (CPS)
ABOUT
ABOUT HOME
ABOUT CANON
AWARDS
RESEARCH and DEVELOPMENT
CAREERS
NEWSROOM
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
ENVIRONMENT & SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVES
INNOVATION
CONTACT US
LEGAL
Contact Canon
Contact Support
Email Support
Drivers & Downloads
Product Registration
Contact Us
Z6_MQH8HIC0LOEBC0AEJN3H7A1OM1
{}
Z7_MQH8HIC0L84N80AU4R316U2O23
PRIVACY STATEMENTLast updated: January 1, 2020
Contents:
1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3. HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
4. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
5. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS, CHOICE AND ACCESS
6. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
7. THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND INTEREST-BASED MARKETING
8. USER GENERATED CONTENT
9. SECURITY
10. TRANSFER TO OTHER COUNTRIES
11. RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
12. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CANON DEVICES AND CLOUD SOLUTIONS AND SERVICES
13. HOW TO CONTACT US
As a member of the Canon family of companies (“Canon”), Canon U.S.A., Inc. ("Canon U.S.A.," “we,” “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement describes the information we collect from you, either online through this website or any of the products, services, solutions, software, websites, subsites, interactive features, forms, mobile and social media pages offered, owned, or operated by Canon U.S.A., or Canon, or your interaction with Canon U.S.A.’s agents, contractors or employees or subsites (collectively “Services”), whether accessed online via computer, tablet, mobile device or any other technology or device now known or hereafter developed, or offline, and how that information will be used. The Services are intended for use by individuals residing and located in the United States.This Privacy Statement applies to Canon U.S.A. and any Services that link to this Privacy Statement.Please read this Privacy Statement carefully, because by using the Services, you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement, and consent to the manner in which we may collect, use and disclose the foregoing information. In addition, please review our Terms of Use which govern your use of the Services and any content you submit or purchases you make via the Services. While this Privacy Statement is intended to generally describe our privacy practices, our goal is to also provide more detailed information at times when it is most meaningful to you. Please look for this information within the Services.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS, CHOICE AND ACCESS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND INTEREST-BASED MARKETING
USER GENERATED CONTENT
SECURITY
TRANSFER TO OTHER COUNTRIES
RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CANON DEVICES AND CLOUD SOLUTIONS AND SERVICES
HOW TO CONTACT US
1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We and our service providers may collect information when you provide information to us and when information is collected automatically from your interaction with the Services.Personal InformationYou may choose to give us personal information online to allow us to communicate with you, process your orders, or provide you with Services. Our online forms ask for a small amount of relevant information, such as name, company name, email address, postal address, and telephone number. Some forms may ask for a product serial number. If you make a purchase or order a repair, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information. Individuals who apply for jobs offered by Canon U.S.A. or a Canon U.S.A. affiliate may be requested to provide information that includes, but is not limited to, educational background, employment experience, and job interest.The types of personal information Canon U.S.A. may collect from you may include:
Personal and business contact information, such as name, postal address, phone number, and email address;
Your friends’ contact information, including email or shipping address, which you may provide to us when you email a link to a product description or your wish list, or when you share our newsletter or deliver our products to a friend;
Financial information, such as your credit/debit card number or other billing information;
Other unique information such as user IDs and passwords, product functionality, product and service preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data;
Geolocation data such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, physical location, and other similar location information collected when you interact with the Services or request location based services;
Details of the products and services you have purchased from us or which you have inquired about, together with any additional information necessary to deliver those products and services and to respond to your inquiries;
Any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our websites or applications or indirectly through use of our websites, applications or online presence, through our representatives or otherwise; and
Information you provide to us through our service center, customer surveys or visits by our representatives from time to time.
Usage InformationIn addition to the information you may provide, Canon U.S.A. may collect information when you access or use the Services or a website “powered by” another company on behalf of Canon U.S.A. through our use of data collection technologies, including web beacons, Cookies (as defined in the following paragraph), and embedded web links. These technologies collect certain traffic information that your browser sends to a website, such as your browser type and language, browser history, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived. They may also collect information about your IP address, unique device identifier, geolocation information, clickstream behavior (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with Canon U.S.A. websites or “powered by” websites) and product information. Canon U.S.A. may also use some of these technologies in connection with emails and communications sent from Canon U.S.A. and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email.Below is some additional detail on how we use Cookies and other technologies:Cookies. Cookies are data files placed on a device when you use it to visit any of the Services (“Cookies”). We may use Cookies: (i) to collect and store certain information about you, (ii) for security purposes, (iii) to store your preferences and settings, (iv) to enable your sign-in, (v) to provide personalized product suggestions, (vi) to maintain and improve our website, (vii) to generate analytics regarding the performance of the Services, (viii) to facilitate site navigation, and (ix) to personalize your experience while using the Services. Cookies can remain in your computer for the duration of a browsing session or for a predetermined period of time. Cookies that remain in your computer for the duration of a browsing session are called "session" cookies. Cookies that remain in your computer for a predetermined period of time are called "persistent" cookies. We may use persistent cookies to show you recently-viewed products, provide you with product or service recommendations, or otherwise provide you with a customized experience.If you would prefer not to accept Cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a Cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing Cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject any Cookies.Please be aware that if you disable or reject Cookies, some features and services offered or present on the Services may be slower or may not work or display properly.Other Technologies. We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons (also called clear GIFs or pixel tags) and other similar technologies, to track your use of our Services. We also may include web beacons in email messages, newsletters and advertisements to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the Services we offer and measure the overall effectiveness of our online content and the products and services we offer through the Services.Analytics Services. We use web analytics tools such as Google Analytics to assist us in understanding how people use the Services and related marketing and promotions. To manage your preferences with respect to Google Analytics click here. You can opt out of data collection or use by Google Analytics by clicking the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout (requires you to install a browser add-on).Collection by Other Companies. We may allow other companies, including our authorized service providers, advertising agencies and marketing partners to use tracking technologies, such as Cookies and web beacons, to collect information about your visits to this and other websites on the Services. This information generally enables them to track and gauge the effectiveness of our Services and of various marketing campaigns and to serve ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you when you visit other websites across the Internet.Use of Public Information. Canon U.S.A. also collects information from publicly or commercially available sources that it deems credible. Such information may include your name, address, email address, preferences, company name, title, specific devices that are financed or leased (Uniform Commercial Code), interests, and firmographic or demographic/profile data. The information Canon U.S.A. collects from its public or commercial sources may be used along with the information Canon U.S.A. collects when you access or use the Services. For example, Canon U.S.A. may compare the geographic information acquired from publicly available sources with the IP address collected by the technologies discussed above to derive your general geographic area.
2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may store, analyze, combine, and otherwise use the information we collect, either directly or indirectly, to:
Improve the Services and the way we do business with our current and potential employees, customers, dealers distributors and resellers;
Respond to your questions and requests;
Communicate with you about your transactions on the Services;
Deliver the products and Services you have requested;
Manage your Canon Account and provide you with customer support;
Provide you with information about Canon, its Services, products and promotions, jobs, or any other offers that may be of interest to you, unless you opt out or request not to receive this information;
Perform research and analysis about usage and potential interest in our products, services, or content;
Develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on the Services;
Help us improve the overall accuracy and completeness of the information;
Allow us to deliver personalized and responsive Services, which can take actions based on the data you provide;
Enforce compliance with this Privacy Statement, the Terms of Use, and applicable law, including to protect the rights, property or safety of Canon, Canon U.S.A., its dealers, distributors and resellers or any other person and the copyright-protected content of the Services;
Support the technical functionality of the Services, develop new products and services, and analyze your use of the Services, including your interaction with advertising, products and services that are made available, linked to or offered in the Services; and
As otherwise stated in this Privacy Statement.
Financial Information. We may use financial information or payment method information to process payment for any purchases or sales made through the Services, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.
3. HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
AffiliatesWe are part of the Canon family of companies and may share your information with our affiliates which may be located outside of the country you reside and are located in, including, but not limited to, our parent company Canon Inc., located in Japan. When you provide information via the Services, for example to apply for a job, we will also share your information with our affiliates to enable them to inform you of jobs, products, promotions, or other offers that may be of interest to you.Service ProvidersCanon U.S.A. retains service providers and suppliers to manage or support its business operations, provide professional services, deliver products, services and customer solutions and to assist with marketing and communication initiatives. These providers include, for example, hosting and IT service providers, website management and support service providers, email service providers, automated data processors, credit card processors, debt collectors, shipping agents, and providers of marketing, communications, order fulfillment, delivery, customer support, live-help, talent acquisition and employment management services. We may share your information with these companies to enable them to provide you with services on our behalf, and for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may share website usage and marketing information with our marketing partners.In addition, if you inquire about products, services, software or other goods that Canon U.S.A. does not sell directly, we may forward your information to a Canon U.S.A. dealer, distributor or other reseller, and they may reach out to you about your needs. In any event, we expect our service providers to use your information only to perform the service for which they are engaged, while also complying with all applicable laws, and pursuant to our instructions. You expressly consent to your information being used as set forth in this Section.From time to time, Canon U.S.A. participates in initiatives, which include websites "powered by" another company on behalf of Canon U.S.A. As part of these initiatives, certain Canon U.S.A. services and communications may be delivered at the same time as those from other companies. Some of these services and communications offer you the option to share personal information with both Canon U.S.A. and the other companies participating in these initiatives. For example, you may receive communications from Canon U.S.A. and other companies or have the opportunity to register online for software products from multiple companies. You can always choose to opt out of receiving communications from those other companies.  If you choose to provide personal information to the other companies with different privacy policies and practices, that personal information will be handled according to the respective privacy statements and policies of those companies, which may differ from Canon U.S.A.’s policies and practices.Legal ProceedingsWe may also share your personal information:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law; (In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.)
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our website Terms of Use or other agreements or policies; and
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
4. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Canon U.S.A. does not target its online services to children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child age 13-17 and you allow your child to register for any online services that Canon U.S.A. makes available to that age group, or register your child yourself, you agree that you have read, understand, and accept this Privacy Statement on your child’s behalf.
5. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS, CHOICE AND ACCESS
You have the right to request us to:
Not send you marketing or promotional emails or other communications;
Correct or update your personal information; and
Not contact you in the future.
If you are a minor and have registered for an account on one of our websites, you have the right to request that we remove any content or information you posted on that website, so that it is no longer visible to the public. If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Canon U.S.A., or if you wish to make any of the above requests, please:
Click unsubscribe in the email that you receive from us;
Call 1-800-385-2155 with your request;
Click here to submit your request, or
Log into your Canon Account and change your preferences or update your information.
Please note that we may send you other types of transactional and relationship email communications, such as service announcements and administrative notices without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Additionally, if you are a business customer, the Business Information Communications Group of Canon U.S.A. may communicate with you from time to time about certain office solutions that may be of interest to you.We are under no obligation to store your personal information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personal information.
6. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
In addition to the rights set forth in Section 5 above, if
you are a California resident, you have the right, under the California
Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), to:Know
the purpose for which your personal information is being collected and used;Access,
request and receive specific pieces of personal information that we have
collected about you;Opt-out
of or object to having your personal information sold to third parties; andNot
be discriminated against by us for exercising any of these rights.If you make a request to opt-out of sale, note that if you would like to opt-out of cookie-based tracking for advertising purposes, you will also need to consult the user instructions for your internet browser relating to the management of cookies. Choices you make regarding cookies are website, device, and browser specific, and are deleted whenever you clear your browser’s cache.You can also request us
to delete your personal information; however, please be aware that we may need
to retain some of your information in order to maintain our records, comply
with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.  It
may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your
information from our databases without some residual data remaining because of
backups and other reasons.To submit your CCPA request, click here.Additionally, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 gives California
residents the right to request, from a business with whom the California
resident has an established business relationship, certain information with
respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third
parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party, and the identities
of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during
the immediately preceding year. To request a copy of the information disclosure
provided by Canon U.S.A., Inc. pursuant to California Civil Code Section
1798.83, please contact us at the address listed below.
7. THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND INTEREST-BASED MARKETING
Links. There are a number of places on the Services where you may click on a link to access other platforms or websites that do not operate under this Privacy Statement. For example, if you click on an advertisement or a third-party logo on the Services, you may be taken to a website that we do not control. These third-party platforms or websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these platforms and websites and cannot guarantee the security of any user data collected there. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party platforms and websites you visit by clicking on the "privacy" link typically located at the bottom of the web page you are visiting.Interest-Based Marketing. We contract with advertising agencies, marketing partners and other service providers to serve advertisements when you visit our website or other websites across the Internet. The advertisements placed on these websites may use tracking technologies, such as Cookies and web beacons, to collect information about your visits to this and other websites. We may also share information with these companies (including in aggregate form) and/or partner with these companies to provide interest-based advertising both on and off websites operated by Canon U.S.A. In either case, the purpose of the sharing is to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, to analyze and improve the effectiveness of ads and emails, and to improve and enhance our website and its content.Do Not Track.
The Canon U.S.A. website is not currently
configured to recognize “do not track” signals sent as a header by Internet
browsers. However, other settings within your browser may permit you to block
Cookies or other technology that enable websites to collect information that
can be used to tailor advertisements to your interest. Please check your
browser’s settings or consult your browser’s help information for more details.
To learn more about browser tracking signals and Do Not Track
please visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
8. USER GENERATED CONTENT
We may provide areas on the Services where you
can, for example, post product reviews or reviews about our website, ask or
answer a question, communicate with others, and upload content (e.g., pictures, videos, audio files).
Such postings, which may be administered by our service providers, are governed
by our general Terms of Use and may also be subject to more specific
terms that are integrated into that area of the Services. Service providers
administering the postings may use tracking technology, such as Cookies, to
collect information, and geolocation data, about your posting. Additionally,
such postings may appear on other websites when searches are executed on the
subject of your posting. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal
information on publicly-viewable web pages, that information can be collected
and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may
receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what
other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage
you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal
information.
The Services may also include features that
involve a shared platform with third-party services while you are on our
websites. For example, we may allow you to sign in to your account on a social
networking service to share your favorite Canon products or other information
about Canon with friends on that service. If we offer or accommodate this kind
of shared-platform or similar service, the company through which the service is
provided, and with whom your information may be shared, will be identified by a
recognizable icon. If you choose to use the service, information collected from
you while you use our website may be transmitted to the company that operates
the service. Additionally, once that information is shared with that company,
its use of information about you will be subject to that company's privacy
policy. Finally, your activity on any social networking service pages that, for
example, refer to Canon U.S.A., include the Canon logo, or involve a Canon
promotion, is guided by the general terms of the service operator or any
specific terms for that promotion. You therefore should consult that company's
privacy policy to understand how your information may be used and shared by that
company.
9. SECURITY
When you submit information to Canon U.S.A. through the Services, you should be aware that your information is transmitted across multiple computer systems on the Internet. Although we take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect your information, no method of transmitting or storing electronic data on the Internet is ever completely secure, and we do not guarantee the security of such information at any time.
10. TRANSFER TO OTHER COUNTRIES
While Canon U.S.A. is a U.S. company, we may collect and you may provide us with information wherever you are located. The Canon U.S.A. servers that process the data you provide us are located in the United States, Japan and other jurisdictions. By using the Services, or providing us with any information, you understand that the collection, processing, maintenance, transfer and storage of such information will occur in the United States, Japan and other countries where the privacy laws may be different from those in the country where you reside or are located, and waive any claims relating to the collection, processing, maintenance, transfer or storage of data outside of such country.
11. RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Canon U.S.A. reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time at its sole discretion. If we modify the Privacy Statement, we will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date. Changes will be effective immediately (except for material changes) upon the posting of the revised Privacy Statement on the Services.  In the event we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you through the Services prior to the changes taking effect. Please note that if you do not agree to the modified Privacy Statement, you may not use the Services. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of the changes or any applicable notice period will mean that you accept those changes.
12. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CANON DEVICES AND CLOUD SOLUTIONS AND SERVICES
In addition to the collection and usage practices described in this Privacy Statement, this information applies to the software and services associated with certain Canon devices and certain cloud solutions and services offered by Canon. Canon U.S.A. collects and uses device information and in some instances registered user-specific information in the following ways:
Account Set-Up. If you set up an account to receive services we provide through your device or through a cloud solution or service, we may collect information relevant to providing the Service and as you designate. For example:
Device Diagnostics, Analytics and Updates. In order to improve our product and service offerings, your device may include remote diagnostics, analytics, and software update services. Your device collects technical information related to your device (including serial number, unique device identifier, diagnostic information, usage and crash logs, application configurations, consumables status, etc.) as required to help identify and troubleshoot issues, and to provide and improve service.
Location-Based Services. When you use location-based services, we will collect, transmit, maintain, process, and use your location and usage data (including both real time geographic information and information that can be used to approximate location) in order to provide location-based and related services, and to enhance your Canon experience.
You may choose whether or not to provide your personal information to us. If you choose not to do so, you may not be able to take advantage of certain products, services, offers, or options that depend on personal information.
13. HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please call 1-800-385-2155 or mail your inquiry to Canon U.S.A., Inc. - Customer Privacy, One Canon Park, Melville, New York 11747.© 2020 Canon U.S.A., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part without permission is prohibited.
×
Shopping Cart
SUBTOTAL
PROCEED
TO CART
Complementary Content
${title}${badge}
${loading}