https://www.wodongatafe.edu.au/about-us/privacy-copyright
Privacy & Copyright
HomeAbout UsPrivacy & Copyright
Privacy
For more information on the privacy at Wodonga Institute of TAFE, refer to the Institute's 'Privacy Policy' (via the Policies, Procedures & Forms page of this website). Wodonga TAFE complies with Australian Privacy laws. This is how your privacy is protected during your visit:
Collection of information
Indirect: When you access this site your Internet address is automatically collected and placed in our Internet access logs.
Direct: We may use cookies to save and retrieve information about your visit to the site (eg how you entered and what information you accessed).
Our cookies would identify you only by a number. Your email address will only be recorded if you choose to send a message. A login name and password are required to visit secure areas, to ensure information (for example, student results) is only disclosed to the intended person. You should ensure your password is kept securely and can't be discovered by anyone else.
Use of information
We use information obtained on this website to improve and modify the site. If the information is to be used for any other purpose we will tell you at the time we collect the information, and about the intended use. Personal information you supply online will be used to conduct the business of Wodonga TAFE. Such uses may include student administration, provision of services and the dissemination of information. We may distribute aggregated statistical information for reporting purposes. Your IP address is sometimes used to set up individual sessions to provide secure logins. Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it. It will not be added to a mailing list or disclosed to for use on a mailing list without your consent.
Protection of information
We will not disclose personal information about you to outside parties. We do not sell your information to any third party. We will not identify users or their browsing activities except where a law enforcement agency exercises a warrant to inspect the service provider's logs.
External links
Some areas of our site contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
Public forums
Our site may contain chat rooms, forums, online teaching environments, discussion boards and news groups. Information disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should be cautious about disclosing your personal information.
Quality of information
We aim to maintain accurate and up-to-date information regarding staff and students.
Copyright
This website is our copyright property. You are provided with access to it only for your personal and non-commercial use. Other than for the purposes of and subject to the conditions prescribed under the Copyright Act 1968 (Commonwealth of Australia) and similar statutes that apply in your location, you may not, in any form or by any means:
adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, transmit, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of this website; or
commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this website, without our written permission.
The material placed on this website is material in which copyright subsists. In some cases, we own that copyright. In other cases, a third party owns the copyright. You acknowledge and agree that Wodonga Institute of TAFE will not be under any liability to you for any loss or damage including consequential loss or damage however caused, whether by negligence or otherwise, that arises in any way from the use of the downloaded material. You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified WIOT against all claims, actions and demands for breach of copyright that may be brought against Wodonga Institute of TAFE arising out of your use of downloaded material.
Trademark
Except where otherwise specified, any word or device to which is attached the TM or ® symbol is a trademark of Wodonga Institute of TAFE or a third party who has consented to Wodonga Institute of TAFE's use of their trademark on this website. You may not use any trademark of third parties represented on this website. If you use any of our trademarks to refer to our activities, products or services, you must include a statement attributing that trademark to us. You must not use any of trademarks:
in or as the whole or part of your own trademarks
in connection with activities, products or services which are not ours
in a manner which may be confusing, misleading or deceptive
in a manner that disparages us or our information, products or services (including this website).
Linked websites
This website may contain links to linked websites. Those links are provided for convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained. Links to those linked websites should not be construed as any endorsement, approval, recommendation, or preference by us of the owners or operators of the sites, or for any information, products or services referred to on those other websites.
Wodonga Institute of TAFE does not authorise reproduction (whether by way of copying, printing, downloading, uploading or otherwise) of any material contained in the linked sites.
Unauthorised copying of material contained in the linked sites may infringe the copyright in that material. Unless stated otherwise on this website, we have: (a) no relationship with the owners or operators of those linked websites; and (b) no control over or rights in those linked websites.
×