http://www.campaigner.com/legal/terms-reseller/
PricingGet started for free with a full-feature trial.Try out Campaigner’s 60+ advanced features free for 30 days in a full-featured trial. Plans start from $19.95 after free first month.
See full pricing
Start free trial
Get a free demo and custom quote.Watch Campaigner in action in a live product demo and get a custom quote tailored to your business needs.
Get free quote
FeaturesTurn email into revenue with advanced email marketing automationIncrease sales, nurture leads better, automate your email marketing, personalize your messaging and drive bottom-line revenue.
Campaigner for eCommerce
Campaigner REST API
Industry-leading deliverability
Marketing automation
Automation workflows
Dynamic Content
Conversion tracking
Personalization
See all features
Email Design
Drag & Drop builder
Reusable content blocks (articles)
Email templates
Grow your audience
Forms
Landing pages
Facebook Audience builder
Advanced segmentation
Dynamic Content
Purchase behaviour
See integrationsServicesResourcesKNOWLEDGE BASEIn-depth, lucid and helpful instructions on how to use the Campaigner platform for your business. If you have questions, we have the answers.FIND ANSWERSMARKETING BLOGQuality tips, actionable strategies, guides, industry chatter and just overall marketing goodness. Read and learn about email marketing automation.READ BLOGGuides
Abandon cart recovery guide
Guide to responsive email templates
Email marketing kickstart guide More resources
Webinars
Getting started video walkthrough
Infographics
Videos SupportTalk to salesCall us: 1-866-358-6355Get free demo & quoteSign UpLogin
Sign up
Login
TRUST CENTERReseller Terms and Conditions
SECTION 1: Definitions & Interpretation1.1 Definitions: The terms defined elsewhere in the Reseller Agreement are incorporated herein. In addition, the terms below have the following meanings:(a) “Affiliates”: any and all parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, and other related entities of a corporate entity.(b) “Campaigner Marketing Materials”: any and all advertising and marketing materials, service descriptions, technical specifications, online help files, and user manuals that are produced by j2 for the Campaigner Solution.(c) “Customer”: an individual or entity who purchases the Campaigner Solution for its own email marketing needs and not, for example, for resale or use by third parties.(d) “Login Information”: any passwords, access codes, user IDs, or other login information provided to or used by Reseller to access the Campaigner® Reseller Platform, or by Reseller, its Customers, or their Users to access the Campaigner® Solution.(e) “Proprietary Rights”: all proprietary rights of any kind, including without limitation patents, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property and industrial property rights.(f) “Suppliers”: any and all third party agents, business associates, resellers, licensors, partners, and other vendors of goods or services used by j2 to provide the Campaigner Reseller Solution or the Campaigner Solution.(g) “User”: an individual employee or representative of a specific Customer who is provided access to the Campaigner® Solution. 1.2 Interpretation. The headings are for reference only and do not define, limit, or enlarge the scope or meaning of this Reseller Agreement or any of its provisions.SECTION 2: Grant Of Rights2.1 Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Reseller Agreement, j2 hereby appoints Reseller as a non-exclusive reseller of the Campaigner Solution to Customers during the Term. Such appointment shall be non-transferable and non-sublicensable, and shall be subject to the limitations and restrictions set forth in this Reseller Agreement.Reseller is prohibited from reselling any other j2 services without j2’s express written approval. Any such approval must be evidenced by the Parties signing a new reseller agreement describing such additional services and their associated fees.2.2 Reservation. Nothing in this Reseller Agreement limits, impairs, or restricts j2’s right and ability to:(a) directly or indirectly market, advertise, distribute, demonstrate, sell, offer to sell, resell, license, test, maintain, support, service, otherwise commercially exploit, and provide other services relating to the Campaigner Reseller Platform, the Campaigner Solution, or any other products or services on a worldwide or territorial basis, including through other channels, resellers, referral sources, distributors, and sales representatives; or(b) discontinue the provision, maintenance, or support of the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution.SECTION 3: Licenses3.1 Campaigner Reseller Platform. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Reseller Agreement, j2 hereby grants to Reseller a limited, restricted, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license during the Term for Reseller to use the Campaigner Reseller Platform in connection with the Reseller Services, which allows Reseller to market, advertise, demonstrate, sell, offer for sale, test, support, service, and provide other services relating to the Campaigner® Solution to and for existing and potential Customers. This license may not be sublicensed.Reseller is prohibited from reselling, sublicensing, distributing, or otherwise making available the Campaigner Reseller Platform to any third party. Reseller is also prohibited from using the Campaigner Reseller Platform other than as provided herein.3.2 Campaigner Solution. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Reseller Agreement, j2 hereby grants to Reseller a limited, restricted, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license during the Term for Reseller to use the Campaigner Solution:(a) in connection with the Reseller Services; and(b) for Reseller’s own email marketing needs. Reseller shall be entitled to sublicense the Campaigner Solution to its Customers strictly for the Customers’ own email marketing needs only and not, for example, for resale or use by third parties.Reseller shall guarantee and ensure that its Customers are prohibited from using the Campaigner Solution other than as provided herein. Reseller is prohibited from reselling, sublicensing, distributing, or otherwise making the Campaigner Solution available to any third party other than its Customers as provided herein. Reseller is also prohibited from using the Campaigner® Solution other than as provided herein.3.3 Campaigner Marketing Materials. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Reseller Agreement, j2 hereby grants to Reseller a limited, restricted, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license during the Term to use, reproduce, and distribute any Campaigner Marketing Materials provided by j2 in an unaltered state and in connection with the Reseller Services. Reseller agrees not to make any derivative works from the Campaigner Marketing Materials without j2’s prior written consent. This license may not be sublicensed.To the extent Reseller uses images provided by j2, j2 hereby grants Reseller a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable sublicense to use the images in an unaltered state and solely in connection with the Reseller Services or pursuant to Reseller’s use of the Campaigner Solution. This license may not be sublicensed.3.4 No License to Proprietary Rights. Reseller acknowledges and agrees that the Campaigner Reseller Platform, the Campaigner Solution, and the Campaigner Marketing Materials, including all parts thereof and all other software, technology, documents, and other information used to provide the same, are the exclusive property of j2 and its Affiliates, and are the subject of various Proprietary Rights held by j2 and its Affiliates. Reseller and its Customers will not acquire any rights, title, or interest in or to any of the foregoing. This Reseller Agreement does not provide any express or implied license to use, modify, or improve the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Services, or to otherwise use or exploit the Campaigner® Reseller Platform, the Campaigner Solution, or j2’s Proprietary Rights in any manner not expressly permitted herein.3.5 Restrictions. Reseller agrees to limit its use of the Campaigner Reseller Platform, the Campaigner Solution, and the Campaigner Marketing Materials to uses expressly authorized in this Reseller Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Reseller agrees not to: (a) attempt to create or derive any of the source code, technology, or data within the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution by disassembly, reverse engineering, or any other method, otherwise reduce the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution to a human-perceivable form, or modify or translate any part of the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution; and (b) attempt to obtain Proprietary Rights related the Campaigner Reseller Platform, the Campaigner Solution, or the Campaigner brand.SECTION 4: Reseller Obligations4.1 Standard of Conduct. At all times during the Term, Reseller will perform its obligations under this Reseller Agreement and conduct itself in a lawful, ethical, fair, competent, and professional manner, in accordance with the highest standards of the industry. Reseller will not, through any action, inaction, statement, or omission, negatively impact the reputation or customer goodwill of j2 and the Campaigner brand.At all times during the Term, Reseller will perform the Reseller Services only through employees and contractors who are thoroughly knowledgeable about how to use, market, advertise, demonstrate, sell, offer for sale, test, support, service, and provide other services relating to the Campaigner Reseller Platform and the Campaigner Solution.4.2 Equipment & Services. Reseller is solely responsible for obtaining, provisioning, configuring, maintaining, paying for, and protecting all equipment and services necessary for Reseller to perform the Reseller Services and use the Campaigner Reseller Platform and Campaigner Solution, including providing its own computer equipment, internet access, and email service. j2 shall have no responsibility for the same.Reseller shall guarantee and ensure that its Customers are solely responsible for obtaining, provisioning, configuring, maintaining, paying for, and protecting all equipment and services necessary to use the Campaigner Solution, including providing their own computer equipment, internet access, and email service. j2 shall have no responsibility for the same. 4.3 Protection of Login Information. Reseller is solely responsible for protecting and safeguarding its Login Information.Reseller shall not disclose or make available its Login Information other than to its authorized employees or contractors. Reseller shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to, or use of, its accounts. Reseller is entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur by anyone who has authorized access to Reseller’s accounts, or any other party with whom Reseller has shared its Login Information. Reseller shall guarantee and ensure that its Customers are solely responsible for protecting and safeguarding their own Login Information. Reseller shall obtain its Customers’ agreement not to disclose or make available their Login Information other than to their authorized employees or contractors. Reseller shall guarantee and ensure that its Customers use all commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to, or use of, their accounts.Reseller shall guarantee and ensure that its Customers are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur by anyone who has authorized access to their accounts, or any other party with whom a Customer has shared its Login Information.Reseller agrees to notify j2 immediately of any unauthorized access or use of its accounts or Login Information, or any other breach of security. Reseller shall make any disclosures related to such unauthorized access or use, or other breach of security, that may be required under applicable law. Reseller shall also procure each Customer’s guarantee and agreement that it will notify Reseller promptly of any unauthorized access or use of its account or Login Information, or any other breach of security. If Reseller is in receipt of a notification from a Customer, Reseller agrees to immediately notify j2.j2 is not obligated to verify the actual identity or authority of any individual using the valid Login Information of the Reseller, its Customers, or their Users. If j2, in its absolute discretion, considers Login Information to be insecure or to have been compromised, then j2 may immediately cancel the affected Login Information without notice and/or suspend any affected accounts.j2 will not be liable for any loss that the Reseller, its Customers, their Users, or any other parties may incur as a result of any authorized or unauthorized use of the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution. However, Reseller, its Customers, and their Users may be held liable for losses incurred by j2 or another party due to any authorized or unauthorized use of the Campaigner® Reseller Platform or the Campaigner® Solution.4.4 Records. During the Term and for six (6) years thereafter, Reseller will create and retain records and books of account relating to the Reseller Services, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Upon request by j2, Reseller will promptly provide to j2 all records and books of account. Upon request by j2, Reseller will promptly provide to j2 copies of all executed Customer Agreements and/or other evidence that customers have accepted the Customer Terms & Conditions and have entered into Customer Agreements with Reseller.4.5 Governmental Approvals. Reseller will obtain and comply with all governmental approvals, licenses, permits, declarations, rules, regulations, and registrations that may be required for the resale and provision of the Reseller Services and/or performance of Reseller’s obligations under this Reseller Agreement.4.6 Customer/User Notices. Upon request by j2, Reseller will promptly deliver to its Customers any notices regarding the Campaigner® Solution.4.7 Notification. Reseller will immediately notify j2 of any notices received by Reseller that could adversely affect j2 or its Affiliates, including without limitation notices of actual or potential third party claims or proceedings relating to the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution.4.8 Errors. Reseller will promptly notify j2 of any suspected errors, bugs, or other problems with the Campaigner® Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution.SECTION 5: Fees, Prices, and Payments5.1 Fees. Reseller is solely responsible for, and will pay to j2, all Fees pursuant to the Reseller Agreement, along with all applicable taxes. ALL FEES ARE NONREFUNDABLE.Failure by Reseller or its Customers to use their accounts will not be a basis for refusing to pay Fees in accordance with this Reseller Agreement.Payment of Reseller’s account balance is due monthly in the currency in which billed. j2 may, at its option and sole discretion, accumulate overage, upgrade, and additional fees incurred during Reseller’s monthly billing cycle and submit such fees as one or more aggregate charges during or at the end of each cycle.If Reseller has questions regarding any charges that have been applied to its account, Reseller must contact j2’s customer support within thirty (30) days of the charge.5.2 Taxes. Taxes include without limitation federal, state, provincial, municipal, or any other governmental tax, tax-like charge, fee, or assessment. All charges will be exclusive of V.A.T, sales tax, or other taxes, except as required by law. Canadian residents will be charged G.S.T. and P.S.T. as applicable.If Reseller resides outside of Canada, the place of residency will be deemed not to be Canada unless j2 is notified otherwise. If Reseller’s residency status changes, Reseller must notify j2 and be required to provide a mailing address and proof of residency. Non-Canadian residents will be deemed not to have registered for G.S.T unless j2 is notified otherwise.5.3 Credit Card Payment & Authorization. Unless Reseller has a qualified business account (see Section 5.4), payments must be made by a designated credit card, which must be maintained on file at all times. If payment is not received by j2 from the card issuer or its agents, Reseller agrees to pay all amounts due upon demand by j2.Each time Reseller uses the Campaigner® Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution or otherwise provides Reseller Services, Reseller agrees and reaffirms that j2 is authorized to charge its designated credit card. Reseller’s card issuer’s agreement governs its use of its designated credit card and Reseller must refer to such agreement (not this Reseller Agreement) with respect to its rights and liabilities as a cardholder.Reseller agrees that j2 may submit charges for Fees each month without further authorization, until Reseller provides prior notice (in accordance with j2’s verification procedures, as may be established by j2 from time to time in its sole discretion) that Reseller has terminated this authorization or wishes to change its designated credit card. Such notice will not affect charges submitted before j2 reasonably could act on Reseller’s notice.5.4 Qualified Business Accounts. If Reseller has a qualified business account and is approved by j2 for corporate billing, charges will be accumulated, identified by Reseller identification number, and invoiced on a monthly basis.5.5 No Other Payments. Except as expressly set forth herein, each Party will bear all costs and expenses incurred in performing its obligations pursuant to the Reseller Agreement, and Reseller is not entitled to receive any fees, commissions, or other remuneration for the performance of its obligations.SECTION 6: Term and Termination6.1 Early Termination Without Cause. Reseller may terminate this Reseller Agreement at any time without cause by providing at least ninety (90) days prior written notice and paying a termination fee equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of complete or partial months remaining in the Initial Term (or, if beyond the Initial Term, the current Renewal Term), multiplied by the average of the last three (3) months of monthly recurring charges prior to the effective early termination date. This termination fee will be payable within thirty (30) days of the effective early termination date.6.2 Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding any other provision, either Party may terminate this Reseller Agreement for cause effective immediately upon delivery of a notice of termination to the other Party if the other Party has materially breached this Reseller Agreement and has not remedied the breach within thirty (30) days after written notice. Notice of the breach must:(a) identify the breach;(b) state the non-breaching Party’s intention to terminate this Reseller Agreement if the breach is not remedied; and(c) be delivered within thirty (30) days of the breach.If the breaching Party does not cure the breach within thirty (30) days of receiving notice, the non-breaching party may deliver a notice of termination. The notice of termination must be delivered within ninety (90) days of the breach to be effective. If the breach is of a continuing nature, these provisions apply for each instance of breach.6.3 Termination Due to Bankruptcy. j2 may in its absolute discretion terminate this Reseller Agreement for cause immediately upon delivery of notice to Reseller if Reseller becomes bankrupt, takes any step or proceeding available to it for the benefit of insolvent debtors, becomes insolvent, or takes any step or proceeding for its liquidation, dissolution, or winding up.6.4 Termination, Suspension, Restriction, or Other Limitation Under Special Circumstances. In its sole discretion and without liability, j2 may terminate, suspend, restrict, or otherwise limit Reseller’s and/or any of its Customers’ use of, and licenses to, the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution based on:(a) j2’s reasonable belief that Reseller or its Customers have violated or will violate Section 7;(b) an order issued by a court or other governmental authority requiring such termination, suspension, restriction, or limit;(c) j2’s reasonable belief that use of the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner® Solution by Reseller or its Customers have or will adversely affect j2’s equipment, security network infrastructure, or service to others; or(d) Reseller’s failure to pay undisputed Fees after being provided notice. j2 will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Reseller prior notice of termination, suspension, restriction, or other limitation under this Section 6.4. If prior notice is not possible, j2 will provide notice as soon as reasonable practicable.In the case of termination under this Section 6.4, the provisions of Section 6.5 shall apply. In the case of suspension, restriction, or other limitation under this Section 6.4, Fees will continue to accrue. Other than in cases of willful, intentional, or knowing violations of Section 7, j2 will use commercially reasonable efforts to work with Reseller to resolve any issues and reinstate the Reseller Services to the fullest extent possible.j2 reserves the right to terminate, suspend, restrict, or otherwise limit Reseller or its Customers’ access to the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution if j2, in its sole discretion, believes that the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution are used for a purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Reseller Agreement, any applicable Customer Agreement, or any other notices.j2 shall have no obligation to maintain any messages or other content in suspended, restricted, or terminated accounts, or forward any unread or unsent messages to Reseller, a Customer, a User, or any other party.6.5 Effect of Termination. Immediately upon termination of this Reseller Agreement:(a) Reseller will cease using the Campaigner Reseller Platform and the Campaigner Solution, and will cease providing Reseller Services;(b) Reseller’s Customers will cease using the Campaigner® Solution;(c) j2 will cease providing the Campaigner Reseller Platform to Reseller;(d) j2 will cease providing the Campaigner Solution to Reseller and its Customers; and(e) Reseller will pay to j2 all Fees accrued up to the date of termination without any right of deduction or setoff.If this Reseller Agreement is terminated under Sections 6.2, 6.3, or 6.4, Reseller will immediately pay a termination fee equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the average of the last three (3) months of monthly recurring charges prior to the effective early termination date. 6.6 Survival.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the following provisions of this RESELLER Agreement, and all other provisions necessary to their interpretation or enforcement, will survive the termination of this RESELLER Agreement, will remain in full force and effect, and WILL be binding upon the Parties: Sections 3.4, 3.5, 4.4, 6.5, 6.6, 8, 9, AND 10.SECTION 7: No Unlawful or Prohibited Use7.1 Acceptable Use & Legal Compliance. Reseller is solely responsible and liable for its actions in providing the Reseller Services and its use of the Campaigner Reseller Platform and Campaigner Solution, including the accuracy, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of all messages transmitted using the Campaigner Solution, and any other acts and omissions. Reseller will ensure that its provision of the Reseller Services and its use of the Campaigner Reseller Platform and the Campaigner® Solution:(a) comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, as well as this Reseller Agreement; and(b) do not infringe the rights of other parties. j2 shall have no responsibility for the same.Reseller shall guarantee and ensure that each of its Customers is solely responsible for its own activities and those of its Users, including the accuracy, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of all messages transmitted using the Campaigner Solution, and any other acts and omissions. With respect to a Customer’s use of the Campaigner Solution, Reseller shall guarantee and ensure that each of its Customers agrees:(a) to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, as well as the applicable Customer Agreement; and(b) not to infringe the rights of other parties. j2 shall have no responsibility for same.Reseller represents that the information submitted for transmission via the j2 network for the Campaigner® Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution is for lawful purposes only and that the transmission of messages or files is not in violation of any applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including without limitation encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, infringe third party rights, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any local, provincial, state, national, or other law.Reseller may not use the Campaigner® Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution to upload, post, reproduce, or distribute, in any way, any information, software, or other material protected by another party’s Proprietary Rights without first obtaining permission.Reseller agrees to comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including those related to email marketing, anti-spam, anti-phishing, data privacy, international communications, and export of technical or personal data. Violations of Section 7 will cause Reseller and/or its Customers’ accounts to be terminated, suspended, restricted, or otherwise limited pursuant to Section 6.4 j2 reserves the right to take any other action that it deems necessary or appropriate, in its sole discretion, if j2 believes a Reseller, its Customer, or their Users have violated or will violate Section 7.7.2 Unsolicited Email Marketing. The transmission of unsolicited email is regulated by the CAN-SPAM Act (United States), the EU Opt-In Directive (Europe), and CASL (Canada), among other laws, rules, and regulations in these and other countries, states, provinces, and jurisdictions.Unsolicited email marketing in violation of such laws, rules, and regulations using the Campaigner® Solution is prohibited and is a material violation of this Reseller Agreement. Reseller warrants its compliance with laws, rules, and regulations regarding unsolicited email marketing and will require its Customers to comply as well.7.3 Message Content. Reseller is fully responsible for the content of its transmissions through the Campaigner® Solution. Reseller agrees and acknowledges that:(a) Reseller is the creator of all content;(b) j2 is not the author or publisher of any content; and(c) j2 does not rent or sell lists of any kind. j2 acts simply as a passive conduit for Reseller, its Customers, and their Users to send and receive information of their own choosing. Reseller shall guarantee and ensure its Customers’ agreement to the same.Reseller and its Customers shall not use the Campaigner® Reseller Platform or the Campaigner® Solution to store:(a) any “protected health information” (as such term is used in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-191); or(b) any other type of information that imposes independent legal or regulatory obligations upon j2.In accordance with the Prohibited Use Policy located here, j2 prohibits the use of the Campaigner Solution to send messages that encourage, promote, provide, sell, or offer to sell products or content relating to illegal or fraudulent activities, or services related to the same.This includes without limitation illegal drugs; counterfeit or pirated goods; instructions on how to assemble or otherwise make bombs, grenades, or other weapons; and material that exploits children, encourages violence, or contains obscenity or sexually explicit content. This is not an exhaustive list and j2, in its sole discretion, may determine whether a particular message is prohibited. j2’s determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive.Any unlawful or prohibited content stored on j2’s servers may be deleted at any time by j2 without notice. Upon receipt of a complaint, j2 reserves the right, but is not obligated, to review the content of any messages sent using the Campaigner Solution for compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, as well as this Reseller Agreement.j2 does not:Represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made through the Campaigner® Solution. Assume liability for any harassing, offensive, or obscene/sexually explicit material distributed through the Campaigner Solution by Resellers, its Customers, or their Users, or any other parties using the accounts of the foregoing.Assume any liability for material distributed through the Campaigner Solution by Resellers, its Customers, or their Users, or any other parties using the accounts of the foregoing, that violates of any other party’s rights, including Proprietary Rights and rights of publicity or privacy.Assume liability for claims concerning unsolicited messages sent by Resellers, its Customers, or their Users, or any other parties using the accounts of the foregoing, including without limitation claims under the CAN-SPAM Act, the EU Opt-In Directive, and CASL.7.4 Unauthorized Access Prohibited. Reseller may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any other Campaigner® Reseller Platform or Campaigner Solution accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any j2 server, the Campaigner Reseller Platform, or the Campaigner Solution, through hacking, password mining, or any other means.Reseller will not obstruct the identification procedures used by j2 in the Campaigner Reseller Platform, or the Campaigner Solution. Reseller shall obtain its Customers’ agreement not to do the same.Reseller and its Customers may not use the Campaigner Reseller Platform or Campaigner Solution in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any j2 server or a network connected to a j2 server, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner Solution.With regard to contact-based subscription plans, should j2 deem Reseller or its Customers’ cumulative account activity, including but not limited to factors such as high send volume or large contact lists, to be detrimental to j2’s ability to provide the Campaigner Solution to Reseller, its Customers, or others, j2 reserves the right in its sole discretion to move Reseller and its Customers to a volume-based subscription plan.Repeated uploading and removing of unique email addresses in an attempt to circumvent fee schedules and billing procedures for contact-based subscription plans is prohibited.7.5 Customer or User Violations. To the extent that j2 suspects that Reseller’s Customers and/or Users have violated, or will violate, any of the provisions in Section 7, Reseller agrees to work in good faith with j2 to investigate and resolve any issues.Section 8: Representations, limited warranty, & disclaimer8.1 accuracy of account information. Reseller represents and warrants that the information provided on the cover page of this reseller agreement is current, complete, and accurate. Reseller agrees to notify j2 promptly of any changes to this information as required to keep it current, complete, and accurate.8.2 authority to sign. Reseller represents and warrants that the individual signing on its behalf is at least eighteen (18) years of age or, as applicable, the age of majority in the country, state, or province in which reseller resides, and that this individual possesses the legal right and ability to enter into this reseller agreement. If the individual is registering on behalf of a corporation, reseller warrants that the individual has the authority to bind the corporation.Each party represents and warrants that it has all requisite power, authority, and approvals to enter into, execute, and deliver this reseller agreement and to perform fully its obligations hereunder, and its entering into and performance of this reseller agreement does not and will not during the term conflict with, or result in the breach of, any express or implied obligation or duty to any other party.8.3 general disclaimer. Use of the campaigner® reseller platform and the campaigner solution is at reseller’s, its customers’, and their users’ own risk. The campaigner reseller platform and the campaigner solution may be affected by numerous factors beyond j2’s control, and may not be continuous, uninterrupted, or secure. Security and privacy risks cannot be eliminated. Login information may not prevent unauthorized access. J2 is not responsible for the use of the campaigner reseller platform and the campaigner solution by reseller, its customers, and their users.8.4 no other warranties. Except for any express warranties set forth in sections 8.1 and 8.2, the campaigner® reseller platform and the campaigner® solution are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. There are no other warranties, representations, or conditions of any kind, express or implied, written or oral, arising by statute, operation of law, course of dealing, usage of trade, or otherwise with respect to the campaigner® reseller platform or the campaigner® solution.J2 further expressly disclaims guarantee of continued availability of the campaigner® reseller platform or the campaigner® solution, or any implied warranty or condition of merchantability, satisfactory quality, durability or fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement. No representation or other affirmation of fact including but not limited to marketing literature or collateral, or statements regarding performance of the services by j2 that are not contained in this section 8 shall be considered to be a warranty or representation, and should not be relied upon and is not binding upon j2Section 9: Limitation of liability9.1 Limitation of Liability. None of j2 nor any of its affiliates or suppliers shall be held responsible in any way or by any means, either directly or indirectly, for any communications or other difficulties outside of j2’s or any such affiliates’ or suppliers’ control that could lead to any delay, interruption, or misdirection of messages.The aggregate liability of j2 or its affiliates and suppliers, whether in contract (including fundamental breach or failure of an essential purpose), tort (including negligence), misrepresentation, or otherwise in respect of a single occurrence or a series of occurences shall in no circumstances exceed the monthly recurring revenue paid or payable by reseller to j2 for the month during which the liability arose.In no event shall j2 or its affiliates and suppliers be liable to reseller, its customers, their users, or any other party for any punitive, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, or for any failure to realize expected savings, loss of business, loss of revenues or profits, loss of data, or any other commercial or economic loss (including but not limited to loss of data resulting from delays, non-deliveries, wrong deliveries, service interruptions, performance or failure of the internet or j2’s internet service provider, or deletion or failure to save deliveries), even if j2 has been advised of the possibility of such damages or if such damages are foreseeable.In this section, “j2” includes j2 and its affiliates and their respective past, present, and future directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, subcontractors, successors, permitted assigns, and related parties.In the event applicable law does not permit such exclusions to be completely disclaimed, these exclusions shall be interpreted as necessary to give j2 the full benefit of any disclaimer or limitation as permitted by applicable law.9.2 Third Party Claims. Reseller is solely liable and responsible for any and all claims and proceedings directly or indirectly arising from, connected with, or relating to the use of the campaigner reseller platform and the campaigner solution by reseller, its customers, their users, or anyone using any of their accounts. Reseller is also solely liable for any breach of this agreement, violation or infringement of the rights of other parties, violation of the acceptable use policy, or violation of any applicable civil or criminal law, rule, or regulation by the reseller, its customers, or their users. J2 disclaims responsibility and liability for such matters to the fullest extent permitted by law.9.3 Fair Allocation of Liability. This section 9 represents a fair allocation of risk and liability, which is reflected in the fees to be paid hereunder.SECTION 10: Indemnification10.1 j2 Indemnity. Subject to Sections 10.3 and 10.4, j2 will defend, indemnify, save, and hold harmless Reseller from and against any and all third party claims and proceedings directly or indirectly relating to any proven or unproven allegation that the Campaigner® Reseller Platform, the Campaigner Solution, or any part thereof, when used by Reseller, its Customers, or their Users in accordance with this Reseller Agreement, infringes or violates a third party’s Proprietary Rights, excluding any such actual or alleged infringement or violation resulting from:(a) the combination of the Campaigner Reseller Platform or the Campaigner® Solution with software, products, or services not supplied by j2;(b) any breach by Reseller of its obligations under this Reseller Agreement; or(c) any violation of applicable law by Reseller, its Customers, or their Users.10.2 Reseller Indemnity. Subject to Sections 10.3 and 10.4, Reseller will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless j2, its Affiliates, and their respective past, present, and future directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, subcontractors, successors, permitted assigns, and related parties from and against any claims and proceedings directly or indirectly relating to:(a) the use of the Campaigner® Reseller Platform or the Campaigner® Solution by Reseller, its Customers, or their Users;(b) any negligence, misconduct, or breach of this Reseller Agreement or applicable Customer Agreement by Reseller, its Customers, their Users, or any other party for whom Reseller or any Customer or User is responsible or liable under this Reseller Agreement;(c) the content and delivery of any of Reseller’s, its Customers’, or their Users’ messages using the Campaigner® Solution;(d) the infringement of any trademark or copyright by Reseller, its Customers, or their Users;(e) the unavailability, suspension, or termination of all or any of the Reseller Services; or(f) the expiration or termination of this Reseller Agreement.10.3 Mutual Indemnity. If any claim or proceeding gives rise to an indemnity obligation by both Parties pursuant to Sections 10.1 or 10.2, the liability of each Party to indemnify the other Party will be apportioned and offset in proportion to the responsibility of each Party for the matter giving rise to the claim or proceeding.10.4 Indemnification Procedure. Notwithstanding Sections 10.1 and 10.2, the indemnifying Party’s obligations are conditional upon the indemnified Party:(a) giving the indemnifying Party prompt notice of the claim or proceeding;(b) granting control of the defense and settlement of the claim or proceeding to the indemnifying Party (provided that a claim or proceeding will not be settled without the prior written consent of the indemnified Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and(c) reasonably cooperating with the indemnifying Party regarding the defense and settlement of the claim or proceeding at the indemnified Party’s expense.Notwithstanding anything contained in this Reseller Agreement to the contrary, the indemnified Party retains the right to participate in the defense of and settlement negotiations relating to any claim or proceeding with counsel of its own selection at its sole cost and expense.SECTION 11: Privacy Policy, Data Protection & Storage11.1 Privacy Policy. j2 is dedicated to establishing a trusting relationship with its resellers and customers based on respect for personal identity and information, by promoting the use of fair information practices. A current copy of j2’s Privacy Policy is available here (http://www.protus.com/legal/privacy.asp) and is incorporated herein by reference.11.2 Storage. While a particular account is active, j2 will store messages sent and received for a period of up to one year, in each case measured from the date of receipt of such message. Contact lists are maintained while the account is in good standing. j2 shall maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of Reseller and Customer information in its possession.Reseller acknowledges that j2 may change its practices and limitations concerning the storage of messages at any time and that notification of any such changes will be posted on j2’s website. Reseller further agrees that this feature is provided as a convenience to its resellers and customers only, and j2 and its Affiliates have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the deletion, loss, disclosure of, or failure to store, any messages and/or other communications maintained or transmitted by the Campaigner Solution.11.3 Data Protection and Processing (Business Customers Only):If Reseller or Customer is a business customer and the Services involve the processing of personal data which is subject to the General Data Protection Legislation (EU) 2016/679, the “GDPR”), j2 is a processor and Reseller and Customers are the controller in relation to such personal data (as defined in the GDPR), which is processed pursuant to this Agreement.Reseller and Customers retain control over the content of the information submitted through the Services, and as such the types of personal data that are subject to processing cannot be categorised by j2 in these terms and conditions. It is assumed such personal data may include all categories of personal data relating to Reseller, or Customer’s own clients, customers, suppliers, employees, other personnel and/or other data subjects.Reseller may notify j2 of the categories of data subjects or types of personal data to be incorporated into these terms by using the contact details set out in the Privacy Policy.As processor, j2 shall, in relation to personal data (as defined in the GDPR) provided by Reseller or Customer or generated arising from the performance of the Services under this Agreement:– Process such personal data in accordance with these terms and conditions and otherwise comply with Resekker documented (including email) instructions in connection with such processing. Where such instructions are provided orally, we shall keep a record of these. If at any point, j2 becomes unable to comply with Reseller instructions regarding the processing of personal data (whether as a result of a change in applicable law, or a change in Reseller instructions, or for any other reason), j2 shall promptly:–Notify Reseller of such inability, to the extent permitted by applicable law; and–Cease all processing of the affected personal data (other than merely storing and maintaining the security of the affected personal data) until such time as Reseller issues new instructions with which j2 is able to comply.– Ensure personal data are kept confidential;–Take reasonable steps to ensure the reliability and trustworthiness of j2’s personnel and any subprocessors, and— Take reasonable steps to ensure that all relevant j2 personnel, and any relevant subprocessors, have committed themselves to ensuring the confidentiality of all personal data that they process;-Ensure that, in each instance in which j2 engages a subprocessor, it shall notify Reseller and:–Allow Reseller a reasonable opportunity to object to the appointment of that subprocessor (and such authorisation is deemed to be granted if Reseller does not object within thirty (30) days of being notified of the proposed subprocessor); and–Enter into a binding written agreement with the subprocessor that imposes on the subprocessor the same obligations that apply to j2 under this Agreement with respect to the processing of personal data; subject to compliance with the foregoing, Reseller hereby generally authorise j2 to engage sub-processors in relation to the Services.At Reseller’s request and sole expense, promptly provide Reseller with all reasonable technical and organisational assistance (taking into account the nature and functionality of the Services) necessary to respond appropriately to requests from individuals to exercise their rights under the GDPR;– At Reseller’s request and sole expense, promptly provide Reseller with all reasonable assistance necessary to enable Reseller to:Notify relevant breaches of the GDPR to the relevant authorities and/or affected individuals;Conduct data protection impact assessments, where required; andObtain any necessary authorisations from any relevant regulatory authorities;Delete (or, upon Reseller’s request at or prior to termination, return) any personal data processed in the performance of the Services in j2’s possession within 180 days after the termination or expiry of this Agreement, other than data in relation to which j2 is a controller (which will be processed in accordance with our privacy policy) and unless the applicable law of the European Union or an EU Member State requires otherwise;– At Reseller’s request and sole expense:— Promptly provide Reseller with all information necessary to enable Reseller to demonstrate compliance with Reseller’s obligations under the GDPR, to the extent that j2 is able to provide such information; and— Allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by Reseller’s auditors or appointees, provided that such audit shall be during regular business hours, with reasonable advance notice to j2 and subject to reasonable confidentiality procedures. Before the commencement of any such audit, the parties shall mutually agree upon the scope, timing, and duration of the audit. Reseller may not audit j2 more than once annually; and– Notify Reseller without undue delay in the event of:— Becoming aware of any personal data breach; or— Receipt of any correspondence or communication from any individual, regulatory authority or third party regarding the processing of personal data; and– Apply appropriate technical and security measures to protect any such personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to such personal data.SECTION 12: Miscellaneous12.1 Program Managers. Each Party will designate from time to time an individual as its “Program Manager” who will act as its primary contact regarding the performance of this Reseller Agreement. The current Program Managers are as set forth on the Cover Page.12.2 Time of the Essence. Time is of the essence of this Reseller Agreement and of every provision of this Agreement.12.3 Further Assurances. Each Party will execute any further documents and do any further acts or things that may be necessary to implement and carry out this Reseller Agreement.12.4 Inurement. This Reseller Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.12.5 Force Majeure. Notwithstanding any other provision, j2 will not be liable to Reseller, its Customers, their Users, or any other party for any delay in performing or failure to perform any of its obligations under this Reseller Agreement to the extent performance is delayed or prevented due to any cause or causes that are beyond j2’s reasonable control, including without limitation:(a) any act of God, fire, explosion, lightning, storm, flood, earthquake, accident, or natural disaster;(b) war, terrorism, hostilities, civil war, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, commotion, or acts of a public enemy;(c) labor shortages, strikes, lock-outs, or other labor, industrial or trade action, disputes, disruption, or disturbances (whether involving its employees or those of any other party);(d) theft, sabotage, malicious damage, fraud, epidemic, or quarantine restrictions;(e) material shortages or rationing;(f) general failure, malfunction or unavailability of power, utilities, telecommunications, data communications, or related services;(g) action, inaction, demand, order, restraint, restriction, requirement, prevention, or hindrance by any government or court; or(h) applicable law or regulation. Any delay or failure of this kind will not be deemed to be a breach of this Reseller Agreement by j2, and the time for j2’s performance of the affected obligation will be extended by a period that is reasonable in the circumstances.12.6 Relationship of Parties. The Parties are independent contractors, and nothing in this Reseller Agreement or done pursuant to this Reseller Agreement will create or be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency, employment, or other similar relationship between the Parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, under no circumstances will Reseller have the authority, or purport to have the authority, to legally bind j2 to any agreement with any Customer, User, or other party.12.7 Assignment. This Reseller Agreement and Reseller’s rights, duties, obligations, and interests hereunder are personal to Reseller, and Reseller may not directly or indirectly, by way of merger, acquisition, amalgamation, operation of law, or otherwise, assign this Reseller Agreement or its rights, duties, obligations, or interests hereunder to any other party without the prior written consent of j2, which consent may be withheld by j2 in its sole discretion, and any attempt to do so will be null and void and have no force or effect.12.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Reseller Agreement, no provisions of this Reseller Agreement are intended to or will be construed to confer upon or give to any party other than Reseller and j2, and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights, remedies, or other benefits. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Customers and Users will not have any rights under this Reseller Agreement.12.9 Lawyers’ Fees. In addition to any other relief awarded in any court proceedings arising out of or relating to this Reseller Agreement, the prevailing Party will be entitled to its reasonable lawyers’ fees, disbursements, and expenses.12.10 Notices. Except for any electronic notices provided for in this Reseller Agreement or invoices pursuant to Section 5, any notice required or permitted to be given under this Reseller Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered by personal delivery, by overnight or express courier, or by facsimile transmission to j2 at its head office address indicated from time to time on its website www.campaigner.com and to Reseller at the address indicated on the Cover Page, or at such other addresses and contact methods as a Party may from time to time designate in a notice to the other Party. A notice delivered personally, by courier, or facsimile will be deemed to have been received on the next business day following, as applicable, the date of delivery or the fax transmission (with confirming receipt).12.11 No Waiver. No consent or waiver by either Party to or of any breach or default by the other Party in its performance of its obligations under this Agreement will be deemed or construed to be a consent to or waiver of a continuing breach or default or any other breach or default of those or any other obligations of that Party. No consent or waiver will be effective unless in writing and signed by both Parties.12.12 Remedies. Except as specifically provided herein, the specific rights and remedies of a Party hereunder are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies to which such Party may be lawfully entitled hereunder or at law or equity.12.13 Severability. If any provision of this Reseller Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.12.14 Telephone Recording. Reseller acknowledges and agrees that j2 may record all telephone calls for the purposes of training, improvement of services, fraud prevention, and to ensure the accuracy of instructions communicated to j2. All telephone recordings shall be the property of j2.12.15 Governing Law. This Reseller Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Province of Ontario, without regard to conflict of law principles. The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed. Reseller hereby consents to the jurisdiction of such province and agrees that all disputes shall be tried in the city of Ottawa, Ontario. Reseller expressly waives any right, and agrees not to have any dispute under the Reseller Agreement, tried or otherwise determined by a jury, except where required by law.12.16 Complete Agreement. This Reseller Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the Campaigner Reseller Platform and Campaigner Solution, and supersedes any and all previous communications, representations, negotiations, discussions, agreements, or understandings, whether oral or written, between them with respect to such subject matter. This Reseller Agreement may only be modified by a written instrument signed by both Parties, or their successors or permitted assigns.These Reseller Terms and Conditions are effective as of May 25, 2018. Asset 2
Twitter
Facebook-f
Instagram
Linkedin
Made with  in Ottawa, Canada.Campaigner
About
Contact
Customer Support
System Status
Careers Product
Login
Sign Up
Features
Integrations Partners
Reseller Program
Non-Profit Program
Startup Program Resources
Blog
Knowledge Base
Infographics
Webinars
Trust Center
Terms
Reseller Terms
Privacy Policy
Anti-Spam Policy 2020 j2 Global, Inc. All rights reserved. Campaigner® is a registered trademark of j2 Global Canada, Inc.This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.