http://www.samiakamar.com/terms-and-conditions/
collection
about
my world
contact
TERMS & CONDITIONS
legal
Thank you for visiting the website of
Samia Kamar Ltd www.samiakamar.com
Please be advised of our company policy:
about
Samia Kamar Ltd is Registered and Incorporated in England and Wales
Under Company Registration No.3588194
Company Email: sales@samiakamar.com
Company Telephone & Fax: (+44) 20 7224 9373
Registered Address: (do not use for correspondence)
Samia Kamar Ltd
1st Floor The Barn House
38 Meadow Way, Ruislip
Middlesex, HA4 8SY
England
copyright statement
All copyrights worldwide are strictly reserved. This website is solely owned and operated by Samia Kamar Ltd. All Trademarks and Logo, Designs, Photographs, written and other material represented on this website, are the intellectual property of Samia Kamar Ltd. Any reproduction, even partially, is strictly prohibited. Nothing contained on the website may be reproduced without prior written consent.
product information
Samia Kamar Ltd has made every effort to display all items as accurately as possible. However it is important to know that images can vary slightly due to the monitor used. Materials used are handmade and any irregularities are due to natural characteristics.
All leathers and exotic skins have been responsibly sourced from the best certified tanneries in Italy. Precious exotic handbags have been manufactured using real reptile skins, got under the tutelage of the
C.I.T.E.S.*
(*Washington convention on international trade in endangered species of wild Fauna and Flora).
Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy
To view our Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy please click here.
disclaimer
Samia Kamar Ltd endeavours to ensure that the data and other material on this website are correct and complete, but does not accept any liability for any error made or omission from this website.
Samia Kamar Ltd shall not be liable for any claims or losses of any nature, arising directly or indirectly from use of the data or material on this site, or unauthorized access to this site or otherwise howsoever arising (except to the extent required by law).
Samia Kamar Ltd has the right to withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this website without notice to you. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for the withdrawal of this website.
We also reserve the right to alter our Terms and Conditions if the need arises.
The use of this website shall be governed by English Law and the exclusive jurisdiction of English Courts.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By proceeding to browse website, you are agreeing to our
Privacy Policy