http://www.sugarproducer.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Search
Search
Go
Privacy Policy
Your privacy means a lot to us. This privacy policy is written to show those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Part of privacy is understanding how necessary information is being used. Carefully review our privacy policy to understand our methods for the collection, storage, security, and general usage of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
Do we use 'cookies'?Yep! Cookies are files that a website sends to your computer. Cookies are used to receive and retain certain information and help websites remember who you are. For example, when you shop online, cookies are used to ensure that the website knows what items were placed in the cart. Cookies are commonly used to help understand customer preferences, which leads to improved service and a more user-friendly experience; this is done through the aforementioned methods and other tracking of site traffic and interaction.
We use cookies to:• Keep track of advertisements.• Receive data about site traffic and interaction to improve the service and user experience. Improvements to site function and tools are the result of us having this data. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can change your browser’s cookie settings; you can choose to be notified every time a cookie is being sent, or completely turn cookies off. Every browser is different, so changing your settings on one will not impact another. Reference the Help Menu in your browser for further instructions on cookie preferences.
If users disable cookies in their browser:You are welcome to turn cookies off, but be aware that some site features depend on cookies for correct functionality, and their efficiency can be impacted if cookies are turned off.
Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party linksWe reserve the right to occasionally include third-party services or products on our websites. These sites all have their own privacy policies and should be reviewed on their respective site. We have no responsibility or liability for the actions or content of these sites. We will always strive to protect our site, and we welcome any feedback about your experience with these sites.
GoogleGoogle's advertising requirements are found in Google's Advertising Principles. They are used to ensure that all users have a positive experience.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google uses the DART cookie to show ads to our users based on previous Internet activity. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to receive and understand advertising results and functions in relation to our site.
Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser add on.