http://www.hfbusiness.com/privacystatement.aspx
Toggle navigation
Advertising Info
Magazine
Past Issues
Videos
News
Industry Statistics
Daily News Archive
Factoids
Send Your News
Featured Resources
Designer Weekly
E-Market Preview
Magalog
E-Catalog
Subscribe
Subscribe to our Magazine
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Subscribe to Designer Weekly
Renew Your Subscription
Contact Us
Login
» Privacy Statement
Search
Advertisement
Get the latest industry scoop
Subscribe
Privacy Statement
Home Furnishings Business is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Home Furnishings Business Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Home Furnishings Business website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Home Furnishings Business collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Home Furnishings Business also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Home Furnishings Business. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Home Furnishings Business for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Home Furnishings Business Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Home Furnishings Business public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Home Furnishings Business does not read any of your private online communications.
Home Furnishings Business encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Home Furnishings Business so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Home Furnishings Business is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Home Furnishings Business and Home Furnishings Business family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Home Furnishings Business collects and uses your personal information to operate the Home Furnishings Business Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Home Furnishings Business also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Home Furnishings Business and its affiliates. Home Furnishings Business may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Home Furnishings Business may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. You are able to opt out of receiving further third party emails from each individual partner. In addition, Home Furnishings Business may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Home Furnishings Business, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Home Furnishings Business does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Home Furnishings Business keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Home Furnishings Business, in order to determine what Home Furnishings Business services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Home Furnishings Business to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Home Furnishings Business Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Home Furnishings Business or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Home Furnishings Business; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Home Furnishings Business, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Home Furnishings Business Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Home Furnishings Business pages, or register with Home Furnishings Business site or services, a cookie helps Home Furnishings Business to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Home Furnishings Business Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Home Furnishings Business features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Home Furnishings Business services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Home Furnishings Business secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Home Furnishings Business secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Home Furnishings Business will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Home Furnishings Business encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Home Furnishings Business is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Home Furnishings Business welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Home Furnishings Business has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Home Furnishings Business at info@impactconsultingservices.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Copyright 2020 by Home Furnishings Business
A product of FurnitureCore
5256 Peachtree Rd, Suite 102
Atlanta, Georgia 30341
Phone: 404.961.3734
Fax: 404.961.3749
HFBusiness Home
Advertising Info
Magazine
Daily News
Designer Weekly
E-Market Preview
Subscribe
About HFBusiness
Industry Statistics
Factoids
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
FurnitureCore Home
Newsletter Sign-up
Get the latest product announcements,
show reports and people news in the
home furnishings retail industry
sent straight to your e-mail inbox.
Sign-up Today!