http://www.creedmoorsports.com/privacy
Do you know The Creedmoor Way? Read about it now!
CUSTOMER SERVICE
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
FAQs
SHIPPING
My Account
$0.00
View cart
My Account
Close
Shopping Cart
0 Items
Subtotal: $0
Continue Shopping
Checkout »
SHOP BY DEPARTMENT
Shooting Gear & Accessories
Shooting Gear & Accessories
Shooting Gloves
Slings
Stools & Range Carts
Hearing & Eye Protection
Shooting Mats & Kneeling Rolls
Gun Cases
Snap Caps/Training
Ammo Boxes/Ammo Cans
Chronographs
Wind Meters/Wind Charts
Shooting Rests/Bipods/SandBags
Safety Devices
Data Books
Cheek Rests
SHOP ALL Shooting Gear & Accessories
Ammunition
Ammunition
Rifle Ammunition
Handgun Ammunition
Rimfire Ammunition
Pellets
SHOP ALL Ammunition
Reloading
Reloading
Case Preparation
Case Trimming
Case Annealing
Primer Sealer
Primer Pocket Tools
Loading Blocks
Case Neck Reamers
Bullet Pullers
Chamfer and Deburring
Neck Turning
Reloading Dies and Bushings
Case Cleaning
Powder Measuring
Reloading Presses
Priming Tools
Measuring Tools
Shell Holders
Meplat Uniforming
Case Lube
Components
Bullets
Brass
SHOP ALL Reloading
Firearm Parts & Tools
Firearm Parts & Tools
AR 15
M1A - M1
Sights
Triggers
Rifle Stocks
Magazines
Gunsmithing Tools
Barrels
SHOP ALL Firearm Parts & Tools
Cleaning & Maintenance
Cleaning & Maintenance
Bore Brushes/Mops/Jags/Loops
Patches
Cleaning Rods & Accessories
Solvents/Lubricants
Rod Guides/Bore Guides
Action Cleaning
Cleaning Kits
Cleaning Accessories
Cleaning Cradles
AR-15/AR-10 Cleaning
SHOP ALL Cleaning & Maintenance
Creedmoor Shooting Coats
Creedmoor Shooting Coats
Deluxe Hardback Coats
Shooting Coats
Coat Accessories
SHOP ALL Creedmoor Shooting Coats
Shooting Apparel
Shooting Apparel
Shooting Coats
Sweaters
Trousers
Footwear
Shooting Headwear
Shooting Gloves
Apparel Accessories
SHOP ALL Shooting Apparel
Firearms
Firearms
Shop Clearance
Centerfire Rifles
Smallbore Rifles/Pistols
AR Upper Receivers
AR Lower Receivers
SHOP ALL Firearms
JROTC Equipment
JROTC Equipment
Sporter and Precision Rifles
Shooting Gloves
Shooting Clothing
Air Gun Range
Air Rifle Cleaning
Sights and Accessories
Scopes and Stands
Tank Filling
Air Rifle Accessories
Targets and Scoring
Air Rifle Slings
Pellets for JROTC
Kneeling Rolls
Prone Mats
Offhand Stands
Educational Books
SHOP ALL JROTC Equipment
Air Rifle
Air Rifle
Air Rifles
Creedmoor Portable Air Gun Range
Pellets
Shooting Frames
Slings
Sights & Accessories
Riser Blocks
Sights
Irises/Apertures
Forend Riser
Buttplates/Carrier
Cleaning
Tank Filling
Shooting Clothing
Range Supplies
Mats
Kneeling Rolls
Targets
Offhand/Scope Stands
Handstops/Swivel
SHOP ALL Air Rifle
Smallbore
Smallbore
Smallbore Rifles
Rimfire Ammo
Shooting Frames
Slings
Handstops/Swivel
Forend Riser
Buttplates/Carrier
Cleaning
Shooting Clothing
Range Supplies
Mats
Kneeling Rolls
Targets
Offhand/Scope Stands
Sights & Accessories
Riser Blocks
Sights
Irises/Apertures
SHOP ALL Smallbore
Everything Optic
Everything Optic
Spotting Scopes
Scope Stands & Stand Accessories
Sights & Sight Accessories
Rifle Scopes
Scope Mounts
Scope Accessories
SHOP ALL Everything Optic
Range Supplies
Range Supplies
Targets
Pasters/Spotters
Scoring Devices
Wind Flags
SHOP ALL Range Supplies
Books/Videos
Books/Videos
Books
Video/Audio
SHOP ALL Books/Videos
Gifts
Gifts
SHOP ALL Gifts
See All Depts
NEW ITEMS
HOLIDAY SALE
BARGAIN BUNKER
BRANDS
InfoZone
GIFT CERTIFICATES
Home/privacy
Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy!
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.creedmoorsports.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-800-273-3366 or via email at shoot@creedmoorsports.com.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Follow us
Subscribe to our Email Newsletter