http://www.reprografia.com/privacy-policy
Need COVID Resources and Services? We've got you covered!
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of each of our web pages and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Thomas Printworks website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Your Name
Company Address
Facsimile Number
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Company's Thomas Printworks Account Number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you submit a job online and want it shipped to a third party, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Contact Name
Company Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. If you have consented to receiving e-mails regarding special offers from Thomas Printworks, we will add your e-mail address to our mailing list. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are never shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive mailings from us or updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless indicate you would like to receive such information. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website.
We do track how many people visit our website, and we may track their progress from page to page. However, this information is used only to improve our website and will never be shared with third parties.
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by using our online form or telephoning us at 713-621-0022. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 713-621-0022 or send us an e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
We appreciateyour feedback
© 2020 Thomas Reprographics, Inc. All rights reserved.   |   Terms of Use   |   Privacy Policy