http://www.nrfsp.com/conditions-of-use/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to contentYou are here: Home / Conditions of Use
By visiting our site you agree to the following conditions:
The National Registry of Food Safety Professionals (NRFSP) website has been made available to you subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below (the “Conditions of Use”). Please read this document carefully before agreeing to be bound by the Conditions of Use. If you do not wish to be bound by the Conditions of Use, you may not access or use this website.
Modification of these Conditions of Use
NRFSP reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of such changes. Your continued access of this website shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the modified agreement. You are therefore responsible for regularly reviewing these Conditions of Use and additional terms or notices posted on the NRFSP website.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the NRFSP website, to understand our practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information.
Electronic Communications
When you visit NRFSP or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically, and therefore you are consenting to receive communications from us electronically or by other means available. We will communicate with you electronically, by telephone, or by facsimile. It is also understood that all agreements, disclosures, notices, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Copyright and Licenses
The entire contents of this website, including but not limited to: text, graphics, logos, button icons, Flash movies, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, are the property of NRFSP, its collaborators, or its clients and are protected by domestic and international copyright and trademark laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any portion of the website contents without the prior expressed written consent of NRFSP. You may print or download portions of the materials from various areas of this website solely for your own non-commercial use provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the materials.
Start Chat