http://www.goodcook.com/ccpa-policy/
Free Recipes! Enter Email
About us
Recipes
Salads
Side Dishes
Appetizers
Bread
Breakfast
Desserts
Main Dishes
Beverages
Slow Cooker
Lunch
Dinner
Holiday
PRODUCTS
GADGETS
TOOLS
BAKEWARE
COOKWARE
VIDEOS
MEAL PREP
Meet Our Ambassadors
Festive Holiday Cheese Plate
Though anticipation of the holiday season is often sweet, when it finally arrives, December so often comes with stress. Between present-hunting, gift wrapping and holiday parties, there's never enough time to live up to those best laid intentions.
To help you survive ...
Winter Fruit Sangria
We heart easy entertaining, and red wine sangria is an effortless way to spread good party cheer. Dressed with sliced fruit and vibrant berries, a pitcher of sangria makes an impressive display on a bar cart or side table. Get ...
Perfect No-Puff Sugar Cookies
Want to get that gorgeous, professional look to your sugar cookies? Then, you're going to need this recipe! A simple, 5-ingredient dough that bakes up without losing shape, you can use cutters of any size to create beautiful cookies that ...
BRADSHAW HOME PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Effective Date: [4/1/20]
[Last Reviewed on: [4/1/20]]
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (“Privacy Notice”) supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy for Bradshaw Home (collectively, “Bradshaw Home” “we”, “us” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who visit bradshawhome.com, cleanerhomeliving.com, casabella.com, bialetti.us, goodcook.com, infuseclean.com, and our related websites and services (collectively, the “Site” or “Sites”) and applies solely to Site visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”).  We adopt this Privacy Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice.
Information We Collect
Our Sites collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”).  In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Please note that Bradshaw Home only collects sensory data from those consumers who send inventor submissions.  Bradshaw Home does not collect this category of personal information from general Site users.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Please note that Bradshaw Home only collects professional or employment-related information from prospective job applicants and current Bradshaw Home employees.  Bradshaw Home does not collect this category of personal information from general Site users.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Please note that Bradshaw Home only collects non-public education information from prospective job applicants and current Bradshaw Home employees.  Bradshaw Home does not collect this category of personal information from general Site users.
YES
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Sites.
Use of Personal Information
For information generally on how we use your personal information and to which entities, please refer to our Privacy Policy here.
Sharing Personal Information
For information generally on how we share your personal information and to which entities, please refer to our Privacy Policy here.
Disclosure of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category H: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Category J: Non-public education information.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold your personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information.  This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, a list disclosing disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Do Not Sell My Information
We do not sell your personal information.  Please note that distributing your information within our organization across business unites is not considered a sale, nor is providing data to third-parties that does not meet the definition of personal information. The sale of personal information does not include if you direct us to interact with a third-party, any third-party alerts that you have opted out of, the sharing of information is necessary to perform a business purpose and meets the other conditions specified, or the information is transferred as part of an asset in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other change of control of Bradshaw Home.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; and
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, opt out, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us in one of the following ways:
By Mail:
Bradshaw Home
9408 Buffalo Avenue
Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
By Email:
help@bradshawhome.com
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
The effective date of this Privacy Notice is set forth at the top of the Site.  We will notify you of any material change by posting notice on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after the effective date constitutes your acceptance of the amended Privacy Notice.  We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Any amended Privacy Policy supersedes all previous versions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE, YOU MUST STOP USING THE SERVICES AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which we collect and uses your information described int his policy your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
By Mail:
Bradshaw Home
9408 Buffalo Avenue
Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
By Email:
help@bradshawhome.com
Search
Meet Our AmbassadorsVisit our Amazon StoreMeet Our Meal Prep Line
Our Most Popular Ideas Ever
One-Pot Chicken Bacon Alfredo Pa...
How To Make Waffles Without A Wa...
5-Ingredient Creamy Chicken Taco...