http://www.iec.ch/about/privacy/?ref=footer
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy
Privacy notice
General
IEC is committed to protecting your privacy, including that of IEC Members and IEC Affiliates, participants in IEC work, customers, visitors to the IEC websites and subscribers to IEC mailing lists. This privacy notice addresses how IEC processes and safeguards your personal data collected during registration on, or during use of, our websites and IT tools, which are protected either by the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (hereinafter "FADP"; SR 235.1) or the European General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter "GDPR"; EU 2016/679)). IEC has taken appropriate organizational and technical measures (e.g. IT security) to ensure that your personal data is protected.
Please note that IEC might also obtain your personal data from an IEC Member or IEC Affiliate. You agree that IEC may process your personal data so obtained.
For more information, you may contact the IEC CO data protection contact person at IEC Data Protection
Your personal data
In your interactions with IEC, you may be required to provide personal data such as your name and contact details, your professional title, affiliation and role, your payment information and other information that identifies or could identify you. The personal data that you provide will be used only for the purpose of IEC work (i.e. standardization and related activities) pursuant to Article 2 of IEC Statutes or for any other purpose to which you consent at the point of collection (the "Purpose").
The main object of processing your personal data is to fulfil the Purpose of IEC.
This privacy notice applies to the personal data you provide IEC in the following situations:
your participation in IEC work, for which your agreement to the Declaration on copyright and data protection for participants in IEC work is required;
your creation of an IEC Webstore account, and any subsequent use of your account, including for purchases;
your use of IEC websites and other IEC IT tools;
your subscriptions to IEC mailing lists; and
any other interaction with IEC when you have agreed to the application of this privacy notice.
This Privacy notice also applies to your personal data that IEC has obtained directly or from its IEC Members and/or IEC Affiliates for fulfilment of the Purpose.
If required to do so by law or to respond to any legal claims, we may disclose your personal data to the relevant regulatory or legal authority.
Retention of personal data
IEC only processes personal data until the Purpose, for which it was collected, is fulfilled, or as required by law. If you have opened an account with IEC, IEC will store the data you provided for an unlimited period of time. However, you can request the deletion of your account at any time.
Your rights
In addition to understanding if and how IEC processes your personal data and your right to withdraw your agreement to that processing, you can request access to, correction of, and deletion of your personal data at any time. You can also request that your personal data be provided to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Requests for deletion will be considered in light of IEC tax, auditing, contractual and other obligations under applicable laws, including in Switzerland, as well as IEC legitimate interests or business requirements in preserving past contributions to IEC work.
How to withdraw your agreement to this privacy notice:
if you are a participant in IEC work, please contact your IEC Member or Affiliate to which you gave your personal data or the IEC CO data protection contact person at IEC Data Protection;
if you hold an account for the IEC Webstore, you can directly update the personal data in your account (see Webstore below for more details about how to control your personal data);
if you are visiting IEC websites, you can control your acceptance of cookies (including deleting them) by changing your browser settings (see Use of cookies below for more details about how to control your personal data); and
if you have subscriptions to IEC mailing lists, you can unsubscribe at any time (see Third parties below for more information about how we ensure successful subscription campaigns.)
You have the right to object to the processing and request a response. If you disagree with our response to your request, you have the right to file a complaint with a competent supervisory authority.
If you suspect a personal data breach, please contact the IEC CO data protection contact person at IEC Data Protection immediately.
International data transfer
IEC is an international organisation with IEC Members and IEC Affiliates worldwide. In order to provide you the best service possible for the Purpose, IEC, IEC Members and/or IEC Affiliates may transfer and process your personal data (i) out of Switzerland to other countries of IEC Members and/or IEC Affiliates, or (ii) out of your country of origin or other countries of IEC Members and/or IEC Affiliates to Switzerland or other countries of IEC Members and/or IEC Affiliates. You will find the IEC country lists online: IEC Members and IEC Affiliates. As controllers, IEC, IEC Members and/or IEC Affiliates may also process your personal data for their own IEC purpose.
Third parties
In order to provide you the best service possible, IEC may also transfer your personal data to third parties that provide back office applications for IEC websites, your accounts and subscriptions, and other IT tools. Third parties are bound by contractual agreements to keep your data private and secure. The third parties may process personal data abroad, i.e. in European or non-European countries. Third parties will only use personal data according to the law (FADP and/or GDPR) and exclusively for the Purpose or in your interest.
IEC has engaged third parties for international cloud services, for analytics and statistics, for desktop services, and for relationship building.
For subscriptions to IEC mailing lists, we use a service provider to help us track subscriber engagement within specific campaigns.
From time to time, we may ask our website visitors to answer survey questions about IEC websites, our products or categories of products. These surveys do not request any personally identifiable data from you but you may provide them voluntarily.
Use of cookies and analytical services
IEC uses software to monitor its websites and IT tools for operational purposes. We use cookies to help us understand how you engage with our websites and IT tools so that we can improve them. Our analytics providers collect information anonymously and allow us to look at trends without identifying individual users. None of the information we collect could be used to personally identify you or for advertising or other commercial purposes. Nevertheless, you can choose to change your browser settings to reject or delete any cookies. We use cookies that are essential to the operation of our services or to provide you with a better experience. Deactivating them may affect the functionality you enjoy on our websites and IT tools. We do not use them for advertising or other commercial purposes.
We use the following list of cookies:
user-input cookies (session-id) such as first-party cookies to keep track of your input when filling online forms, shopping carts, etc.;
authentication cookies, to identify you once you have logged in, for the duration of a session;
user-centric security cookies, used to detect authentication abuses, for a limited persistent duration;
multimedia content player cookies, used to store technical data to play back video or audio content, for the duration of a session;
load-balancing cookies, for the duration of session;
user-interface customization cookies such as language or font preferences, for the duration of a session (or slightly longer); and
anonymous first-party cookies to report on user interactions with our websites.
In addition to our use of cookies, IEC websites contain links to other sites. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of those sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policies. IEC is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites including SNS provider sites. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy policies of any other sites which you visit.
Furthermore, IEC collects your usage data when you access IEC websites. This data includes, for example, information about which browser you are using, when you accessed IEC websites, which operating system you use, etc. This data is stored together with the IP address of the device you are using to access IEC websites. They serve to optimize IEC websites and to personalize your user experience. IEC only evaluates usage data anonymously.
Inclusion of third party elements
Our websites include embedded content from various third parties. If you are signed into a third party’s account at the time of your visit to IEC websites, your personal data, in particular your IP address, is automatically collected by these third parties. Please note that the information regarding the purpose and scope of data processing by such third parties, as well as your rights and setting options, is provided by such third parties.
Legal bases of processing
The legal justification, upon which we base our processing of personal data, is stipulated in article 13(2)(a) FADP (processing directly related to the conclusion, or the settlement, of a contract); corresponding to article 6(1)(b) GDPR; and article 13(1) FADP (consent of the data subject or obligation to process by law) corresponding to article 6(1)(a) GDPR, as well as article 6(1)(c) GDPR.
We reserve the right to store your first name and surname, postal address, and e-mail address pursuant to article 13(1) FADP (corresponding to article 6(1)(f) GDPR) if, based on misuse, non-payment or similar legitimate reasons, we refuse to conclude any future contracts with you.
Furthermore, IEC Members and IEC Affiliates may also process personal data pursuant to article 13(1) FADP (corresponding to article 6(1)(a), (c) and (f) GDPR).
Webstore
You can consult, update and correct the personal data that you have provided directly through your IEC Webstore account. Alternatively, you can send an email to IEC Customer Service, including if you wish to close your account.
Revisions
If any provision of this privacy notice is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will in no way be affected or impaired as long as the Purpose of IEC can be preserved.
IEC reserves the right to change or modify this privacy notice at any time. If we revise our privacy notice, we will post the changes on the website to ensure transparency.
Governing law and place of jurisdiction
Any dispute arising in connection with this privacy notice shall be governed by Swiss law to the exclusion of its choice of law provisions, unless the GDPR or the applicable law of another country applies mandatorily. The exclusive place of jurisdiction shall be Geneva, Switzerland.