https://www.tuthillplastics.com/index.cfm/legal/cookies/
Use of Cookies - Plastics
Plastics Custom Injection Molding
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
Markets
Automotive
Defense
Electrical/Electronics
Firearms
Fluid Handling
Industrial Equipment
Medical
Literature
Capabilities Overview
Plastics for Firearms
Plastics for Medical
About Us
News and Events
Our History
The Tuthill Journey
Terms of Sale
Careers
Contact Us
Our Location
Technical/Sales Support
Use of Cookies
Copyright Notice
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Purchase
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive cookies on this website. However, if you would like to you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Read our privacy and cookies policy or find out more about cookies, and how you can manage them across all sites at the following link:  https://www.tuthill.com/index.cfm/index.cfm/legal/privacy-policy/
Tuthill Clearwater
2050 Sunnydale Blvd.
Clearwater, FL 33765
USA
Phone: 1-727-446-8593
Fax: 1-727-446-8595
Tuthill Websites
Tuthill Ft. Wayne Fill-Rite
Tuthill Ft. Wayne Sotera
Tuthill Alsip
Tuthill Springfield
Tuthill Clearwater
Other Products
Pumps
Meters
Vacuum Pumps
Blowers
Contact Us
Product Information
Placing an Order
Questions About Existing Orders
Locations
Legal
Copyright Notice
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Purchase
Terms of Sale
Use of Cookies
Social Media
This site uses cookies to analyze your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts, share content on social media, improve your experience, and give you the ability to provide feedback. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms and Conditions.
I Agree