http://www.supreme-group.net/privacy
Privacy | Supreme Group
Jump to Navigation
Search form
Search
Supreme US
Who We AreCompany History
Vision, Mission, Values
Ethics
ServicesProcurementQHSE Standards
TransportationAviation
Ground Transportation
StorageFood / Dry Goods
Fuel Storage
Technology
Site ServicesCatering
Facilities
Retail
Hotels
Construction
Technical Services
Areas of ExpertiseFuel Supply Solutions
Food Supply Solutions
MRO Logistics
Corporate SustainabilityEnvironment
Health & Safety
Local Investment
Supreme Foundation
Contact Us
Home > Privacy
Privacy
Body:  Supreme Group Website Privacy statementSupreme Group values its visitors’ privacy. This privacy policy is effective January 1, 2013; it summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will not do with it.
Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that Supreme Group does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by Supreme Group. If you visit a Web site that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.
What we do with your personally identifiable information It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us. “Personally identifiable information” means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as, for example: • your name, company, email address, phone number, and address • your computer’s domain name and IP address, indicating where your computer is located on the Internet • session data for your login session, so that our computer can ‘talk’ to yours while you are visiting our site.
If you do provide personally identifiable information to us, we will: • not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission  • take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction; • not use or disclose the information.
Other information we collect We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such as (for example) the domain name and IP address of your computer. We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of our Web site(s); research and development; customer- and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing efforts more precisely.
Cookies Supreme Group uses “cookies” to store personal data on your computer. We may also link information stored on your computer in cookies with personal data about specific individuals stored on our servers. If you set up your Web browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Firefox) so that cookies are not allowed, you might not be able to use some or all of the features of our Web site(s).
External data storage sites We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this privacy policy We reserve the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary or appropriate because of legal compliance requirements or changes in our business practices. If you have provided us with an email address, we will endeavor to notify you, by email to that address, of any material change to how we will use personally identifiable information.
Questions or comments? If you have questions or comments about Supreme Group‘s privacy policy, send email to info (at) supreme-group.net
Proven Experience
“Why Supreme? It’s a company with a fascinating story and enormous potential.”
Print Page Share
Connect With Supreme Supply Unchained
COPYRIGHT 2013 SUPREME GROUP      PRIVACY / SITE MAP