https://www.doctordisability.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
At Doctor Disability Insurance, we take your privacy very seriously.DoctorDisability provides you with tools and information to help you shop online for Disability insurance products. Most of this information is available to you without the need to disclose any personally identifiable information. The information we receive is used to provide you with a quote or application for insurance coverage. The insurance company uses the information to determine the insurability of each applicant. As you provide any personally identifiable information to us, we want you to understand the following:Why We Collect Your InformationWe collect your information to prepare insurance quotes, to complete the application process online, and to contact you during the application process.How We Use Your InformationInsurance Quote Form: Our site features a brief form you complete to receive quotes from various insurance companies. If you provide contact information such as your email or phone number, we view this as your express invitation that we contact you about insurance even if you are on the state or federal “Do not Call” list.When you buy a policy through DoctorDisability, we act as agent for the insurance company to which the application is sent. We provide customer information as required to process the application and service the policy, and we may use such information to offer other products or services to our customers. Except for these purposes, or as required or permitted by law, we do not disclose customer information.How insurance carriers use your information – Eventually, we’ll submit all information we gather during the application process to the insurance company you selected. Insurance companies use personally identifiable information to determine your final insurance eligibility and rates. Insurance underwriting criteria may vary for each participating insurance company, and each company may place different emphasis on different information on your application.Cookies – A cookie is a small text file saved on your computer’s hard drive and stored in memory while your browser is running. Cookies make it easier for a user to navigate the Web, and to complete transactions over the Internet. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. DoctorDisability may contract with certain partners that utilize ad-serving technology. To gauge the effectiveness of advertisements, a campaign number is assigned to the vendor for which you came to visit our site. This will remain on your URL when you return to our site.How We Communicate With YouContact by telephone to verify information and to assist you with your insurance application request or policy.Contact by email to verify information, to assist you with your insurance application request or policy, to conduct surveys, and to provide you with additional insurance information, service announcements, special offers or other money saving opportunities.Choices You Have Regarding Your InformationQuote Request Form – Your decision to provide personal contact information is strictly voluntary and will not prevent you from receiving a quote for disability insurance. You may call us TOLL FREE at 866-899-7318, and we will be happy to quote insurance rates by telephone.Email Notifications- DoctorDisability may use information gathered from the site in order for DoctorDisability to send relevant offers we believe would be of interest to you. If you wish to opt-out from receiving any special offers from DoctorDisability please click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any such email and you will immediately be removed from our mailing list.Cookies – You may elect to disable cookies in your browser. Please refer to your computer or operating system user manual for information on how to disable cookies.Information ReleaseUnless you give us permission to do so, or unless law requires us, we do not willfully use or disclose personally identifiable information to third parties, other than as necessary to facilitate the process of obtaining insurance for you.Changes to DoctorDisability’s Privacy Policy:We reserve the right to change our privacy policy, and if so, we will post these changes to this privacy statement and to other relevant places on our site so that visitors are aware of the change. We encourage you to check this posted privacy statement for updates.DoctorDisability’s Marketing PracticesDoctorDisability works with advertising companies and other marketers to promote our service. We take every possible step to insure that every company advertising for us is doing so on a legal and ethical basis. We do not participate or tolerate any SPAM or Unsolicited Emailing of any kind. We have a ZERO tolerance policy for SPAM and unethical marketing practices. Before working with any advertiser we take every possible step to make sure their email lists have all been generated by people opting in to receive their offer and that they maintain a “Remove List”. If you believe that you have received one of our emails and you did not “Opt In” to receive the company’s offers then please forward the email to info@DoctorDisability.com and we will take immediate action to resolve the matter.
Primary SidebarWe’re Here To Help!
(866) 899-7318
Contact us online.
Start Your Free Quote
Compare prices from the best disability insurance companies.
Join over 20,000 physicians & dentists.
Get Free Quotes!
Testimonials
“I can see why so many of my colleagues sing their praises. Thanks for making a potentially confusing decision so simple and easy!”
– Anna C., Emergency Medicine Physician
“Excellent service. They were thorough, professional, and took their time to explain the details and pros and cons of the available options. I will recommend to physician colleagues!”
– Charles K., Gastroenterologist
“I started using Doctor Disability for my life insurance and had such a great experience that I decided to return for disability insurance.  I highly recommend Doctor Disability to my fellow colleagues when they need insurance coverage.”
– Ricardo C., Family Medicine Physician
“Doctor Disability was great! They provided excellent customer service, comparison of plans, and explanations of terminology that was very useful in making my decision. I will definitely recommend to colleagues.”
– Heather W., Urologist
Explore
Physicians_Disability_Insurance_Guide
27 Frequently Asked Questions
11 Disability Insurance Shopping Tips
Common Causes of Disability
Glossary of Disability Terms