https://www.fruit.com/customer-service/privacy-security/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED:
January 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Fruit of the Loom, Inc. (“Fruit of the Loom”) handles and secures information we learn about you through our websites (“Sites”) and offline.
Unless otherwise provided herein, “Fruit of the Loom,” “we,” “us” and “our” shall mean and include Fruit of the Loom, Inc., and its direct and indirect subsidiary companies, including, without limitation, Union Underwear Company, Inc. d/b/a Fruit of the Loom, Russell Brands, LLC, and Vanity Fair Brands, LP (collectively, “Affiliates”).
For the purposes of this Policy, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household.
Please read this Policy carefully.
We take your privacy seriously and want to ensure that users of our Sites understand our Policy.
If you have questions or wish to contact us about this Policy, please direct inquiries to DataPrivacy@fotlinc.com or call 800-334-9111.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
1) In the last 12 months, Fruit of the Loom has collected the following categories of Personal Information through our Sites and offline:
Identifiers, including: full name, address, email address, telephone number, birth date, gender, and password used to access features on our Sites.
Payment Information, including: payment method, credit card number, CVV / CID, expiration date, billing address.
Product Information, including: product name, size, quantity, item number, serial number, color, and product reviews.
Commercial Information, including: products purchased, shipping method for purchased products, products you are considering purchasing that are placed in your “Wishlist” or your virtual shopping cart on our Sites, information about products that you have returned, marketing preferences including email marketing preferences.
Professional Information, including employer name.
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, including: pages visited, links clicked and browsing behavior on our Sites, Internet Protocol (IP) address, Internet service provider information, operating system; referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, and mobile device information.
Inferences, drawn from the categories of Personal Information listed above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences including preferred sizes and clothing styles.
2) Purposes For Using Personal Information Collected:
In the last 12 months, Fruit of the Loom used the categories of Personal Information listed above for the following purposes:
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose For Which Information Is Used
Identifiers
Payment Information
Product Information
Commercial Information
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Inferences drawn from the categories of Personal Information listed above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences
To Operate our Sites, and Sell and Promote our Products
Identifiers
Professional Information
Commercial Information
Product Information
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Inferences drawn from the categories of Personal Information listed above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences
To Communicate with Current and Prospective Customers About our Products, Promotions, and Their Site Accounts
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Payment Information
To Protect Against Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or Illegal Activity
Identifiers
Product Information
Commercial Information
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
To Audit Fruit of the Loom’s Customer Interactions, Transactions, and Legal Compliance
Identifiers
Product Information
Commercial Information
To Identify Issues With and Improve Fruit of the Loom’s Existing Products, and Develop new Products
Commercial Information
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Product Information
To Undertake Internal Research For Technological Development and Demonstration
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Product Information
To Undertake Activities to Verify Or Maintain the Quality of our Products, and to Improve, Upgrade, or Enhance our Products
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
To Identify And Repair Errors That Impair The Functionality of Our Sites
3) Sources Of Personal Information Collected: In the last 12 months, Fruit of the Loom collected the following categories of Personal Information from the following sources:
Directly From Consumers:
-(a) Identifiers; (b) Commercial Information; (c) Payment Information; (d) Product Information; (e) Professional Information; (f) Inferences drawn from the aforementioned categories of Personal Information provided by the consumer.
Through Our Sites:
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.
4) Disclosure Of Personal Information To Third Parties: In the last 12 months, Fruit of the Loom disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties for a business or commercial purpose:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Party
Identifiers
Professional Information
Service Providers, including providers of the Sites, e-commerce vendors, cloud storage providers, and shipping vendors (FedEx, UPS, USPS)
Government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation
Payment Information
E-commerce vendors, and providers of the Company’s customer relationship management software
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Service Providers, including providers of our Sites, and data analytics providers
Commercial Information
Service Providers, including providers of our Sites, cloud storage providers, providers of the Company’s customer relationship management software, providers of data analytics services, and e-commerce vendors
Product Information
Service Providers, including providers of our Sites, cloud storage providers, providers of data analytics services, and e-commerce vendors
Government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation
5) No Sale Of Personal Information
Fruit of the Loom does not and will not sell your Personal Information.
California Privacy Rights
If you reside in the State of California and use our Sites or provide Personal Information to us offline (“California Consumers”) you have the following rights:
Right to Know
California Consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request to know:
The categories and specific pieces of Personal Information that Fruit of the Loom has collected about them;
The categories of sources from which Fruit of the Loom collected the Personal Information;
The categories of Personal Information that Fruit of the Loom sold or disclosed to a third party (other than a service provider) for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information; and
The business or commercial purposes for Fruit of the Loom’s collection, disclosure, or sale of the Personal Information.
Right to Delete
California Consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request for deletion of their Personal Information that Fruit of the Loom has collected from the Consumer.
Making Requests To Know Or For Deletion
Fruit of the Loom will respond to requests in accordance with applicable law if it can verify the identity of the individual submitting the request. California Consumers can exercise their rights in the following ways:
Complete an online privacy request form at this link: CCPA Request Form
Send email to DataPrivacy@fotlinc.com
Contact 800-334-9111.
How We Will Verify Your Request
We follow the processes described below to verify the person making a request to know or a request to delete is the person about whom we have collected personal information.
The verification process that we follow will depend on the nature of your request as described below.
Requests To Know Categories Of Personal Information:
We will match at least two data points that you provide against your Personal Information we already have in our records and that we have determined to be reliable for purposes of verifying your identity.
Examples of relevant data points include your mobile phone number, your zip code, or information about products that you have purchased from us.
Requests To Know Specific Pieces Of Personal Information: We will match at least three data points that you provide against your Personal Information that we already have in our records and that we have determined to be reliable for purposes of verifying your identity.
Requests To Delete Personal Information: Our process for verifying your identity will depend on the sensitivity (as determined by Fruit of the Loom) of the personal information that you ask us to delete.
For less sensitive personal information, we will require a match of two data points as described in Point No. 1, above.
For more sensitive personal information, we will require a match of three data points as described in Point No. 2, above.
We have implemented the following additional procedures when verifying the identity of requestors:
If we cannot verify your identity based on the processes described above, we may ask you for additional verification information.
If we do so, we will permanently delete the verification information that you provide promptly after we have completed the verification process. We will not use that information for any purpose other than verification.
If we cannot verify your identity to a sufficient level of certainty to respond to your request, we will let you know promptly and explain why we cannot verify your identity.
Fruit of the Loom’s Non-Discrimination Policy
California Consumers have the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment by Fruit of the Loom for exercising their privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and Fruit of the Loom will not discriminate on that basis. However, Fruit of the Loom may charge a California Consumer a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods if the difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the California Consumer by the Consumer’s Personal Information.
If Fruit of the Loom does so, it will provide Consumers with any legally required notice.
Authorized Agents
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your right to know or your right to delete by submitting to us a completed “Authorized Agent Designation” form.
You can obtain the designation form by contacting us at DataPrivacy@fotlinc.com
If an authorized agent submits a request to know or a request to delete on your behalf, the authorized agent must submit with the request either (a) a power of attorney that is valid under California law, or (b) a document signed by you that authorizes the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf.
In addition, we may ask you to follow the applicable process described above for verifying your identity.
Right to Information About Disclosures of Personal Information for Direct Marketing Purposes
Under California law, California Consumers can request information from us whether we have disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
We will not sell your Personal Information to, or share it with, third-party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. California Consumers desiring to request further information about our compliance with these laws or who have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies are welcome to contact us using the contact information below.
Your ‘Do Not Track’ Browser Setting
We do not honor Do Not Track requests; however, certain third party companies that assist us with website analytics may do so.
We do not engage in the collection of Personal Information about your online activities over time across third-party websites or online services.
We do not permit third parties to collect Personal Information about you over time and across third-party websites when you use our Sites.
Children’s Privacy
We take the privacy of children seriously.
Our Sites are not directed at children under the age of 16.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of sixteen (16), you are not permitted to use our Sites and should not send any information about yourself to us through our Sites. Please contact us using the contact details below if you believe we may have collected information from your child under the age of sixteen (16), and we will work to delete it.
Cookies
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies or pixel tags on our Sites.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes.
We may link the information we store in cookies to your personal information in order to provide a faster and more pleasant online shopping experience.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Sites.
We use session cookies to record session information, such as which web pages a user has visited, and to track user activity on the Sites.
Session cookies expire when you close your browser.
We use persistent cookies to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Sites.
Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time.
You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your browser’s “help” file.
By using our Sites, you consent to our use of tracking technologies as described above.
Links to Third Party Sites
From time to time, our Sites may link you to other sites (“Linked Sites”) that are not owned by us.
We do not control the collection or use of any information, including Personal Information that occurs during your visit to the Linked Sites.
Further, we make no representations about the privacy policies or practices of the Linked Sites, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Linked Sites.
For example, if you click on a link to Facebook from our Sites, your activities on the Facebook site are governed by Facebook’s policy, not ours.
Be careful of disclosing any of your Personal Information when leaving our Sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects Personal Information.
Third Party Advertising-Related Vendors
We work with third party companies to assist us with website analytics, such as evaluating the use and operation of our Sites so that we can continue to enhance the Sites and the information contained within.
Please note that our online and email advertising-related vendors, including but not limited to, Facebook, Google, and Twitter, may use pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, or other similar technologies in connection with the Sites to help manage our online and email advertising campaigns and strengthen the effectiveness of such campaigns.
For example, if a vendor has placed a unique cookie on your computer, the vendor may use pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar technologies to recognize the cookie during your visit to the Sites and to learn which of our online advertisements may have brought you to our Sites, and the vendor may provide us with such other information for our use.
We may use third-party advertising companies to target advertisements to you on our Sites, across the web, on your mobile device and on any of your other devices, based on the personal and other information we have collected from and about you, as well as information relating to your and other users’ visits to this and other websites and online services.
To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags) or recognize an identifier associated with your mobile device.
These companies may also use these technologies, along with Personal Information and other information they or we collect on the different devices you use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer.
If you would like more information about these practices, go to www.aboutads.info.
To learn about your choices in connection with these practices on the particular device on which you are accessing this policy, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/ to opt out of tracking and targeted advertising using cookies or similar technology.
You may download the AppChoices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in mobile apps.
You may also click on the informational icon contained within each interest-based ad.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, and to guard that information against loss, misuse or alteration.
When you enter Personal Information on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Other than the verification process prompted by your request, we do not send e-mails asking you to provide or confirm Personal Information.
If you receive such an e-mail, please forward it to DataPrivacy@fotlinc.com immediately and then delete it.
Please note, however, that no usage or method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Therefore, while we use commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Information, we are mindful of the pervasiveness and dangers of spyware, adware, and other threats, so cannot guarantee the absolute security of Personal Information.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion and at any time, to amend this Policy.
Please check this page periodically for changes.
Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean that you accept those changes.