http://www.worldwidestarsearch.com/policy
Policy | WWSS
HOME|
Login|
About|
FAQ|
contact us
Register|
Testimonials|
Casting calls|
LIVE Event|
VIP List|
VIP Login
EnglishKoreanChinese
4/27/19 Korea alumni Yubin to join new SBS Korean drama!
Check it out! https://bit.ly/2YqQs3A
4/15/19 LA alumni Samuel in Rolling Stone!
Check it out! https://bit.ly/2v6jg4P
2/21/19 TX alumni Jenna travels to Miami for Pride Fashion show
Check it out! https://bit.ly/2IvRfxb
2/14/19 Dissolved on Amazon Prime!
A Valentine gift for WI alum Jon as his debut film gets to Amazon Prime!
2/7/19 Wonder Girls Yubin broadcasting on Vlive
Check back to see who will be joining us!
1/22/19 TX alumni Sri books print job for Basaglar!
Sri just booked this great job from his agent Central Artists Talent
My experience at the World Wide Star Search was just beyond amazing...
K-POP star from the world famous “Wonder Girls” YooBin got her start on WWSS. A VIP member scouted her and she auditioned for the live event. Her success at the showcase led to bigger opportunities ultimately landing her a spot in the famous pop group
Don't give up on your dreams, small steps can lead to BIG things!
I have always wanted to pursue my dreams of being a performer but my finances and location limited my opportunities. I stumbled on to the site and felt I had nothing to lose for $10.
I am not joking when I say this site changed my life! ...
This event was everything I wanted it to be and more!
The information and insight you gain from listening to industry professionals is so valuable and worth while. You will learn, grow, and gain the best feedback from this showcase.
It was an amazing weekend, learning more about the craft of acting
The ability to connect with industry VIPs and fellow actors was an invaluable experience. I had the opportunity to receive feedback on my performances and will take this feedback and continue to shine and grow as a performer. This was a life altering weekend!
Worldwide Star Search Showcase was one of the greatest experiences I've had!
The ability to connect with industry VIPs and fellow actors was an invaluable experience. I had the opportunity to receive feedback on my performances and will take this feedback and continue to shine and grow as a performer. This was a life altering weekend!
Terms of Use
This Membership and Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") will detail the membership terms between you and WWSS ("WWSS"), with respect to your use of the worldwidestarsearch.com service (the "Service").
Please read the Terms of Use carefully. The Terms of Use include our policy for acceptable use of the Service and content, as well as your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the Service. We grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to access the Service for your own personal use, subject to the Terms of Use. Use of the Service beyond the scope of authorized access granted to you terminates this permission.
By accessing the Service, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following Membership Agreement, Terms of Use Agreement and our Privacy Policy. You are only authorized to use the Service if you agree to abide by the Terms of Use and all applicable laws. If you do NOT accept the Membership Agreement, Terms of Use Agreement and Privacy Policy, then please discontinue your use of the Site and the Service.
We may modify the Terms of Use from time to time and each modification will be effective upon posting on the Site, which serves as notice to you. The Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement regarding your use of the Site or the Service and supersede any such prior Terms of Use. We will attempt to notify all members of changes to these Terms of Use but are not obligated to do so, as it is important that you review the Terms of Use regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes made. When changes are made, we will indicate at the bottom of this page the date that revisions were made.
By registering as a talent or VIP for the service, you agree to the following:
The Service is an Internet website which provides a talent gallery, talent profile and administrative functions to facilitate and promote model, talent and variety performers’ careers, and includes all products and services which are described on the WWSS website or which WWSS otherwise agrees to provide to you. Your profile provides you with the details of all agency or client inquiries made by you or on your behalf by one of our service representatives and talent advisors per your Membership.
In order to participate in the Service, you must create an account and become a member. All members will create a password and are responsible for maintaining confidentiality of such password. Each member's right to use the Service is personal to the member and members are entirely responsible for any and all activities which occur under their account whether authorized or not authorized. You agree to notify WWSS of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security known or that should be known to you. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your interaction with other members of the Service, and that we have no obligation to monitor or resolve disputes between members of the Service.
You acknowledge that content, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics or other material accessible to you by virtue of membership is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other intellectual property rights and laws. Unless you are expressly authorized to do so, you must not sell, lease, modify, copy, republish, upload, download, post, broadcast, transmit, or distribute in any way content available through the Service, including code and software. You further acknowledge and agree that any information provided by or through WWSS is for information purposes only and is not intended to constitute professional advice.
You understand that all information, data, text, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, software, tags, advertisements or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. Unless you are expressly authorized to do so, you must not sell, lease, modify, copy, republish, upload, download, post, broadcast, transmit, or distribute in any way content available through the Service, including code and software. This means that you, and not WWSS, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service. You further acknowledge and agree that any information provided by or through WWSS is for information purposes only and is not intended to constitute professional advice.
We do not control the Content posted through the Service and, as such, we do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content and disclaim any and all liability in connection with such Content. The opinions expressed in postings or other Content provided through the Service are not necessarily those of WWSS or its owner, content providers, advertisers, sponsors, affiliated or related entities. You understand that by using the Service you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. You understand that we are not obligated to pre-screen, regularly review, monitor, delete or otherwise change the Content associated with the Service. We do, however, reserve the right to do so at any time in our sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, and to delete any Content with or without notice. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available through the Service.
You are solely responsible for the Content you submit or make available for inclusion through the Service and the consequences of posting or publishing it. In connection with Member Content, you represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize WWSS to use all trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all Member Content to enable inclusion and use of the Member Content in the manner intended by the Service and the Terms of Use; you agree that you will not submit Member Content that violates these Terms of Use.  Because WWSS does not permit infringement of intellectual property rights through the Service, we will remove all Member Content if properly notified that such Site Content or Member Content infringes on another's intellectual property rights and at our sole discretion.  WWSS does not endorse any Member Content or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and we expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with Member Content. You agree that you will not submit Member Content that violates the Rules, or material contrary to applicable local, national, and international laws and regulations.
We do not claim ownership rights over your Member Content. However, you grant us the following worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display Member Content through the Service, for the promotion of WWSS as we deem necessary, solely for the purpose for which such Member Content was submitted or made available. You grant WWSS access your Member Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such Member Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under these Terms of Use.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand and agree that once Member Content is incorporated into other aspects of the Service by WWSS and/or its members, WWSS is under no obligation to delete or ask or require other WWSS members to delete that Member Content, and therefore, it may continue to appear and be used through the Service indefinitely pursuant to an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license. You understand and agree that we may retain, but will not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of Member Content that have been removed or deleted.
The content associated with the Service, including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photographs, sounds, music, videos, visual interface, design, computer code, interactive features and the trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos contained therein, except all Member Content, are owned by or licensed to WWSS, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law. Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, WWSS does not grant you any express or implied rights, and all rights in and to the Service or Site Content.
You may access Member Content for your information and personal, non-commercial use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Service. Member Content and Site Content are provided to you "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" for your information and personal, non-commercial use only, to be used solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Service and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners, and it may not be used as prohibited under the Terms of Use.
You may not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Terms of Use and/or any applicable additional terms. Your access to the Service may be terminated immediately, at our sole discretion, with or without notice, if you fail to comply with any provision of the Terms of Use and/or additional terms or for any other reason, or no reason. You expressly agree not to:
Act as an agent, affiliate or representative of the Service and utilize the Service, Member or Site Content for any commercial purpose other than for which the Service is intended without our express written permission,
Access, monitor or copy any content or information of the Service using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission,
Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionate burden on our infrastructure, or
"Frame," "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of the Service into any other website without our prior written permission.
You agree not to use the Service for any commercial use, without the prior written authorization of WWSS. Prohibited commercial uses include any of the following actions taken without our express approval:
Sale of access to the Service on another website,
Use of the Service for the primary purpose of gaining advertising or subscription revenue,
Sale of advertising on the website or any third-party website, targeted specific Member Content or Site Content, and
Use of the Service that we find, in our sole discretion, to use our resources or Member Content with the effect of competing with or displacing the market for the Service.
In addition, the following behaviors or activities are strictly prohibited when using the Service by any member:
Strong, vulgar, obscene or otherwise harmful language,
Racially, ethnically or otherwise, objectionable language,
Harassing, intimidating, stalking or threatening other members,
Libelous, defamatory or otherwise tortious language,
Online vandalism,
Impersonation of another person,
Posting, distributing, transmitting or promoting illegal Content,
Invasion of another's privacy,
Actions that are hurtful to minors,
Posting, providing, transmitting or otherwise making available any materials or information infringing on the rights of a third party,
Posting, providing, transmitting or otherwise making available any junk mail or spam, and
Posting, uploading, emailing or otherwise transmitting any material that contains any malicious computer code, or reverse engineering or hacking any materials associated with the Service.
We maintain a policy of cooperation with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing WWSS to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials. We have the right, but not an obligation, to strictly enforce the Terms of Use through self-help, moderation, active investigation, litigation and prosecution.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable laws, we have adopted a policy of disabling or terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, the account of any member who infringes the intellectual property rights of you, us, or any third party. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please notify us by following our DMCA notification procedure.
This Agreement, which includes the registration form, sets out the terms on which WWSS provides the Service. The current applicable charges for packages are $24.95, $19.95, $9.95 per month and $239.95 annually.  Discounted term packages (12 months) will be charged as recurring charges for the whole term and are non refundable. Paid membership account fees are automatically renewed according to the member's selected renewal options, unless deactivated by the subscribing member. WWSS will automatically charge the membership fee to the credit card, checking account debiting or PayPal account designated by you. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for ensuring that no unauthorized use of your account or PIN occurs and that any risk associated with the transmission of information over the Internet or through the Service is borne by you. You further acknowledge and agree to pay the charges for use of the Service in accordance with the then-current pricing structure and you authorize us to charge such payment method for the appropriate membership fees and amounts stated. Membership fees are charged up-front. WWSS does not provide refunds or credits for any membership fees. Downgrades to a less expensive membership or cancellation of any membership or termination of any membership will not result in any refund or credit of fees already paid. The cancellation or downgrade of a membership will go into effect at the end of the then-current billing cycle. WWSS reserves the right to increase membership fees or to institute new fees at any time upon reasonable notice (a minimum of 30 days) posted in advance on the Site. The act of paying fees does not exclude you from the Terms of Use or the Rules, which must be adhered to by all members. WWSS may, with notice of why and when, suspend the Service or disconnect, deny or restrict your access to the Service: (a) during any technical failure of, modification or maintenance to the Service, but WWSS will use reasonable endeavors to procure the resumption of the Service as soon as reasonably practicable; or (b) if you use the Service in breach of this Agreement until the breach (if capable of remedy) is remedied, or if you do or fail to do anything which in the opinion of WWSS may have the affect of jeopardizing the operation or integrity of the Service or any other service. Despite suspension, disconnection, denial or restriction of the Service under this clause you remain liable for all charges due throughout the period of suspension, disconnection, denial or restriction.  By accessing the Service you are committed to the above terms.
You agree that WWSS, at its sole discretion, has the right, but not the obligation, to delete or deactivate your member account, block your IP address, or otherwise terminate your access to or use of the Service, or any part thereof, immediately and without notice, and remove and delete any Member Content on the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the Terms of Use. You agree to abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws, regulations, ordinances, by-laws and rules and are solely responsible for all acts or omissions that occur under your account name or password, including, without limitation, the content of your transmissions through the Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree not to: A. use the Service in connection with chain letters, junk email, spamming, or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise); B. harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent; C. create a false identity or forged email address or header, or otherwise attempt to mislead others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of a message; D. transmit through the Service unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, offensive or otherwise objectionable material; E. transmit any material that may infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties, including without limitation, trademarks or copyright; F. transmit any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or any other harmful or deleterious programs; G. use the Service to violate any applicable law restricting the export or import of data, software or any other content: H. interfere with or disrupt networks connected to the Service or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; I. gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service, through password mining or by any other means; or J. interfere with another member's use and enjoyment of the Service or another entity's use and enjoyment of similar services. K. use the Service in any unethical manner or contrary to accepted community standards.  Further, you agree that WWSS will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Service. Further, you agree not to attempt to use the Service under any other name or through a third party after your member account has been terminated.
You agree that if you are dissatisfied with the Service, if you do not agree with any part of the Terms of Use, or if you have any other dispute or claim with or against us with respect to the Terms of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Service.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold WWSS, our owner, and each of its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, agents, vendors or other partners, employees and harmless from any claim or demand, including attorneys' fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of any Content, material or information posted, provided, transmitted or otherwise made available by you on or through the Service, by your violation of the Terms of Use, or by your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right.
You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" or "AS AVAILABLE," and that we assume no responsibility for your ability to (or any costs or fees associated with your ability to) obtain access to the Service, nor do we assume any liability for the failure to store or maintain any user communications or personal settings.  No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the Service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms of Use. To the extent permitted by law all terms, warranties, undertakings, inducements and representations. In no event shall WWSS or its owner, or affiliates, be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profit damages, loss of or damage to reputation or loss of information, arising from your use of the Service even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, whether or not caused by any negligent act or omission.  If any legislation implies any term or warranty that cannot be excluded, WWSS sole liability will be, in the case of goods or services, to re-supply the goods or services, or to pay for the cost of having the goods or services re-supplied. To the extent permitted by law, WWSS is not liable for the unavailability of the Service at any time or for any reason, or for any failure of the Service to submit, receive or accept any calls or messages. To the extent permitted by law, WWSS disclaims any warranty in relation to the performance, operation, reliability or availability of the Service. Without limiting the preceding provisions of this clause, WWSS expressly disclaims liability for any loss, damage, costs, expenses and liabilities of whatever nature arising (directly or indirectly) from the use of products proprietary to, or provided by, third parties, or from any recommendation by WWSS that you use or accept such products. WWSS is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any e-mail or redemption to be received by WWSS on account of technical problems or traffic congestion online or on the Internet or at any web site, or any combination thereof including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer related to or resulting from downloading any materials consistent with subsequent use of the Service.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer, exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the foregoing disclaimer, exclusion and limitation may not apply to you, and you may have other legal rights that vary according to jurisdiction. In no event will damages provided by law, if any, apply unless they are required to apply by law, notwithstanding their exclusion by contract.  We disclaim all liability for any loss or damage arising out of your communications or dealings with any of the businesses, advertisers, members or users of the Service. Your communications or dealings with such businesses, advertisers, members and users are solely between you and them, although we reserve the right to monitor disputes between you and them.
If a provision of this Agreement or a right or remedy under it is invalid or unenforceable in a particular jurisdiction: (a) it is to be read down or severed in that jurisdiction only to the extent of the invalidity or unenforceability; and (b) it does not affect the validity or enforceability of that provision in another jurisdiction or the remaining provisions in any jurisdiction.
Our maximum aggregate liability to you for any causes whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action, shall at all times be limited to the greater of (A) the amount paid, if any, by you to us in connection with the Service in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability, or (B) US$100.00. You and WWSS agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
WWSS may immediately terminate this Agreement or the provision of the Service if the Customer's account is inactive for a period of 12 months since the date on which the Customer last used the Service. In addition, WWSS may immediately terminate this Agreements or the provision of the Service if it considers that: (a) you have breached any term of this agreement; (b) you are or may be or likely to become insolvent or bankrupt; (c) an unauthorized person is, or may be using, your account; (d) you do not have any prepaid credit. All outstanding charges will become immediately due and payable to WWSS on giving of notice of termination and in no circumstances shall the member be entitled to any refund of payments.
WWSS is a registered trademark and logo. You agree that all trademarks, including names, service marks, logos and service names are trademarks and the property of WWSS. Without our prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner any WWSS mark. All trademarks included in the Service not owned by WWSS are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on the Service may be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any right or license to use any trademark.
All product and service marks that appear on the WWSS web site that are not WWSS marks are the trademarks of their owners. References to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information do not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party information, product or service.
WWSS may provide links to other websites or resources. Because we have no control over such websites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that WWSS is not responsible for the availability of such external websites and resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such websites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that we will not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
I hereby assign and grant to WWSS the right and permission to use and/or publish photographs or likeness, videos or MP3s of me for advertising purposes, promotion or display, in all forms of media. I hereby release and discharge WWSS, it's owners, and employees, and any persons acting on behalf of WWSS from any liability stemming from the publishing of said photos, videos or MP3s, including, but not limited to, copyright infringement or piracy. I further discharge WWSS from any and all liability for damages caused by any blurring, distortion, alteration, optical illusion, or use in composite form of said picture which may occur during the taking, processing, or production of said picture or the finished product. I understand that WWSS shall have the right to terminate my portfolio for any reason whatsoever.
If there is any claim or dispute about or involving the Service, you agree that the claim or dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree to and hereby submit to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in the County of Los Angeles, California and the Central District Court, California, respectively, with respect to any such matters, and you agree to waive any and all objections to jurisdiction and to venue. The Service is controlled and offered by WWSS in the United States and we make no representation that materials associated with the Service are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from jurisdictions where the content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to use or access the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into these terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in the Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with the Terms of Use.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
HOME|
ABOUT|
POLICY|
CONTACT US
Copyright © 2011 Worldwide Star Search
All Rights Reserved.