https://www.partnersfcu.org/california-consumer-privacy-notice-of-right-to-opt-out/
Skip to content
Checking & Savings
Checking
Savings & Certificates
Youth Accounts
Credit Cards & Loans
Credit Cards
Auto Loans
Home Loans
Personal Loans
Loan Protection and Insurance
Virtual Banking
Mobile Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Wallet
Virtual Appointments
Membership
Join Now
Financial Education
Partners Blog
Partners Gallery
Partners Difference
Strategic Plan
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice of Right to Opt Out
Checking
Savings & Certificates
Youth Accounts
California Consumer Privacy
Notice of Right of Opt-Out
The terms “sell,” “selling,” “sale,” or “sold,” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act as the act of selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by a business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration.  However, there may be instances where we disclose or share your information with a third party for other valuable consideration.  When we refer to “sell,” “selling,” “sale” or “sold” in this Notice of Right of Opt-Out, we are referring to disclosure or sharing of personal information for valuable consideration other than money.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
You may exercise this right by submitting a Request to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information at https://www.partnersfcu.org/privacy-policy-californiaoptout.  You may also opt-out offline by calling 800.948.6677 and request to opt-out with a Member Service Specialist.
If your authorized agent will be submitting a Request to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information on your behalf, we will require your authorized agent’s full legal name, a government-issued identification to verify the identity of your authorized agent, and proof of the source of your authorized agent’s authority (e.g., Power of Attorney, conservatorship, your written instruction, etc.).
Please visit our California Consumer Privacy Policy for additional information.
Have a question?
Chat with us
Back to top