http://www.stepan.com/content/stepan-dot-com/en/terms---conditions.html
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to www.stepan.com (the “Website”). Stepan Company provides access to the website subject to the following Terms and Conditions. Please read them carefully.
Please also review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the website, to understand our privacy practices.
License and Site Access
Stepan Company grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited right and license to access and make use of the Website. You agree not to download (other than page caching) or modify the Website, or any portion of it, except with express, written consent of Stepan Company.
This license does not include any rights of resale or commercial use of the Website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings or descriptions; any derivative use of the Website or its contents. No portion of the Website may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express, written consent of Stepan Company. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including, without limitation, images, text, page layout, or form) of Company or its affiliates without their express written consent. You may not “mirror” the Website or use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Stepan Company's or its affiliates’ name or trade names, trademarks, or service marks without Stepan’s express, written consent. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Stepan Company for your use of the Website, without limiting any other remedies that Stepan Company may have.
Stepan Company may change the format and content of this web site at any time, suspend service or change the terms and conditions of use of the Website at any time, without notice. By browsing this web site you are accepting that you are bound by the current Terms and Conditions and so you should check these each time you revisit the site.
Your Account
If you use the Website as a registered user, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. From time to time, Company may monitor and edit or remove any account or content, but it has no obligation to do so.
Disclaimer
The information and recommendations ("Information") on this World Wide Web ("WWW") server are presented to you in good faith. This Information is believed to be correct, however, Stepan Company makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of any of this Information. You assume the entire risk of relying on this Information.
Use of Information
This Information is supplied to you on the condition that you or any other person receiving this Information will make his or her own determination as to its suitability for any purpose prior to any use of this Information. Under no circumstances will Stepan Company be responsible for damages of any nature whatsoever resulting from the use of or reliance upon this Information or any product referred to in this Information.
This Information is not to be construed as a recommendation to use any Information, product, process, equipment or formulation that conflicts with any patent, copyright or trademark, and Stepan Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, that any use of this Information will not infringe on any patent, copyright or trademark of any third party.
Warranties
ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR OF ANY OTHER NATURE ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THIS INFORMATION OR TO ANY PRODUCT REFERRED TO IN THIS INFORMATION .
Stepan Company makes no commitment to update or correct any Information that appears on the Internet or on this WWW server. All Information on this WWW server is copyrighted to Stepan Company.
Links to Third Party Sites
Written prior permission from Stepan must be granted to use Stepan's icons to hyperlink other websites with this site or to use Stepan's name, trademarks, trade names, patents or patented designs for any reason. Stepan reserves the right to revoke permission to link to its site.
This Website provides hyperlinks to other Internet websites for your convenience. Stepan is not responsible for the content of those websites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by Stepan to any of the sites.
Product Data Sheets
Caution: All of the product and the formulation bulletins are two-page documents. It is expressly recommended that both pages be printed. If you choose to obtain only one page you do so at your own risk and will be omitting important product and safety information. See warranty limitations as described above.
Geographic Scope
The Website may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or service do not imply that the Company intends to make such products or services available in such countries.
Export Control
The materials on this website are subject to the United States Export Administration Laws and Regulations. Stepan makes no representation that materials will be available for use in other countries and any diversion of such materials contrary to United States Law is prohibited. The user of this website assumes entire responsibility for compliance with all local laws and national laws, as well as assuming sole responsibility for obtaining any necessary licenses to export or re-export materials.
Applicable Law and Forum
Any action involving the website, the General Conditions, or the Privacy Policy, will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any choice of law or conflicts of law provisions. The user of this website agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware for resolution of any and all conflicts involving the website, the General Conditions or the Privacy Statement.
Termination
Stepan reserves the right, in exercising our sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of this site, with or without notice.
This site uses cookies to continuously improve your browsing experience. By clicking on "I Accept," you are agreeing to Stepan Company's use of cookies, our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
I Accept