http://www.vikingrange.com/consumer/category/footer/terms-and-conditions
a
Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Welcome to the VikingRange.com web site provided by Viking® Range, LLC ("Viking"). This Agreement ("Agreement") contains the terms, covenants, conditions, and provisions upon which you may access and use this site and the information and materials found on this site. This Agreement is effective as of May 1, 2003.
By accessing, viewing and/or using this site, you, the user, indicate and agree that you understand and intend these Terms and Conditions of Use to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written contract that is equally binding, and that you agree to such Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree with such Terms and Conditions, you are instructed not to use this site.
Please note that Viking reserves the right to change or supplement the Terms and Conditions of Use under which this site is extended to you. Your continued use of this site following reasonable notice of such modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes. You agree that notices we may provide on the site itself shall be deemed reasonable notice for this purpose.
The information on this site may be changed or updated at any time without notice. Viking may also, at any time and without notice, make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs described in this information or otherwise accessible on this site.
Grant of License. This Agreement provides you, the user, with a personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use this site conditioned on your continued compliance with this Agreement. This site contains Licensed Material.  It is prohibited to download this Licensed Material for other than personal use.  Republication, retransmission, reproduction or other use of the Licensed Material is also prohibited. Users may download and/or print one copy of any materials and information from this site solely for personal and noncommercial use, provided that they do not alter the materials or information, and provided that all hard copies contain all copyright and other applicable notices contained in, or applicable to, such materials and information. Notwithstanding the foregoing and except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, a user may not modify, copy, distribute, broadcast, transmit, reproduce, publish, mirror, frame, license, transfer, sell or otherwise use any information or material obtained from or through this site. As a further condition of use of this site, all users, including you, represent and warrant to Viking that they will not use this site (or any materials or information contained herein) for any purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited by these Terms and Conditions of Use. Any rights not specifically and expressly granted herein are reserved. To seek permission to use materials and information (including screen-shots of this web site) beyond the scope of the foregoing express license, please contact:
Tim Tyler
Director of Marketing
111 Front Street
Greenwood, MS 38930
662-455-1200 (telephone)
662-453-7939 (facsimile)
ttyler@vikingrange.com (email)
Intellectual Property Rights. All material contained on this site, unless otherwise expressly indicated, is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States copyright, trade secret (for password protected areas) and trademark law, as well as other state, national, and international laws and regulations. Except as expressly provided herein, Viking does not grant any express or implied right(s) to users of this site. Please be aware that Viking actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The contents of this site are © 2005 Viking Range, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Removing or altering the copyright notice on any material on this site is strictly prohibited. Viking Range, LLC also owns a copyright in the site as a collective work and/or compilation, and in the selection, coordination and arrangement of the site’s content.
Trademarks. The trademarks VIKING® Range; Viking® Products; VSH™ Pro Sealed Burner System; Adjustable Cold Zone™ Drawer; Adjustable Humidity Zone™ Drawers; Airflo™ Gentle Drying; Brew-Break™; C4™ Charcoal Ceramic Cooking; Cobra™ Hinge; Convect-Air™ Drying; Cyclonic™ Blending Action; Design Integrity™; Diamond-Brite™; Stainless Steel Tank and Inner Door; DishGuard™ Protector; DrawerMicro™ Ovens; Easy-Glide™ Rear Wheels; EasyLift™ Canopy System; Elliptical™ Airflow; Flexible Fluid™Coupling; Gourmet-Glo™ Infrared Broiler; Gourmet-Glo™ Infrared Rotisserie Burner; Grease Control™ System; Hold-Tight™ Dividers; HydroFlo™ Water Heater; Jam-inator® Button; MagneQuick™ Induction Power Generator; MeatSavor™/Produce Drawer; Odor Eliminator™ Evaporator; Outdoor Range™; Positive Position Ignition™; Power Porcelain™ Cast Iron Grates; ProChill™ Temperature Management System; Professional Performance for the Home™; ProFlow™ Convection Air Baffle; QuickCook™ Surface Elements; Quiet Clean™ Performance Packages; QuietCool™ Performance; Rapid Ready™ Preheat System; ReHeat Plus™ Function; Roller Bearing™ Upper Rack; Steam Heat™ Cooking; Sturdi-Bilt™ Racks; Super Clog-Resistant™ Condenser; Sure-Temp™ Heating; Sure-Temp™ Water Heating; ThermaFresh™ Warming Drawer TimePiece™ Electric Single and Double Ovens; Triple-Clean™ Filtration; TriTemp™ Storage System; Tru-Flush™ Design; TruConvec™ Convection Cooking; TruGlide™ Full Extension Oven Racks; TruPowerPlus™ 18,500 BTU Burner; TruSear™ Infrared Burner/Griller; TruSteam™ Cooking; Vari-Pressure Intelli-Wash™ System; Vari-Speed Dual Flow Convection System™; Variable Speed DC Overdrive™ Compressor; VariSimmer™ Setting; VersaVent™ Rear Downdraft; Viking Combi Steam/Convect™ Oven; Viking SureSpark™ Ignition System; St Charles® Cabinetry; Scrubbing Power™; and all other names, logos, and icons identifying Viking and/or Viking’s products and services are protected, proprietary marks of Viking. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Copyright and Intellectual Property Agent for Notice. The site may contain materials posted by third parties. If you believe that any materials on this site infringe any copyright or other intellectual property interest, please immediately provide Viking Range, LLC’s Copyright and Intellectual Property Agent with a notice containing the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property interest that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
Your physical street address, regular mailing address, daytime telephone number and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the particular use is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property owner, its agent or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate, and that you are the copyright or other intellectual property owner, or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright or other intellectual property owner.
Viking Range, LLC’s Copyright and Intellectual Property Agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement on the site is:
Tim Tyler
Director of Marketing
111 Front Street
Greenwood, MS 38930
662-455-1200 (telephone)
662-453-7939 (facsimile)
ttyler@vikingrange.com (email)
Note: The contact information above is provided exclusively for notifying Viking of copyright or other intellectual property infringement. For general product information, please email customer_support@vikingrange.com. For non-product-related technical assistance, please email Tim Tyler at ttyler@vikingrange.com.
Legal Notice. The information contained in this web site is not intended to be, and should not be construed as, legal or other professional advice. You are advised to consult with your own professional legal advisors prior to relying on any information contained in this web site.
Submissions to Viking Range, LLC. Subject to the terms and provisions of the Privacy Policy of this web site, any non-personal information that you submit to Viking through this web site shall not be considered or treated as confidential information, and shall be the exclusive property of Viking. Viking shall not be deemed to share any confidential or fiduciary relationship with the submitter of such information. Viking may use such information for any purpose without restriction, liability or compensation.
Right to Contact Visitor/Subscriber/User. Viking reserves the right to contact users of the site regarding changes to this Agreement or any other policies or agreements relevant to web site users; provided, however, that the user hereby acknowledges and agrees that Viking shall have no obligation of any sort to contact or otherwise provide notice to users regarding any such changes.
Links to Other Sites. Viking may provide links, in its sole discretion, to other sites on the internet for the convenience of its users in locating related information and services. These sites have not been reviewed by Viking and may be maintained by third parties over which Viking exercises no control. Accordingly, Viking expressly disclaims any responsibility for the terms and conditions of use, privacy policies, information collection practices, content, accuracy of the information and/or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on such third-party web sites. Moreover, such links do not imply an endorsement with respect to any third party, any web site, or the products or services provided thereby.
DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer (“Disclaimer”) contains the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions under which you may access and use this site and the features provided hereon by Viking Range, LLC or any of its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (“Viking”). By using this site and configuring appliances and/or other products on this site, you, the user, indicate that you understand and agree to this Disclaimer, and that you intend it to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written contract that is equally binding. If you do not understand and agree with this Disclaimer, you are instructed not to use this site and not to configure appliances and/or other products on this site.
Viking reserves the right to change or supplement this Disclaimer at any time without notice. Your configuration of appliances or other products on this site will constitute your acceptance of such changes. Additionally, the information and/or products on this site may be changed, updated or discontinued at any time without notice.
All configurations of appliances and other products on this site should be used only as a general guide, and should not be relied on by the user. Configured appliances and other products may not be available, and the manufacturer thereof makes no representations or warranties related thereto. Further, appliances and other products configured on this site, including specifications, colors, prices and features thereof, may not be an accurate representation of the actual appliance or product. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE USER SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY DIMENSION, SPECIFICATION OR INSTALLATION INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE, AS SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE INACCURATE, INCOMPLETE, OUTDATED AND/OR NOT APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION. VIKING SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR SUCH INFORMATION, AND YOU, THE USER, ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF ANY USE AND/OR RELIANCE THEREON. All configurations and information generated hereby are subject to change without notice. All information of any sort related to appliances and/or other products configured on this site should be independently confirmed and verified by the user with an authorized dealer of such appliances and/or products.
While Viking endeavors to provide accurate, up-to-date information and materials, the information and materials available on this site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Moreover, Viking may make modifications and/or changes in this site or in the information and materials available on this site at any time and for any reason, without notice to the users.
You, the user, assume the sole risk of making use of, and/or relying on, the information and materials available on this site. Viking makes no representations or warranties of any sort regarding the accuracy, suitability, completeness, timeliness, availability, reliability, or legality in your jurisdiction, of the information and materials available on this site for any purpose. All such information and materials are provided for their intended purpose only. Further, all such information and materials are provided “AS IS” and without warranty of any kind, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, warranty of fitness for a particular purpose, title, ownership, warranty of infringement or any implied warranty of any sort.
In no event shall Viking be liable for any indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, (i) the use of this site, (ii) the delay or inability to use this site, (iii) any information and/or materials available on this site, or otherwise arising out of the utilization of this site, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, and even if Viking has been advised of the possibility of any such damages. Due to the fact that some states and/or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some or all of the above limitation may not apply.
Governing Law . This Disclaimer will be governed by the laws of the State of Mississippi without giving effect to the choice of law provisions thereof, and all parties to this Agreement expressly agree to be subject to the jurisdiction of courts in the City of Greenwood, State of Mississippi.
Disclosure under the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (SB 657)
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (SB 657) was designed to increase the amount of information made available by manufacturers and retailers regarding their efforts to address the issue of slavery and human trafficking in their direct supply chain. This information allows consumers to make better, more-informed choices regarding the products they buy and the companies they choose to support.
At Viking Range, LLC we believe that workers at our facilities as well as those of our direct suppliers have the right to freely choose employment.  It is our policy not to purchase materials that have been produced with slave, forced or child labor or labor that has resulted from human trafficking. Accordingly, Viking Range, LLC is taking the following efforts regarding SB 657 and our supply chain in general:
Verification of product supply chains to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery: Viking Range engages in verification of our product supply chain via internal supplier audits of those existing and potential future suppliers that we consider to be at risk of any possible human trafficking and slavery practices.
Audits of suppliers to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains: Viking Range implements a risk-based internal audit program for suppliers in our direct supply chain. Viking Range takes a zero-tolerance policy with companies engaged in any slavery or human trafficking.
Compliance certification: Viking Range has purchasing agreements, a statement of corporate policy and conditions in place with all our direct suppliers requiring them to comply with all applicable laws and regulations as a general rule of engagement. This compliance includes laws regarding forced labor and child labor. The company does not have a formal certification process.
Standards and procedures: Any supplier or employee found to be in noncompliance with either our terms and conditions or our corporate policy against slavery and human trafficking, whether that violation was detected via self disclosure or through our audit process, will be reviewed for compliance action, which may result in termination of the relationship or employment.
Training: Viking Range provides training on human trafficking and slavery to those company employees and management who have direct responsibility for supply chain management.
®Registered Trademark/™ of Viking Range, LLC
All contents © 2014 Viking Range, LLC. All Rights Reserved.