http://www.teamalpine.com/privacystatement
Sign In
my account
11995 N. Maple Island Rd., Fremont, MI 49412
Powered By
Home
Buy OEM Parts
Honda Parts
Honda Powersports Parts
Honda Power Equipment Parts
Sea-Doo Watercraft Parts
Ski-Doo Snowmobile Parts
Buy OEM Accessories
Honda Powersports Accessories
Sea-Doo Watercraft Accessories
Ski-Doo Snowmobile Accessories
OEM Gear
Sea-Doo Apparel and Riding Gear
Ski-Doo Apparel and Gear
Aftermarket Apparel and Gear
Aftermarket Gear
Aftermarket Parts
ATV Parts and Accessories
Off-Road Parts and Accessories
Snowmobile Parts and Accessories
Street and Cruiser Parts and Accessories
V-Twin Parts and Accessories
Company
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
About Us
Privacy Statement
Return Request Info
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information that we collect when you are on our site and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us or that we may collect on a partner's site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.Information Collection and UseWe collect personal information when you register for an account, when you use our contact forms, and when you request our newsletter. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with us, we ask for your name and email address. Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, web browsing cookie information, and pages you request. We use this information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about specials and new products.
11995 N. Maple Island Rd.Fremont, MI 49412
p: 231-924-1924
©2012-2020 All Rights Reserved.
Site Powered by vNext Technologies, Inc.