http://www.ketchummfg.com/policies
×
1.800.222.0460
My Account
Login
Welcome
Checkout
Rabies Tags
Dog & Cat Tags
USDA & Laboratory Tags
NYS Dog Tags
Round Shapes
Oval Shapes
Oblong Shapes
Square Shapes
Rectangle Shapes
Diamond Shapes
Creative Shapes
State Shapes
Guard Dog
Variable Lengths
Tag Accessories
Dog & Cat TagsShop Now
View more
Livestock Identification
Plastic Ear Tags
Metal Ear Tags
Poultry Leg & Wing Bands
Dana Cow Ankle Straps
Goat Identification Tags
Neck Tags
Livestock Supplies
Auction Sale Tags/ Hip Tags
Livestock IdentificationShop Now
View more
Tattoo/Hog Supplies
Firefighter Tags
Industrial Tags
Lab Animal Supplies
My Account
Home
Policies
PoliciesPrivacy Your privacy is important to us and we work hard to maintain your privacy while you are visiting our site. We do not rent, share, sell, trade, disclose or loan any personally identifiable information about our customers.
We ask for certain personally identifiable information including your name, e-mail address, billing and shipping addresses and payment information. The requested information is used to fulfill product orders and to communicate with you.
Security Orders placed on our site are encrypted using Secure Socket Layer technology. The Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. With SSL implemented, information sent via the Internet can be trusted to arrive privately and unaltered to our server only. In order for SSL security to work properly you must use an SSL-enabled browser.
Sales Tax We are required to collect New York State Sales Tax on all orders shipped to addresses in New York State.
Credit Cards We, now accept: VISA, Mastercard, Discover and Paypal.  Please be sure to provide the exact address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you.  Incorrect information may cause a delay in processing your order.  All information supplied to us is confidential and never shared with any third party.
Shipping Ketchum Mfg. Co. Inc. uses UPS and United States Postal Service for domestic and international shipments. Before finalizing your purchase, you will be given several shipping options. The shipping rates are based on the weight of the package and where you live.
Please note that a handling fee of $2.00 applies to all orders.
Merchandise shipped by UPS is automatically insured for $100.00. Additional coverage is available at $.35 per $100.00 of value.
Stock items are usually processed in one business day.  If same day processing of stock orders is desired please call 800-222-0460.  The majority of our products are custom made to our customers' specifications.  Custom orders typically take 4-6 weeks for production.  During the months of October, November and December the production time maybe in the 8 week range.  Your patience and understanding are greatly appreciated during this time.
Order Confirmation We will send you an e-mail confirming the receipt of your order. We will also send you an e-mail when your order ships. If your order is shipping by UPS, we will include a tracking number in the e-mail. At any point after receiving the tracking number, you may check on the location of your package at www.ups.com.
Merchandise Returns Only items that are not personalized may be returned. You must contact us to receive a return authorization. There is a restocking fee of 15% to return merchandise.
Top