https://www.riccar.com/privacy-policy
Close X
Menu
Products
Technology
Blog | Clean Advice
Customer Support
About
profile
Your Profile
icon_registerRegister Your Vacuum
icon_compare
Compare (0)
cart
Your Cart (0 items)
location
Find a Retailer
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED ON
6/6/18
Riccar Vacuums (“Riccar” “us,” or “we”) collects your personal information for a variety of reasons. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect from you in the course of our business, including information which is collected through our website, www.riccar.com, (the “Site”).
You should read this Policy before using this Site or otherwise providing us with personal information. If you choose to use the Site, you are telling us you have read and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our actions that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.
SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy applies to our collection and use of the Personal Information we obtain from you, either as a result of your visit to the Site, or because you have otherwise provided us with the information. A fuller description of this Privacy Policy’s scope, and a fuller definition of “Personal Information,” can be found here.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
We collect Personal Information about you. This Personal Information may include:
information about you that you provide us, for example, by registering to use the site or ordering products on the Site;
information that you otherwise provide us; and
Information we collect by automated means.
INFORMATION USE We do not sell, lease or rent your Personal Information unless we have asked for and obtained your explicit (opt-in) consent. We may use and transfer this Personal Information for our business purposes, including customer service and marketing to you, share this information with third parties for certain purposes, use this information to communicate with you, and use this information to comply with our legal obligations, as further described here.
DATA SECURITY
We are concerned with the security of your Personal Information and take care in implementing appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet, nor any data we collect or store, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. Further information on our security procedures and your responsibility for security can be found here.
DATA ACCESS, INTEGRITY & CHOICE
You have choices about whether we use your Personal Information to communicate with you and, if we do communicate with you, what form that communication takes. We will use your Personal Information as described in the “Information Use” section of this Privacy Policy. If you wish for us to stop using your Personal Information to communicate with you, you can write us and tell us that you no longer consent to such use (you opt-out). Please do so by contacting us at the email below.
If you opt-out, we will continue to retain and use your personal information for limited purposes. Click here for a fuller explanation. For more information regarding your options with respect to access, integrity and choice, please click here.
EFFECTIVE DATE AND UPDATES
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy reflects the date of the most recent revisions. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Privacy Policy. The most current version of the Privacy Policy can be reviewed by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link located at the bottom of each of our pages associated with the Site.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions, concerns or requests regarding Riccar’s Privacy Policy, or Riccar’s collection or use of your Personal Information, please contact us:
mailto:PrivacyPolicy@Riccar.com
SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection and use of Personal Information:
we collect or use from your visit to the Site (for example, when you register to use the site, or when we automatically collect information); and
that you provide to us by other means (for example, as part of an email you send us). When we use the term “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, or can be used by us or on our behalf to identify, an individual. This can be, for example, a name, street address, e-mail address, or telephone number(s). Personal Information does not include encoded information, anonymized information, or information that is publicly available and not combined with non-public Personal Information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect Personal Information from you in certain areas of the Site, as well as through your other interactions with us. The following is a description of what Personal Information we may collect:
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE. If you voluntarily provide us with Personal Information, for example your name, email address, phone or mobile number, or payment information (such as a credit card), we collect this Personal Information. You may voluntarily provide this information to us in a variety of ways, including by filling out a registration form on the Site, providing us with Personal Information in order to initiate or complete a transaction, providing online feedback to us, or by contacting us (by email or otherwise) with questions about the Site or our products and services.
Personal Information We May Automatically Collect. We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about you when you visit the Site or otherwise communicate with us. For example, we may automatically collect information such as:
Your browser type and operating system
Navigation and click-stream data.
Search terms you use.
Web pages you view on our Site.
Links you click.
Your IP address.
Sites you visited before coming to our Site.
IP ADDRESSES. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. As part of the protocol of the Internet, web servers can identify your computer by its IP address. In addition, web servers may be able to identify the type of browser and/or type of computer you are using. We collect IP addresses and related information for the purposes of system administration, to assess the traffic to the Site, and to maintain and improve the Site. For security purposes, we may link account information you enter when you purchase products on the Site to the originating IP address, but we do not otherwise link IP addresses to your personally identifiable information. We can and will use IP addresses and other information we possess to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, to protect our service, the Site, customers or others, or to comply with applicable laws.
COOKIES. Cookies are small bits of information that some websites (including the Site) transfer to an individual's hard drive. We use cookies to improve users’ experience on our Site, for example to personalize features of the Site and for you, and to analyze the traffic, such as total visitors and pages viewed on the Site, and make improvements based on the data we collect. We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies has become a standard in the industry. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can usually set your browser to refuse cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some of the functionality of the Site. Other partners or third parties associated with the Site may also use cookies in connection with the services and websites to which the Site links. We do not control these cookies.
WEB BEACONS. Web beacons are small bits of code that communicate with third parties and are embedded in web pages, our ads or in emails. We may use web beacons to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited a web page, to understand usage patterns or other third party functionality. We also may include web beacons in e-mails to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
You can disable the ability of Web beacons to store cookie information by declining cookies. Do Not Track. As technologies to address Do Not Track signals are still evolving, we do not currently deploy any technology to respond to Do Not Track signals.
OTHER TECHNOLOGIES. Examples of other technologies we may use to provide better service to you include:
Web Session Variables. Information that is passed from one web URL to another as you browse.
Browser plug-ins/add-ons. Additional web components that may need to be installed to enable certain web features on our Site. You have the option not to install these components.
As technologies continue to evolve, we may likewise adapt our methods of collection and processing. To the extent we understand such new technologies to materially alter our collection or use methods as described in this Policy, we will amend this Policy. The Site may contain links to websites operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected from you through such links or that you may provide on the websites you reach by those links. We are not responsible for any actions, practices or policies of other parties.
Please be advised that if you disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive information through public forums or message boards provided by Riccar, this information may be collected and used by others. We do not monitor these public spaces and take no responsibility for the content, security or confidentiality of any information posted.
USE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION Our use of your Personal Information for business purposes. We may use your Personal Information for our business purposes. Such business purposes could include, for example, using the information to provide services to you or complete a transaction with you. We may also use this information for various other business purposes, for example:
Analyze and improve the performance of the Site.
Analyze our business, products and services.
Perform customer service.
Communicate with you regarding your account.
Communicate with you regarding products or services provided to you by us, our affiliates, or our external business partners.
Market our products and services to you.
Contact you on behalf of our affiliates or external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
Ask you about your experience with or opinions about our company, the Site, or our products and services.
Protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions.
Determine the effectiveness of our advertising.
Enforce our Terms and Conditions and otherwise manage our business.
Such other purposes as we disclose to you, and to which you consent, at the time we collect Personal Information from you.
Such other purposes as we disclose to you, and to which you consent, prior to our processing your Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this Policy.
We may also provide your Personal Information to third parties who are service providers to us, for example third parties who provide computer-related, credit card processing, mapping, or debt collection services. These third parties will only use your Personal Information as directed by us for our business purposes.
Riccar may also work with third parties (we call these third parties “external business partners”) to provide you with certain third party-offered products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may provide your Personal Information to such third parties for their internal use and analysis regarding, and communication to you about, the such products or services. Such third parties must agree with us that any such information we provide will not be used for any purpose other than internal use and analysis regarding, and communication to you about, the offered products or services.
Prior to transferring your Personal Information to third parties, we will obtain their reasonable assurances that they will treat your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and not use your Personal Information for purposes other than those set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may also share your information if we merge with, or if we or any of our assets are sold to, another company.
We may also share anonymized data derived from your Personal Information with persons performing studies in areas relevant to our business. When we do so, we take reasonable steps to anonymize your Personal Information such that it can no longer be used to identify you.
We do not sell or lease your Personal Information. We do not transfer your Personal Information to any third party for uses other than those described in this Privacy Policy.
Our use of your Personal Information for legal purposes. Sometimes a law, court order or other judicial or administrative process requires us to provide information to a government authority or party to a private lawsuit. We will provide the information that we in good faith believe is required to comply with the law, order, or other process. We may also disclose certain information if:
we are required to bring, or defend against, litigation or any regulatory proceeding between, or relating to, you and us,
we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Site Terms of Use or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Site users or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, or
we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
INFORMATION TRANSFER. Your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was provided. When we do so, we transfer the information in compliance with applicable data protection laws. We take steps to protect Personal Information no matter what country it is stored in or transferred to. We have procedures and controls as appropriate to help ensure this.
DATA SECURITY
We take appropriate steps that we believe are reasonable to protect the security of your Personal Information on our system, both internally and from outsiders, and to ensure the integrity of the data we collect. We use a combination of technological, physical and policy methods to protect this data such as, for example, requiring a password to access our network and employing firewall security.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Please be aware that we will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. We do not provide your password to third parties.
ACCESS, INTEGRITY & CHOICE
ACCESS & INTEGRITY. If you believe that the Personal Information you voluntarily provided us is, or has become, inaccurate, incomplete or untimely, contact us and provide additional or corrected information.
CHOICE. When you use the Site, or otherwise provide Personal Information to us, you consent to our using that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not want us to use or continue using your Personal Information to communicate with you, you may request that we not do so (opt-out) by following the procedures described below.
Opting-Out at Signup: When you provide first provide us with personal information, you will be given a choice as to whether to receive promotional information from us.
Opting-Out after Signup.
If you wish to discontinue any further promotional communications from us, please send your opt-out request to our Privacy Manager. Place the word “UNSUBSCRIBE” in your request to us.
We also give you additional choices about how we communicate with you.
Digital / Electronic Communications.
You can also stop receiving promotional email messages from us by following the instructions provided in any such message you receive.
CONTINUED USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION DESPITE OPT-OUT. Because it is essential that we have and use personal information about you in order to provide you with products and services you order from us, we will continue to use personal information to facilitate a transaction that you initiate. In addition, even if you opt-out, we will retain your personal information for our internal use, such as internal business analytics and legal compliance. We will also retain your personal information in order to contact you for non-promotional purposes regarding your use of our service.
Terms of Use
Use of Website
The riccar.com website (the “Website”) is a service operated and provided by Riccar VACUUMS (“Riccar”, “we”, “us”, and/or “our”) from its offices in the
USA.
Access to the Website is expressly conditioned upon your acceptance of the following Terms of Use (the “Terms”) which set forth the terms and conditions applicable to your access to and use of the Website.
By accessing or using the Website in any way, including, but not limited to purchasing products, creating or accessing an account, or accessing any information provided on the Website, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree with any part of these Terms, you are not authorized to access or use the Website. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right and authority to agree to these terms.
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms or on the Website to the contrary, the Website is provided without any warranty and is subject to limitations on our liability. These Terms are set forth below.
This Website is controlled and operated by Riccar VACUUMS from its offices within the United States. Riccar VACUUMS makes no representation that Materials (defined below) on the Website are appropriate or available for use in other countries, and access to such materials from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Website from locations other than the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
General Terms & Restrictions of Use
Use of Website.
Subject to the limitations contained in these Terms, you may access and use the Website solely to view information about [and to purchase the products and services of] Riccar VACUUMS for your personal, informational, and non-commercial use or as expressly authorized by these Terms or in writing by us.
You agree not to access or use the Website for any other purpose, including without limitation, any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms or by the law of any relevant jurisdiction.
You further agree to comply with all applicable U.S. and international laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, contracts, and applicable licenses regarding your use of the Website.
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to and/or use of the Website, or any portion thereof, at any time, with or without notice and for any reason (or no reason).
You agree that (a) if your authorization to access the Website is terminated, you will not thereafter access, or attempt to access, the Website, directly or indirectly, and (b) if your authorization to access the Website is suspended, you will not thereafter access, or attempt to access, the Website directly or indirectly, until your suspension is removed and we provide you express notice thereof.
You are solely responsible for all uses of the Website by you.
Limited License; Restrictions on Use of Website.
Riccar VACUUMS grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable license to access, use, view, store, bookmark, download, and print content within our Website and to make other use of the Website that is customary for similar Internet Websites for your personal, non-commercial, and informational purposes or as expressly authorized in writing by Riccar VACUUMS.
This license shall be considered revoked if you fail to fully comply with these Terms.
You are not authorized to alter, modify, or create derivative works of any such content without first receiving our express written permission.
You further agree not to (a) use any of our trademarks as metatags on other websites; (b) use the Website in any manner that is illegal or impairs the operation of the Website or its availability to or use by others; (c) display any part of the Website in frames (or any content thereof via in-line links); and/or (d) use or access, or attempt to use or access, any portion of the Website for which registration is required unless you are a Registered User (as defined in Section 3 below) without first obtaining our express written permission to do so.
You further agree not to decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through or incorporated into the Website, and not to insert any code or product or manipulate the Website in any way that affects the user’s experience, including, without limitation, taking any action that imposes, or may impose, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website.
You may not use this Website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Website or any of Riccar VACUUMS’s services.
You further agree not to use any data mining, web crawlers, robots, cancelbots, spiders, Trojan horses, or any other data gathering or extraction method in connection with your use of the Website except for customary search engines used in accordance with automated instructions directed to search engines and available on the Website.
You are solely responsible for providing, maintaining, and ensuring the compatibility of all hardware, software, electrical, and other physical requirements necessary for your access to and use of our Website.
Riccar VACUUMS may discontinue or alter any aspect of our Website, remove Content from our Website, restrict the time our Website is available, or restrict the amount of use permitted at Riccar VACUUMS’s sole discretion without prior notice or liability.
You agree that Riccar VACUUMS may, under certain circumstances, immediately suspend and/or terminate your access to our Website.
You further agree that such measures shall be taken at Riccar VACUUMS’s sole discretion without liability to you or any third party.
Use of Personal Information
Your use of the Website may involve the transmission to us of certain personal information. Personal information may include factual or subjective data or information, recorded or not, about a so-called “identifiable individual,” that on its own or combined with other pieces of data and information, may make identifying the individual possible. Such personal information may include an individual’s name, birthdate, home or other physical address, email addresses, income, ethnic origin, disputes with merchants and philosophical or religious beliefs. Our policies with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of such personal information are governed according to our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety.
Ownership of Materials and Use Restrictions
The information, other than User Content, contained in this Website including all images, illustrations, designs, photographs, video clips, writings, content and other materials that appear herein are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed (all of which, collectively, are herein referred to as the “Materials”) by Riccar VACUUMS or its subsidiaries and affiliates or are the property of their respective owners. Except as provided herein, none of the Materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Riccar VACUUMS or the applicable copyright owner. You also may not, without Riccar VACUUMS’s permission, “mirror” any Materials contained on this Website on any other server. Any other use of the Materials on this Website including any reproduction, modification, distribution or republication may violate copyright or trademark laws, and without the prior written permission of Riccar VACUUMS, is strictly prohibited.
All Content on the Website, whether separate or compiled, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, audio clips, logos, buttons, images, software, html code, xml code, and any other protectable works of authorship, is protected by copyright.
The materials and Content on the Website may not be reproduced, recreated, modified, accessed, or used in any manner in violation of these Terms.
Any unauthorized use of any Content, whether owned by Riccar VACUUMS or any third party, may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, privacy and publicity laws, and communications regulations and statutes.
You will not copy, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, translate, or modify the intellectual property found in the Website or grant any other person or entity the right or access to do so.
User Submissions
The Content posted by users on our Website (“User Content”) is the intellectual property of the specific users of our website who post such User Content and their licensors, if any.
Riccar VACUUMS does not claim any ownership rights in such User Content.
By posting User Content on our website, you hereby grant Riccar VACUUMS a limited, transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, display, distribute, sell, sublicense, and create derivative works from and compilations incorporating such User Content.
You also agree that Riccar VACUUMS is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send to Riccar VACUUMS for any purpose.
In the event that you would like to remove your User Content from our Website, please contact Riccar VACUUMS.
Please note that it may not be possible to completely remove your User Content and that your User Content may still be available to others under certain circumstances.
Moreover, Riccar VACUUMS may continue to use the User Content pursuant to the license granted by its posting even after the User Content has been removed from the Website.
Riccar VACUUMS does not control User Content posted by its users, nor does it have any obligation to monitor such User Content for any purpose.
Despite the fact that we have no monitoring obligations, Riccar VACUUMS reserves the right to remove any and all Content, materials, and/or User Content that it feels is actually or potentially inappropriate, offensive, illegal, harmful in any way, or which may violate these Terms.
Furthermore, Riccar VACUUMS does not make any warranties or representations regarding any of the User Content offered on the Website, or the quality thereof.
Riccar VACUUMS does not necessarily approve, endorse, sanction, encourage, verify, or agree with any message posted by its users or otherwise embodied in the User Content.
You understand that by using the Website, you may be exposed to User Content that may be offensive, indecent, vulgar, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable, and that in no way shall Riccar VACUUMS be liable under any theory for such exposure.
Riccar VACUUMS is not a backup service for storing User Content, and shall have no liability regarding any loss thereof.
You are solely responsible for creating backups of any User Content you posted on our website.
Links to Third Party Websites
Links on this Website to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Website Riccar VACUUMS has no control over such websites or resources, and you acknowledge and agree that Riccar VACUUMS is not responsible for the availability, accessibility, or accuracy of such external websites or resources, and that Riccar VACUUMS does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, products or materials found on or from such websites or resources.
You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any such third-party websites and before providing any personal information to such third-party websites. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Linking to the Website
Riccar VACUUMS grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to create a hyperlink to the Website (“Link”).
The content surrounding any Link to the Website must not be false or misleading as to the relationship between Riccar VACUUMS and any third party or as to the nature of the products and services provided by Riccar VACUUMS.
We reserve the right to revoke this license to link to the Website at any time.
If we do, you agree that you will immediately remove any Link to the Website, or any portion thereof, and will not, directly or indirectly, link to the Website or any portion thereof after such revocation.
User Representations
You hereby represent and warrant that:
You are over the age of 18, are an emancipated minor under the laws of your state of domicile and/or residence, or otherwise have the power and authority to enter into and perform your obligations under these Terms;
You are not under the age of 13;
All information provided by you to Riccar VACUUMS is truthful, accurate, and complete and that you will maintain the accuracy and completeness of that information by regularly updating Riccar VACUUMS as to any changes, including, without limitation, to your legal name, address, email address and any other information that Riccar VACUUMS may reasonably require;
You are an authorized signatory of the credit or debit card, or other method of payment, that you provide to Riccar VACUUMS or its third-party payment processor to pay the purchase price and any applicable fees or taxes related to your purchases of products and/or services via our Website;
You will comply with these Terms and all other agreements and terms related to your use of our Website;
Your access to and use of our Website and/or purchase and use of any products or services will not constitute a breach or violation of any other agreement, contract, terms of use, or any law or regulation to which you are subject;
You will immediately notify Riccar VACUUMS should you learn or suspect that your registration information, username, or password has been disclosed or otherwise made known to any other person.
In the event that you post any User Content via our Website, you hereby make the following additional representations and warranties to Riccar VACUUMS:
You are the owner of such User Content or otherwise have the right to grant Riccar VACUUMS the licenses granted pursuant to these Terms;
You have secured any and all consents necessary to post the User Content and to grant the forgoing licenses;
The User Content does not violate the rights of any third-party;
The use of any User Content will not result in harm or personal injury to any third-party;
The use of any User Content by Riccar VACUUMS pursuant to these Terms will not violate the intellectual property rights of any third party; and
All factual information contained in the User Content is true and accurate.
Disclaimers
The Materials and services at the Website are provided “As Is” without any warranties of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purchase, or non-infringement of intellectual property.
Riccar VACUUMS’s obligations with respect to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided and nothing on this Website should be construed to alter such agreements. Riccar VACUUMS further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the Materials or services at this Website, nor does it warrant that any functions of the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website or the server that makes it available is free from viruses or other harmful components. Riccar VACUUMS may make changes to the Materials and services at this Website, or to the products and prices described in them at any time without notice. The Materials and services at this Website may be out-of-date, and Riccar VACUUMS makes no commitment to update the Materials and services at this Website. Materials published at this Website may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. Consult your local Riccar VACUUMS retailer for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this exclusion may not apply to you.
Your use of the Website is at your sole risk. You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from the use of the Website.
Limitation of Liability
In connection with any warranty, contract, or common law tort claims: (i) Riccar VACUUMS, its affiliates, or its suppliers, licensors or other third parties mentioned on this Website shall not be liable for any incidental or consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption resulting from the use, or inability to access and use this Website, or the Materialsor services contained on this Website, even if Riccar VACUUMS has been advised of the possibility of such damages; and (ii) any direct damages
that you may suffer as a result of your use of the Websiteor the Materials shall be limited to five hundred dollars ($500.00). Some jurisdictions do not all the exclusion of certain warranties. Therefore, some of the above limitations on warranties in this section may not apply to you.
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall affect any non-waivable statutory rights that apply to you.
Trademarks
Riccar VACUUMS and the Riccar VACUUMS logo are both trademarks of Riccar VACUUMS and are registered in the U.S.A. and many other countries.
Copyright Information
If you believe that your copyrighted work is being infringed, please alert Riccar VACUUMS by providing the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that has been infringed;
a description of the content on the Website that you claim infringes your copyright;
a description of where the infringing content is located on the Website sufficient to allow us to locate the allegedly infringing material;
your complete contact information, including address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a declaration, made under penalty of perjury, by you that (1) you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (2) the information in your notice is accurate; and (3) you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
This information can be provided via email or postal mail to:
Riccar VACUUMS
1760 Gilsinn Ln.
Fenton, MO 63026
Attn: Administration & HR VP
Copyright@Riccar.com
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Riccar VACUUMS, its affiliates and contractors and each of their respective agents, directors, employees, information providers, licensors and licensees, and officers (collectively “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all liability and costs (including, without limitation attorneys’ fees and costs), incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms of Use or of the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants. You will cooperate as fully as reasonably required on Riccar VACUUMS’s defense of any such claim. Riccar VACUUMS reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you will not in any event settle any matter without the prior written consent of Riccar VACUUMS.
Miscellaneous
The terms herein shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, exclusive of its choice of law rules.
Any suit, action, or proceeding concerning the Website, its use, these Terms, any sale, or any other product, service, policy, or procedure of Riccar VACUUMS must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in St. Louis County, Missouri. By accessing and using the Website, you consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts located in St. Louis County, Missouri or in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.
In any such suit, action, or proceeding, you irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action, or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action, or proceeding which is brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient or improper forum.
The parties agree that breach of the provisions of these Terms would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to Riccar VACUUMS which would be both difficult to ascertain and which would not be compensable by damages alone.
As such, the parties agree that Riccar VACUUMS has the right to enforce the provisions of these Terms by injunction (without necessity of posting bond), specific performance or other equitable relief without prejudice to any other rights and remedies Riccar VACUUMS may have for your breach of these Terms.
Prices, product descriptions and illustrations in this Website are subject to change without notice.
Riccar VACUUMS’ failure to act on or enforce any provision of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in these Terms of Use. No waiver shall be effective against Riccar VACUUMS unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance.
Except as expressly agreed by Riccar VACUUMS and you in writing, these Terms of Use (including terms incorporated by reference as explicitly set forth herein) constitute the entire agreement between you and Riccar VACUUMS with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter.
The section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import.
These Terms of Use will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees, however, you may not assign, convey, subcontract or delegate your rights, duties, or obligations under these Terms.
These Terms shall be deemed severable.
In the event that any provision is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the other remaining provisions.
Riccar VACUUMS does not provide services outside of the United States and makes no representation that Content or other material or information on the Website is appropriate to or available in locations outside of the United States.
You may not use the Website or export Content in violation of United States export laws, regulations or restrictions.
If you access the Website from outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
Update of Terms and Conditions
Riccar VACUUMS may from time to time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. Please visit this page periodically to review the current terms and conditions because they are binding on you. Your continued use of the Website will mean you accept any changes. If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Certain provisions of these Terms of Use may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Website.
Contact Us
PrivacyPolicy@Riccar.com