http://www.riverdale.com/terms-of-use/
HomeTerms of UseTerms of UseImport Legal Information and Terms of Use Riverdale Mills Corporation (“Riverdale Mills”) is pleased to provide this website for informational use.  Please be aware that by accessing and using this site you acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions:Ownership of Intellectual Property Riverdale Mills owns the material on this site and retains ownership to the copyrighted material in this site and all other material from this site including the trademarks and service marks (“Trademarks”) displayed on this site. Any use of Riverdale Mills’ Trademarks without written permission is strictly prohibited. This includes republishing any material from this website, selling, renting or sub-licensing any material from this website and/or reproducing, duplicating, copying or otherwise exploiting any material from this website for any commercial purposes. You may view and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.  Riverdale Mills takes the protection of its copyrighted material very seriously. If Riverdale Mills discovers that you have used its copyrighted material or any other material on this website without prior written consent, Riverdale Mills may bring legal proceedings against you. If you become aware of any misuse of Riverdale Mills’ copyrighted materials please report this by email to info@riverdale.com.Disclaimer Riverdale Mills strives to provide the most accurate and current information on this site, the information provided on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or other typographical errors. Information provided on this website is intended for general information only and is without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.  Riverdale Mills does not warrant or make any representation regarding the use of the information on this site in terms of correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. You are advised to confirm the accuracy of any information presented on this site before relying on it in any way. Neither Riverdale Mills nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website and the information provided on it, shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, this website. Riverdale Mills does not warrant that the functional aspects of the website will be uninterrupted or error free or that this website, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or of any other harmful components.Riverdale Mills may modify any portion of this website, including the terms and conditions of use, at any given time without notice.CategoriesNewsVideosArchived News; Older NewsArchived NewsPress ReleasesTrade Shows FOR MEDIA INQUIRIESPLEASE CONTACT:Jane Meehan Lanzillo, Corporate Communications 617-417-0078 jmlanzillo@riverdale.com
error:
Privacy and Cookie PolicyCookies on the Riverdale websiteWe use cookies to give you the best digital experience while visiting our website. By accepting the use of cookies and using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.You can read more about our Privacy and Cookie Policy here. Accept Cookies