https://www.casinocareers.com/terms.php#for_jobseeker
MENU
Home
Job Search
Job Seekers
Login
Post A Resume
Resume Posting Guide
Featured Career Tip
FAQ
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Employers
Login
Services
Posting Packages
Executive Search
FAQ
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Our Clients
Alliances
Career Resources
Gaming/Hospitality Schools
Career Tips
Links
Company
About Us
News
Graphics Center
RSS Terms of Use
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
For Employer
Casino Careers, LLC and its executive search division - Gaming Hospitality Executive, (hereafter referenced as Casino Careers), receive a variety of "personally identifiable information," including your email address, IP address, and message content. Casino Careers also collects names and mailing addresses (including street, city, state, and zip code) from users providing the information. We use this personally identifiable information as follows:
Casino Careers requires that you provide your email address so that we are able to respond to your question(s) by email.
Casino Careers automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP Address and the page you requested. Your IP address is not linked to your email address or Casino Careers.
In certain areas of this site, we require that you provide us with personally-identifiable information, in order to be able to use that portion or those portions of this site. For instance, the names and contact information of persons who visit our sites are added to our database so they may be contacted in the future regarding Casino Careers products, services, or future opportunities. Such contact may occur by email, telephone, or mail, as Casino Careers deems appropriate.
Casino Careers uses your email address for the following purposes:
to contact you about the Casino Careers services
to respond to your inquiries or emails
to solicit your opinion on matters related to our industry
to advise you of educational, marketing, or professional association events related to our industry
to communicate with you concerning problems or malfunctions you report
Information Sharing and Disclosure:
Information obtained from Casino Careers, LLC is confidential and proprietary. It may be used solely for the Employer's internal purposes and specified property (or properties), and may not be shared with any other party such as another property/entity (owned or under a management or recruitment contract), or another Executive Search firm. A violation of these terms and conditions, or misuse of candidate information may result in the cancellation of a current recruitment account and denial of future use of any Casino Careers services.
Employers subscribing to post a job, executive sourcing service, or to email candidates in the Casino Careers resume database, or who use any of the Casino Careers recruitment tools to communicate with candidates, shall do so only for legitimate and existing opening(s) within their property and may not do so for hypothetical situations.
A job posting may only publicize one job title and should specify the responsibilities and required qualifications for that specific title. Candidate information may not be downloaded or printed without the candidate's expressed permission, provided either in writing, or as a result of their application to a specific job posting, or in response to a specific email from the Employer to the Candidate about a legitimate opening within their organization.
Employers authorize Casino Careers to utilize their logo to promote their career opportunities.
Casino Careers will not sell or rent your email address, name, mailing address, or other supplied information to anyone. Exceptions are stated below:
We may disclose personally identifiable information about you as legally required in order for us to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.
Access to and use of Casino Careers' website and its contents are subject to the disclaimers, terms and conditions set forth below, and all applicable laws and regulations in the United States, including all applicable export laws, regulations and restrictions, all of which are subject to change and revision from time to time without prior notice.
Casino Careers, LLC reserves the right to terminate access to this website or take other actions it reasonably believes necessary to comply with the law or to protect its rights. Any access or attempt to access this website for any unauthorized purpose is strictly prohibited.
Except as otherwise identified, the trademarks appearing on this website, whether registered or unregistered, are the property of Casino Careers, LLC. Such marks may not be used without the written permission of Casino Careers, LLC or the identified owner of the trademarks.
Except as otherwise identified, the copyright in the content of this website is owned by or Casino Careers, LLC. No part of Casino Careers' website may be copied or reproduced for commercial purposes without the express written permission of Casino Careers, LLC or the identified owner of the information and content.
The user acknowledges that electronic communications, databases and websites are subject to errors, malfunctions, tampering and break-ins, or that use thereof may result in damages to the user's systems or operations. While Casino Careers will implement reasonable precautions to attempt to prevent such occurrences, the user further acknowledges that Casino Careers does not guarantee such events will not occur and is not liable for any such occurrences.
The user shall be solely responsible for ensuring that any information or content downloaded from Casino Careers' website or any other website accessed from Casino Careers' website does not contain any virus or other computer software code or subroutine designed to disable, erase, impair or otherwise damage its systems, software or data, and the user shall indemnify, defend and hold Casino Careers, LLC harmless from any liability, claim, cost or damage arising out of any third-party claim or suit caused by such virus or code or subroutine.
Casino Careers advises all users to exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. Hyperlinks on Casino Careers' website and other websites may direct users to websites containing information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Such linked websites are not under the control of Casino Careers, and Casino Careers makes no representations concerning any such websites.
Casino Careers is not responsible for the accuracy, intellectual property compliance, legality, legitimacy or decency of any information or content contained on any websites accessible directly or indirectly via a hyperlink to or from Casino Careers' website.
The information and content provided on Casino Careers' website and the user's access of Casino Careers' website does not create a client-consultant or any other professional relationship between the user and Casino Careers, LLC. By making this website available, Casino Careers, LLC is not engaged in rendering any industry-related, legal, accounting, tax, consulting, investment or other professional advice or services to the user or any other party.
The information and content provided on this website is not intended to be relied upon for making business, investment or other decisions.
All information and content on or obtained through this website are provided as is and without warranty of any kind. the user hereby waives all other warranties relating thereto, including but not limited to any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or warranty against interference or infringement. Casino Careers, LLC does not warrant that the use of Casino Careers, LLC's website will be uninterrupted or error free or that any error or defects will be or can be corrected. some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, in which case some of the above exclusions may not apply to all users.
Casino Careers LLC shall not in any event be liable to any user or to any third party for any direct damages, lost profits, revenues, business opportunities or business advantages whatsoever, nor for any special, consequential, indirect or incidental losses, damages or expenses directly or indirectly relating to the use or misuse of the Casino Careers, LLC website, or the information or content, whether such claim is based upon breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, gross negligence, strict liability in tort or any other theory of relief, or whether or not Casino Careers LLC is informed in advance of the possibility of such damages.
If any part of this disclaimer is held to be invalid, the remaining parts will continue to be valid and enforceable.
The use of any information obtained through Casino Careers, LLC, is at the User's own risk. The User will at all times indemnify and hold harmless Casino Careers, LLC, their affiliates, and the members, officers, directors, owners, successors, and assigns of each of them, from and against any and all third party claims, damages, liabilities, cost and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees and expenses arising out of a relating to any breach or alleged breach of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement, made by any other vendor, provider or organization with a banner, link, or any other representation on the Casino Careers, LLC website.
Casino Careers, LLC, makes no recommendation or endorsement of any person, product, process, or service that is mentioned, advertised, or referred to on www.casinocareers.com.
Casino Careers, LLC, expressly disclaims any warranty as to the accuracy of any information provided by any person, vendor, provider or organization represented on www.casinocareers.com.
Casino Careers, LLC, relies solely on such persons, vendors, providers and organizations to provide an accurate representation about their products and services. As such, Casino Careers, LLC does not warrant the accuracy or the correctness of such information. Casino Careers, LLC, expressly disclaims any responsibility or warranty for the performance of the Internet or the security of any transmission over the Internet.
Casino Careers, LLC, expressly disclaims any responsibility or warranty for information leaks beyond the control of Casino Careers, LLC or the use of information provided by Casino Careers, LLC, or persons, vendors, providers and organizations represented on www.casinocareers.com.
All Employers will abide by all rules, regulations and laws enforced by the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) as applicable. Employers accessing, using or linking to the Casino Careers, LLC site may not disclose, use, misuse, communicate (electronically or any other medium) to a 3rd party, or post to another web site any material, data, images, text or graphics that infringes on the copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of Casino Careers, LLC. without the expressed written permission of Casino Careers, LLC.
"Proprietary Information" means any information received by the Employers at anytime from, or on the Casino Careers, LLC web site, or the Casino Careers, LLC staff including, but not limited to technical, career, or resume-related information in the form of questions, designs, concepts, requirements, specifications, software, interfaces, components, processes, etc.
Employer communication with candidates in the Casino Careers, LLC resume database is to be used to attract viable candidates to apply for open opportunities in their organization. It should not be used to "cull or mine" candidate resumes in the Casino Careers, LLC resume database for future use. Employers may not mass email candidates encouraging them to post their resumes in their respective databases, nor may they use the Casino Careers, LLC mass email system to communicate any information other than legitimate employment opportunities that are open in their organization. Failure to adhere to this restriction will be considered to be a violation of the agreement between the Employer and Casino Careers, LLC and will result in the termination of the Employer's account with Casino Careers, LLC with no refund.
The Casino Careers staff will never ask for your password via phone or email. Please disregard such requests as Spam.
Casino Careers Incoming RSS Feed Policy:
RSS feeds are free services offered by Casino Careers, LLC to eligible Clients. The RSS feed is a means by which Casino Careers, LLC displays jobs postings on behalf of our Clients and links in XML. RSS job feeds are for the sole purpose of posting current available positions, which meet the appropriate, state, federal and tribal guidelines for employment/recruitment. Employers using the Casino Careers RSS feed will abide by all Terms and Conditions policies posted on our site.
Casino Careers, LLC reserves the right to discontinue our feeds at any time. All content, imagery, and logos that appear within the RSS feed, are available for use by Casino Careers, LLC and all rights are reserved.
RSS Feeds to Casino Careers, LLC may not involve:
unauthorized use of logos, links, email addresses, or graphics, or language that is unprofessional, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory
any false claim (actual or implied) of endorsement by, or other relationship with, Casino Careers, LLC
collection of content or information, framing or embedding of any pages of our site, to include harvesting bots, robots, spiders or scrappers
other infringement of Casino Careers, LLC trademarks, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights
posting unauthorized commercial communication (i.e. spam), or anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of the Casino Careers web site
uploading viruses or other malicious code
Casino Careers LLC does not bear any responsibility whatsoever for the content, accuracy or security of any websites that are linked (by way of hyperlink or otherwise) to our site.
Certain links on this site lead to servers maintained by individuals or organizations over which Casino Careers, LLC has no control. Casino Careers, LLC makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy or any other aspect of the information located on such servers. A link to a third party's website should not be construed as an endorsement by either Casino Careers, LLC or that third party, of the other or its products and services.
Copyright Notice:
Except where noted otherwise, all material on the Casino Careers, LLC site is protected by copyright laws with all rights reserved. No part of the materials on this, including but not limited to the text, graphics and html code, may be reproduced or transmitted in any form, or by any means without Casino Careers, LLC written permission.
For Jobseeker
Casino Careers, LLC and its subsidiaries, such as Gaming Hospitality Executive (hereafter referenced as Casino Careers), is a talent acquisition firm which provides Internet-based resume and job posting, as well as executive sourcing. The services that we provide enable candidates and employers to find suitable matches between themselves. Our personalized sourcing strategies, combined with our electronic recruiting and job search services, provide candidates and employers with a powerful advantage.
Casino Careers offers employers the ability to quickly find candidates and determine whether he or she meets the particular job requirements. Casino Careers helps candidates increase their marketability and decrease their expenses.
Casino Careers does not guarantee employers that candidates will respond to their inquiries. Casino Careers does not guarantee candidates that any employer will consider their profile for any open job.
Resume Posting Rules:
You may not use your Resume(s) to: impersonate another person, living or deceased, post false, inaccurate or misleading information; post advertisements or solicitations of business (including, but not limited to, Email Processors, franchises, "club memberships," distributorships, or anything requiring a monetary investment by the User, including a request for payment to obtain job listings)
Your Resume(s) must contain sufficient detail to convey clearly to the User the nature and requirements of the job opportunity, or your qualifications as a candidate for employment. Resumes that encourage the User to "email for more details" are not permitted. Documents from any third party charging a fee or restricting complete access to all resume information are prohibited.
Resume postings must contain the accurate resume of a living individual seeking employment on a full-time, part-time, or contractual basis on his or her own behalf.
Your Resume may not contain:
Anything that is discriminatory, sexually explicit, obscene, libelous, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, or hateful; or anything that is embarrassing or offensive to another person or entity.
Chain letters or pyramid schemes
URLs or links to unauthorized web sites, copyrighted material (unless you own the web site, or copyright, or have the owner's permission to post the copyrighted material)
Trade secrets (unless you own them or have the owner's permission to post them)
Material that infringes on or misappropriates any other intellectual property rights, or violates the privacy or publicity rights of others
Keywords or white text keywords (including any words embedded in the Document and hidden from the User)
Opinions, sales pitches, or notices, commercial or otherwise.
Casino Careers is under no obligation to monitor the Documents posted on the site, but it may monitor Resumes at random. Resumes found to violate the above Posting Rules may be removed at Casino Careers' discretion.
Email Agreement:
Casino Careers receives a variety of "personally identifiable information," including your email address, IP address, and message content. Casino Careers also collects names and mailing addresses (including street, city, state, and zip code) from users providing the information. We use this personally identifiable information as follows:
Casino Careers requires that you provide your email address so that we are able to respond to your question(s) by email.
Casino Careers automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP Address and the page you requested. Your IP address is not linked to your email address or Casino Careers.
In certain areas of this site, we require that you provide us with personally-identifiable information, in order to be able to use that portion or those portions of this site. For instance, the names and contact information of persons who visit our Web sites are added to our database so that, for example, they may be contacted in the future regarding Casino Careers products, services or future opportunities.
Such contact may occur by email, telephone or mail, as Casino Careers deems appropriate.
Casino Careers uses your email address for the following purposes:
To contact you about the Casino Careers services
To respond to your inquiries or emails
To solicit your opinion on matters related to our industry
To advise you of educational, marketing, or professional association events related to our industry
To communicate with you concerning problems or malfunctions you report
Information Sharing and Disclosure:
Casino Careers will not sell or rent your email address, name, mailing address, or other supplied information to anyone. Casino Careers will not share your email address, first or last name, mailing address, or other received information to anyone, except as stated below:
We may disclose personally identifiable information about you as legally required in order for us to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.
By using our website, you are agreeing to comply with all of our Terms and Conditions. For your privacy and protection, when applying to a job online, do not give your social security number to a prospective employer, provide credit card or bank account information, or perform any sort of monetary transaction. By completing the candidate resume posting process, the candidate accepts the responsibilities listed below. The candidate may remove their resume at any time. Casino Careers may remove a candidate's resume and prohibit him/her from reposting such resume, at any time, for any reason.
Candidate Responsibilities:
Candidate acknowledges and agrees to the following:
Candidate's use of Casino Careers is for the sole purpose of posting his/her resume for consideration by employers in the Gaming-Hospitality/Technology Industry who access Casino Careers to identify qualified candidates for positions within their company.
In order to help ensure confidentiality, candidates who elect the option to have their resume visible in the Confidential Format will not put their name, address or other contact information in the body of their resume. Each candidate will assume responsibility for the information they input related to their Work History.
Candidate agrees to respond to all employer correspondence relative to their application.
Candidate is solely responsible for the accuracy of the content they provide to Casino Careers.
Candidate will use the services of Casino Careers in ethical and legal ways.
Candidate accepts sole responsibility for any communication he/she may have with other users or potential employers found via Casino Careers.
Candidate will not copy, modify, distribute or sell any proprietary information of Casino Careers, LLC.
Candidate may only use those services that have been authorized for candidate's use.
Casino Careers, LLC Responsibilities:
Casino Careers, LLC makes no recommendation or endorsement of any commercial product, process or service that is mentioned, advertised, or referred to by Casino Careers, LLC.
Casino Careers, LLC expressly disclaims any warranty as to the accuracy of any information provided by an employer. Casino Careers, LLC relies solely on the employer to provide an accurate representation about their company and job opportunities. Casino Careers, LLC expressly disclaims any responsibility or warranty for the performance of the Internet or the security of any transmission over the Internet.
Casino Careers, LLC expressly disclaims any responsibility or warranty for confidentiality leaks outside Casino Careers, LLC control or use of Casino Careers, LLC by employer in ways not anticipated.
Indemnification:
Candidate understands that the use of any information obtained through Casino Careers, LLC is at the candidate's own risk and hereby agrees to indemnify, and hold harmless Casino Careers, LLC from any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses, resulting directly or indirectly from candidate's use of Casino Careers, LLC, unless such claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses arise from and have directly and solely been caused by the gross negligence or intentionally wrongful acts of Casino Careers, LLC.
Limitations of Liability Disclaimer:
Casino Careers, LLC makes no representation or warranty of any kind relating to candidate's use of Casino Careers, LLC or the information provided at Casino Careers, LLC, including, without limitation, any express or implied warranties of any kind; and, in addition, especially, makes no express or implied warranty of merchantability of services or products, or express or implied warranty of fitness for any particular purpose. in no event shall Casino Careers, LLC be liable for any damages, whether direct or indirect, consequential or incidental, general or special, or punitive, resulting directly or indirectly from candidate's use of Casino Careers, LLC or any part or all of the system by which Casino Careers, LLC services are provided, delivered or made available for use by candidate including confidentiality of candidate's profile. Casino Careers, LLC liability, in the event of any loss or damage, shall be limited to fees and charges, if any, paid to Casino Careers LLC services which resulted in said loss or damage.
Venue:
Candidate agrees that New Jersey law, regardless of conflicts, shall govern these terms of service, and that any dispute arising out of or relating to this web site or terms of service shall be subject to the federal and state courts of New Jersey.
The use of any information obtained through Casino Careers, LLC, is at the User's own risk. The User will at all times indemnify and hold harmless Casino Careers, LLC, dba Casino Careers, their affiliates, and the members, officers, directors, owners, successors, and assigns of each of them, from and against any and all third party claims, damages, liabilities, cost and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees and expenses arising out of a relating to any breach or alleged breach of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement, made by any other vendor, provider or organization with a banner, link, or any other representation on the Casino Careers, LLC web site.
Casino Careers, LLC, makes no recommendation or endorsement of any person, product, process, or service that is mentioned, advertised, or referred to on www.casinocareers.com.
Casino Careers, LLC, expressly disclaims any warranty as to the accuracy of any information provided by any person, vendor, provider or organization represented on www.casinocareers.com.
Casino Careers, LLC, relies solely on such persons, vendors, providers and organizations to provide an accurate representation about their products and services. As such, Casino Careers, LLC, do not warrant the accuracy or the correctness of such information. Casino Careers, LLC, expressly disclaims any responsibility or warranty for the performance of the Internet or the security of any transmission over the Internet.
Casino Careers, LLC, expressly disclaims any responsibility or warranty for information leaks beyond the control of Casino Careers, LLC, or the use of information provided by Casino Careers, LLC, or persons, vendors, providers and organizations represented on www.casinocareers.com or its affiliate site.
Job Seekers/Candidates accessing, using or linking to the Casino Careers, LLC site may not disclose, use, misuse, communicate (electronically or any other medium) to a 3rd party, or post to another web site any material, data, images, text or graphics that infringes on the copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of Casino Careers, LLC, without the expressed written permission of Casino Careers.
"Proprietary Information" means any information received by the Job Seekers/Candidates at any time from, or on the Casino Careers, LLC web site, or the Casino Careers, LLC, staff including, but not limited to technical, career, or resume-related information in the form of questions, designs, concepts, requirements, specifications, software, interfaces, components, processes, etc.
The Casino Careers staff will never ask for your password via phone or email. Please disregard such requests as Spam.