https://www.rmaelectronics.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTOR OF INDUSTRIAL VIDEO PRODUCTS RMA Electronics
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
My Account
Sign in or Create an account
Lenses
Azure Lenses
Computar Lenses
FOCtek Photonics Lenses
Fujinon Lenses
Goyo Lenses
HIKROBOT Lenses
Kowa Lenses
Navitar Lenses
Ricoh Lenses
Schneider Optics Lenses
Senko ADL Lenses
Tamron Lenses
Theia Technologies Lenses
Tuss Vision Lenses
VS Technology Lenses
Yamano Lenses
Zeiss Lenses
Cameras
Allied Vision Cameras
Blue Mango Cameras
Crevis Cameras
Fujinon Cameras
Ganz Cameras
HIKROBOT Cameras
Hitachi Cameras
Ikegami Cameras
iShot Cameras
Kowa Cameras
Panasonic Cameras
Sony Cameras
Tamron Cameras
RMA Cameras
Videotec Pan and Tilt
Video Capture
Euresys Video Capture
Software
Euresys Software
Multicamera Systems Software
Accessories
Cables and Accessories
Monitors
Optical Filters
Pan and Tilt
All Products
Manufacturers
Allied Vision
Azure Photonics
Blue Mango Technology
Computar
Euresys
FOCtek Photonics
Fujinon
Ganz
Goyo Optical
HikRobot
Hitachi
Ikegami
Intercon
iShot
Kowa
Midwest Optical Systems
Multicamera Systems
Navitar
Orion Images
Panasonic
Ricoh
Schneider Optics
Senko ADL
Sony
Tamron
Theia Technologies
Videotec
VS Technology
Contact
RMA Electronics Inc. Privacy Policy
RMA Electronics Inc. respects the privacy of our customers. The Privacy policy on this page is to better help you understand how any personal information that RMA Electronics Inc. collects and receives is treated when ordering any products RMA Electronics Inc. destributes. Please read the content below to learn more about our privacy policy and commitment.
This Privacy Policy is effective immediately for users and customers on or after May 25, 2018 and will become effective on May 25, 2018 for users & customers that already have accounts.
1. Who We Are
RMA Electronics Inc. ("We" or "Our" or "Us" or "RMA") collects and uses your Personal Data in accordance with this privacy policy and in compliance with the applicable data protection laws. This policy provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data. RMA Electronics Inc. is a company registered at 5 Pond Park Road. Unit #12, Hingham, MA 02043 USA, and acts as the data controller when processing your data.
2. What Is Personal Data?
In the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") personal data is defined as: "…any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
3. Our Promise to Privacy Commitment
RMA Electronics Inc. does not collect nor process any Personal Data that is not provided by our users specifically, voluntarily and consciously. We guarantee that our staff complies with the strictest standards of safety and confidentiality and that processing of said Personal Data is carried out with total respect of international legislations.
4. Information We Use
We take your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent, unless required to do so by law. We only retain your Personal Data for as long as is necessary and for the purposes specified in this policy. The information we collect helps us develop, deliver, protect, and improve our products, services, content, and customer communications.
Personal Data is collected and stored if and only if you purchase a product from RMA, request a product trial, contact sales or support, or subscribe to our newsletter. We store name & email address that you provide us with, as well as which product you purchased. At no point in the purchase process does RMA access or store your payment details (credit card number or PayPal account details).
5. How We Use Data
We process your Personal Data to meet our legal and contractual obligations, and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this policy.
We may collect and use your e-mail address to reply to your customer support requests, to send you product updates, or to communicate with you for other important manufacture's related information. We may occasionally send you marketing information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as a client and in our interests. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing newsletters, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time. There’s an easy to find Opt-Out button in the emails you may receive from RMA.
6. Cookies & Anonymous Data
RMA may use cookies to collect anonymous information such as browser type, operating system version and date of access. Our cookies cannot be used to identify users. A cookie is a little package of information sent to your browser and stored in the hard drive of your computer. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. We use the information we collect in this manner to better understand our users' interaction with our website and to optimize the user experience. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but please note that certain features on our website may not be available as a result.
Here are some examples of non-personal information that we collect – either by ourselves or through the use of third-party services: When you visit our website, we keep logs of your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, referring and exit pages, operating system and date/time stamp. We use Google Analytics to collect strictly anonymous information on the usage of our websites and products. This information is processed by RMA in order to enhance and customize content and user experience. If you’d like to block Google Analytics, follow the instructions here. In our email communications, we may use other technologies like "pixel tags" and "click-through URLs" in order to determine if an email has been opened and which links have been clicked. This way, we can determine and improve the effectiveness of our communications. Pixel tags are small images shown inside an HTML email; you can disable tracking by disabling HTML in your email client. A link with a click-through URL, when clicked, first sends the user to a web server which records the click, and then to the link's destination.
7. 3rd Party Services
Here’s a list of third party services that we use, who they are and what type of data they store. If available, we also include the ability to opt out:
MailChimp
MailChimp is our trial automation & mailing list management tool. Shared Data: e-mail, name, product license key.
Privacy Policy: http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
BigCommerce
BigCommerce is our Ecommerce platform. We maintain, update and host our store through their services.
Privacy Policy: https://www.bigcommerce.com/privacy/
8. Links to Other Websites
Our site may contain links that belong to our manufactures or other third parties. Any third party website featured on our site has its own privacy policy. You should check their terms. We do not accept liability or responsibility for their privacy policies, based on our lack of control over these third party links.
9. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 18, we will promptly delete this information. Parents or guardians can contact us at info@rmaelectronics.com.
10. Your Rights
You have the right to access any Personal Data that we process about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you;
Purposes of the processing;
The categories of personal data concerned;
The recipients to whom the personal data has been/will be disclosed;
How long we intend to store your personal data for;
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source;
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to be forgotten of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us. Accordingly, you have the right to request access to your data or to instruct us to remove data permanently from our systems by contacting us at info@rmaelectronics.com.
Where applicable, you have the right to data portability of your information and the right to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use. If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Questions or Support
If you have questions or wish to give us feedback on our current Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@rmaelectronics.com.
Quick Links
HOME
PRODUCTS
MANUFACTURERS
ABOUT US
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
CUSTOMER CORNER
Customer Care
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
RETURN POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
SHIPPING & DELIVERY
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING & RETURN POLICY
EVALUATION POLICY
CREDIT CARD ORDER FORM
RMA CREDIT APPLICATION
Join Our Newsletter
Contact
+1 (781) 749-9700
info@rmaelectronics.com
Address
RMA Electronics, Inc.
35 Pond Park Road. Unit #12
Hingham, MA 02043 USA
Open Monday - Friday, 9:00AM - 5:00PM EST
We accept Mastercard, Visa, AMEX, Amazon Pay and Paypal
Attention Customers: We take fraudulent online activity very seriously and will pursue all such matters.
All prices are in USD Copyright 2020 RMA Electronics, INC.
Go Top