https://www.mrprint.com/terms-of-registration
Create an Account
Login
×Close
Shop By Equipment
Home
Terms of Registration
Terms of Registration
By clicking on the "I Accept" button below, you indicate that you have reviewed, and that you understand and accept, the terms of registration contained below, the Privacy Policy, the Terms of Registration and the Terms and Conditions.
The M&R Companies Inc. requires that you select a User ID and Password during the registration process. By requesting a User ID and Password, you represent and warrant that you have authority to purchase for your own account or that you have the authority to purchase on behalf of the entity that you represent. Your unique User ID and Password together shall constitute your signature ("Signature"). A Signature affixed to or contained in any transmitted document shall be sufficient to prove that you originated the document and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof. You shall not disclose your Signature to any unauthorized person.
In consideration of your use of parts.mrprint.com, you agree to be solely responsible for: (a) providing true, accurate, current, and complete information as prompted by parts.mrprint.com's registration form (the "Registration Information"), and (b) maintaining and promptly updating the Registration Information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. By submitting such information, you agree that it will be governed by The M&R Companies Inc. Privacy Policy. You may change or delete your Registration Information at any time by using your User ID and Password to access such information. If you provide any Registration Information that is false, inaccurate, out of date, or incomplete, or The M&R Companies Inc. has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is false, inaccurate, out of date, or incomplete, The M&R Companies Inc. may suspend or terminate your User ID and the account of your Purchasing Principal and refuse any and all current or future use of parts.mrprint.com (or any portion thereof).You are responsible for ensuring the confidentiality and security of your Signature. The M&R Companies Inc. is not liable for any unauthorized use of parts.mrprint.com. You agree to immediately notify The M&R Companies Inc. of any unauthorized use of your User ID or Password or any other breach of site security of which you become aware. You shall remain liable for: (i) all confidential or proprietary information disclosed as a result of any failure to provide any notice required under this Section; and (ii) if applicable, all orders submitted before The M&R Companies Inc. is so notified and has a reasonable opportunity to act upon such notice. The M&R Companies Inc. may, without notice, choose to block your access to parts.mrprint.com if The M&R Companies Inc. has reason to believe that your User ID or Password are being used by unauthorized persons, or that unauthorized access to Registration Information has occurred or may occur, or for other reasons deemed appropriate by The M&R Companies Inc. in its sole discretion.
The Terms of Registration are entered into by and between The M&R Companies Inc., and you, and the entity on whose behalf you are authorized to purchase. The M&R Companies Inc. reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend these Terms by updating this page.
The Gauntlet III is a beast and is built to run 24/7/365.
We have had our Gauntlet III in production for nearly 3 months and have been thrilled with the machine. We have already put over 120,000 impressions on the machine and it is still going strong. We have found that the individual off-contact for each printhead helps with various printing techniques. It is also a plus to be able to adjust in 1/16” increments when needed. Our first job was a 9-color on dark apparel with a 17” print stroke and one flash. We were able to run the machine comfortably at 920 pieces per hour. The addition of the laser for print placements has saved us valuable time where we used to mark our pallets with a T-Square. The touchscreen interface is very user friendly and easy to make adjustments when needed.Having a built-in maintenance schedule [M&R’s Maintenance Minder™] for the machine is another perk and allows management to easily assure that the presses are being properly maintained. We have not had any problems to date with the machine but are at ease knowing that all parts that we could ever need are able to be overnighted to us.Overall, we have seen an increase in our production numbers due to the efficiencies gained with the newest technology on the market. We are able to run as fast as we can clear a screen and dry our underbase. Simply put, the Gauntlet III is a beast and is built to run 24/7/365.
- Steve Rhodes, Owner
Impressionz Printing - USA
M&R makes the most high quality screen printing equipment in the world.
M&R makes the most high quality screen printing equipment in the world. Even with that said, parts get old and can wear out. Usually, at the worst possible time. It’s times like those that we’re glad we chose M&R as our equipment manufacturer. Even years after the sale, we can count on M&R 24/7. They are part of the fabric that is Ink Brigade. An instrumental partner in our success.A frantic call in the middle of the night is always met on the other end of the line by an experienced member of their service staff who expertly diagnoses my issue, and starts the process of solving our problem. No matter the age, or oddball part, the parts department makes sure I’ll have what I need the next morning. My printing crew hardly misses a beat and we don’t miss the deadline. That makes for happy customers and makes me appreciate M&R more and more every year. We rest easy knowing people like Dan Goldberg and the rest of the service and parts departments are working hard for us behind the scenes every day.
- Jamie McParland, Co-Owner
Ink Brigade Screen Printing - USA
M&R proves why they are the leader when it comes to printing equipment.
We have been using our new I-Image STE for about 2 weeks now and it works great. Installation and training was a breeze, could not have been easier. It is the biggest time saver we have ever added to our process. We are printing and exposing screens in less than 90 seconds. Not only does it eliminate film cost completely, it produces screens faster and reduces setup time at the press. On top of that we are holding greater detail than ever before.Once again M&R proves why they are the leader when it comes to printing equipment. Great job guys!
- Phil Rideout, President
R&R Enterprises - USA
i-Image ST is the biggest improvement to prepress we’ve ever seen.
Our new i-Image ST is the biggest improvement to prepress we’ve ever seen. It’s eliminated our need for film, and unlike film, digital images are easy to store and retrieve, making blown-screen replacement a snap.i-Image ST has improved our screen quality, increased screen-generation speed, and reduced cost. Screen production is way up because we’ve cut exposure times by 75%. And i-Image has virtually eliminated post-processing screen touch-ups. We could never produce screens of this quality—or at this speed—the conventional way. Our CTS screens are unmatched.Multi-screen jobs come out perfectly registered, and since i-Image ST pre-registers screens for Tri-Loc, our entire prepress process, from screen prep to registration, has been cut dramatically.Our i-Image ST will probably end up being one of the fastest returns on investment we’ve ever had.
- John & Dan Smithline
Guerilla Graffix - USA
The Sprint 3000 Is Superb
The Sprint 3000 is superb and we are really, really happy with it. We've got the recipes dialed in for our inks now and it's running great. We have noticed improvements in the finish on our plastisols, too. They seem to be coming through much softer. Assuming it's because we are much more efficiently curing than with the electric curers!
- Michael Dixon, Production Manager
Awesome Merchandise - UNITED KINGDOM