https://www.downingdisplays.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
close X
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
This website is the responsibility of Downing Displays, Inc. (“Downing Displays”). Downing Displays can be contacted by phone at (513) 248-9800, or by email at info@downingdisplays.com.
This privacy policy covers downingdisplays.com’s treatment of personally identifiable information collected by downingdisplays.com through a website owned and operated by downingdisplays.com. We highly value your privacy and make this policy easily available throughout our site to assist you in understanding the handling of information in the course of using this site. The following policy applies to downingdisplays.com and related downingdisplay.com domains.
Registration and Use of Personal Information
When you visit any of our web pages, we may collect non-personally identifiable information to analyze our site usage. Information gathered may include: (1) the home server domain names, email addresses, type of client computer, and type of web browser visitors use when navigating www.downingdisplays.com, (2) the email addresses of visitors who choose to communicate with Downing Displays via email, and (3) user-specific information on what pages visitors access. Any information we gather is solely for Downing Displays to provide better service to you or to respond to your inquires. If in the process of visiting this site you provide us with personally identifiable information, rest assured that any such information you provide will not be shared with any third-party organization except with your express consent. Please note that if you post comments or articles to any forum, blog, or message board on this site, any personally identifiable information you provide in those comments or articles may be read, collated, and used by anyone viewing them. As such, we are not responsible for personally identifiable information you may choose to make available through these channels.
Personal data collected by Downing Displays will be used by Downing Displays for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for product and service development, for content improvement, and to customize content and layout of Downing Displays’s site. Data on visitors’ home servers is aggregated for internal review and then discarded. Names, postal and email addresses, and phone numbers collected may be added to Downing Display’s databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, monthly newsletters, eblasts, blog updates, and to respond to questions asked.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in any email we send to you or emailing info@downingdisplays.com with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Again, if you provide us with your email address and/or name for the purposes of receiving communications from us, this information will not be shared with any third-party organization except with your express consent.
Log Files and How We Use Cookies
This website utilizes industry standard analytics packages which gathers limited information on visitors to our website automatically, and stores this anonymous information in server log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, basic IP information, referring pages, operating system used and date/time stamps. This information does not identify individual users; it is used only for site administration, as well as for analysis of website usage and trends.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Demographic data collected from registration or surveys may be shared with others on an aggregate basis. Downing Displays will not sell or rent personal information to third parties. Downing Displays will not obtain visitor’s consent before posting collected demographic data on Downing Displays’ website, or sharing or disclosing demographic data to third parties. Any third party to which Downing Displays shares or otherwise discloses demographic data will be carefully pre-screened by Downing Displays, determined by Downing Displays to be reputable, and will use the demographic data for marketing products and services which Downing Displays determines, in its sole judgment, that visitors might find of interest. Downing Displays will disclose to third parties only information knowingly and voluntarily disclosed by visitors.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
Visitors may opt out of having their personal information collected by Downing Displays, used by Downing Displays for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties or used by Downing Displays or third parties to send promotional correspondences to the visitor, by sending an email to info@downingdisplays.com. Upon request via postal mail, by sending an email to info@downingdisplays.com, or phone, Downing Displays will provide to visitors a summary of any personal information retained by Downing Displays regarding the visitor. Visitors may modify, correct, change, or update their personal record or cause their personal record to be removed from Downing Displays’ database. Downing Displays will only send personal records to the email address on file for the visitor name associated with it.
Collection of Personal Data from Children
Downing Displays’ website is not intended for or marketed to persons under the age of 18. Downing Displays does not collect or post information from children under the age of 13 (“children”). In the event that Downing Displays did collect or post information from children, it would not do so without their parent’s or guardian’s consent. Downing Displays does not and will not provide any personally identifying information collected from children, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. In the event a child submits information to Downing Displays; website, the child’s parent or guardian will receive an email alerting them to the child’s registration and providing instructions on how the parent could delete the child’s registration, if so desired. Children are not allowed to participate in contests. Downing Displays encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Such measures include storing all data in a locked and guarded facility. Access to personal data is protected by passwords through the Downing Displays administration facilities. We follow accepted industry standards to protect any personal information you have provided to us.
However, please be aware that no method of electronic storage can ever be 100% secure. Therefore—as is the case with any organization—we are not in a position to guarantee the absolute security of your information.
You may submit any questions you may have about our security procedures by emailing us at info@downingdisplays.com.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other sites that are not controlled in any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies of any website other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest that you review the privacy policy of every website you visit, whether or not they are linked to by our own site.
Downing Displays’ Right to Contact User
Downing Displays reserves the right to contact site visitors regarding privacy policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to site visitors.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, send your comments to info@downingdisplays.com.