http://www.airblast.com/legal/privacy-statement
search
menu
Home
Home
Industries
Industries
Shipyard
shipyard
Oil and Gas
Oil and gas
Petrochemie
Petrochemical
Pipeline
Pipeline
Pipe cleaning equipment + winch
Airblast pipecoating equipment + winch
Pipe Blasting Machines
Metal
Metal
Roller Conveyor Shot Blasting Machines
Construction
Construction
Roller Conveyor Shot Blasting Machines
Products
Products
Blasting
Blasting
Painting
Painting
Portable paint spray equipment
Painting accessories
Airblast pipecoaters
Airblast paint rooms
Graco plural component sprayers.
Inspection
Inspection equipment
Step 1 - Climatic conditions
Step 2 - Surface Cleanliness
Step 3 - Surface profile
Step 4 - Coating thickness
Step 5 - Adhesion
Step 6 - Inspection
Abrasives
Airblast Abrasives
About us
About us
Our history
Our mission
Job Vacancies
Airblast on social media
Graco Gold Distributor
Airblast world wide
Airblast World Wide
The Netherlands
United Arab Emirates
Saudi Arabia
Qatar
Singapore
Malaysia
India
China
Australia
Indonesia
Poland
News & Tips
News & Tips
News
News
Airbalst at SteelFab 2020
Airblast Product Selection Guide 2019
Blastman training for Airblast sales professionals
Airblast Kaitai Shotblasting Conference
Merger AB-Techno Holding and Blastman Robotics
Projects - Blast Rooms and Blast Robots
Abrasive Cleaner Model K750
Supply Vacuum Blast Machines to Ship Building Industry
AirblasTechTips
AirblasTechTips
Tip #17 - Daily Checklist Blasting -and Safety Com
Tip #16 - Abrasive/Profile Comparative Chart
Tip #15 - Wheel Blast Cleaning Systems
Tip #14 - Corrosion types
Tip #13 - Compressed air
Tip #12 - Avoiding moisture in abrasive blasting
Tip #11 - Hydroblasting standards
Tip #10 - Estimating production rates blast cleaning
Tip #9 - Blast cabinets
Tip #8 - Abrasive Operating Mix
Tip #7 - Grit Recycling Systems
Tip #6 - Surface preparation
Tip #5 - Nozzle info
Tip #4 - Airblast Aquastorm
Tip #3 - Selecting Blast Cabinets
Tip #2 - Dehumidification
Tip #1 - Pipeblasting
Downloads
Downloads
Brochures
Brochures
Data sheets
Airblast data sheets
Blast machines
Vacuum blast equipment
Recycling
Mobile dust collectors
Vacuum recovery
Dehumidifiers
Compressed air aftercoolers
Blast cabinets
Aquastorm
Ultra high pressure water jetting
Pipe cleaning & coating equipment
Remote controle systems
Abrasive metering valves
Blasting nozzles
Nozzle holders and couplings
Hoses
Blast & paint helmets and accessories
Air receivers
Venturi blowers & jet fans
Inspection equipment
Blast lights
Airblast abrasives
Technical manuals
Airblast technical manuals
Blast machines - blue
Blast machines - red
Blast & paint helmets and accessories
Pipe cleaning equipment
Pipe coating equipment
Vacuum blast equipment
Vacuum recovery equipment
Inspection equipment
EC Declarations of Conformity
EC Declarations of Conformity
Contact
Airblast contact information
Contact us
Visit us
Join us as distributor
Group websites
Group websites
Sitemap							  •
Home
Industries
Products
About us
News & Tips
Downloads
Contact
Group websites
LegalDisclaimerPrivacy Statement
Legal  »  Privacy Statement
PRIVACY POLICY
Airblast B.V., situated in The Netherlands, Nijverheidsplein 2A, 1704 RB  Heerhugowaard is liable for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our services.Contact information Airblast B.V. Nijverheidsplein 2A 1704 RB  Heerhugowaard The Netherlands Tel.: +31 72 5718002info@airblast.comwww.airblast.com
Data collection and use We use your data to provide and improve our services. By using our services, you agree to the collection and use of personal data in accordance with this policy.
Personal data collected Airblast B.V. collects the following personal data: • First name and last name • Company name • Company address • Phone/Fax number • E-mail addressSpecial private data Our website and services do not knowingly collect special private data. If you believe we have collected special private data without your authorization, please contact us through info@airblast.com. We will remove that information from our records.Use of data Airblast B.V. uses the collected data for various purposes: • To send you our newsletter • To be able to contact you in order to provide and maintain our services • To notify you about changes to our products and services • Airblast B.V. also uses private data if legally required, such as information necessary for tax declarations. Automated decision making Airblast B.V. does not use profiling techniques or technology to automate decision making in conflict with privacy laws.
Retention of data Airblast B.V. will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.Disclosure of data Airblast B.V. does not sell your personal data to third parties and only discloses personal data to provide and maintain services to you. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal data if legally required or in response to valid requests by public authorities. We may employ third party companies to facilitate our services. These third parties have access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on (y)our behalf and are held by contract to the same protection level of your personal data as set in this Privacy Policy. Airblast B.V. remains liable for this use of personal data.Cookies Airblast B.V. does not use cookies to track the activity on our website.Your rights You have the right to view, rectify or delete personal data we hold about you. You also have the right to request restriction to processing your data and to the withdrawal of your consent to processing your data. You can request to obtain a copy of your personal data in a commonly used format so that you can manage and move it (data portability).You can send your request in this matter to info@airblast.com. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests by asking you to send us a copy of your ID on which the following needs to be obscured: the picture, MRZ (Machine Readable Zone, the numbers at the bottom side of the ID), ID-number and personal identity number or social security number (BSN number). We will react swiftly on your request, at the latest within 4 weeks. If you feel Airblast B.V. does not comply to your wishes in line with GDPR, and is not able or willing to resolve the issues you encounter in that respect, you can file a complaint with theDutch Data Protection Authority. The contact details of the Dutch Data Protection Authority are obtainable through following link:https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en/contact-dutch-dpa/contact-usSecurity of data The security of your data is important to us and we take appropriate measures to counter abuse, loss, unauthorized access and unwanted disclosure. If you feel your personal data is not well protected or if there are any signs of abuse, please contact us through info@airblast.com.
contact
Industries
shipyard
oil & gas
petrochemical
pipeline
metal
construction
Products
blasting
painting
inspection
steel abrasives
General
news
downloads
contact
general terms and conditions
disclaimer
privacy policy
Contact
Airblast B.V.
P.O. Box 1075
1700 BB Heerhugowaard
The Netherlands
tel.: +31 72 57 180 02
fax.: +31 72 57 143 40
email: info@airblast.com
sales: sales@airblast.com
Created by
Trefnet
• Powered by
Shark CMS