http://www.adamsrite.com/en/menu/legal-notice/
Legal Notice
Skip to main content
Home
Contact
eBusiness
ASSA ABLOY
ProductsSolutions Tech InfoTrainingWhere To BuyMarketing ToolsSustainabilityAbout
Home
Contact
eBusiness
ASSA ABLOY
Search
Legal NoticePrivacy Center
Legal Notice
PRIVACY AND LEGAL NOTICE
This is a general privacy and legal notice in relation to the ASSA ABLOY group (“ASSA ABLOY”) website. On this website, ASSA ABLOY provides online information. By accessing and using this site, you agree to be legally bound by and to comply with the following terms and conditions in this Privacy and Legal Notice.
We reserve the right to change or discontinue, at any time, any aspect or feature of this site, including the privacy and legal notice, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the modified aspect or feature of this site or the modified privacy and legal notice.
Legal Notice
This is a Legal Notice for the website www.adamsrite.com served by ASSA ABLOY Group ("ASSA ABLOY"), revised May 22, 2018.
What you need to know, in brief: on this site, ASSA ABLOY provides online information that is owned by ASSA ABLOY or other parties. By accessing and using this site, you agree to be bound legally by the terms and conditions of this Legal Notice. How we handle your personal data is described in our Privacy and Cookie Notices respectively.
Given the dynamic nature of our business, we reserve the right to change or discontinue at any time any aspect or feature of this site, including the content of this legal notice with linked notices. Such edits are effective immediately upon publishing them online and a replacement function may not be provided.
A more detailed legal explanation is provided below.
1. Copyright and Trademark
The content of this website (the "Content"), including, but not limited to text, graphics, images and videos, trademarks, brands, logos and software, is protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property and unfair competition laws (collectively, “Intellectual Property Laws”). Ownership of the content will not be passed on to you or any user of this site but shall remain with ASSA ABLOY or the third parties owning the Content posted on this site.
ASSA ABLOY owns the names used for the company's business and the names of the company's products, services and solutions mentioned on this site, and these names are all protected by Intellectual Property Laws. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
You are authorized, on a limited, personal, revocable, non-exclusive, and non-transferrable basis, to view, e-mail, download or print copies of the Content, but only for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may not modify, edit, alter, or enhance the Content. Unauthorized use of the Content may be interpreted as a violation of the laws of copyright, trademark and other laws. When sending by email, downloading or printing copies of the Content, you must also include all copyright notices and other notices that are included in the Content, including any copyright notices contained (or linked to) in the bottom of the page.
The Content may not be reproduced, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photographic, recorded or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of ASSA ABLOY. You may not sell or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or use the Content in any way for public or commercial purposes. You cannot put this site or parts of it in "frames" on other websites, or otherwise to “mirror” the Content and you agree not to copy any part of this site on a server. You further agree not to display or use names, logos or trademarks of ASSA ABLOY in any form without the prior written consent of ASSA ABLOY.
2. Terms of Use
The use of the Content on any other website or any other computer network environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited, although you can put hyperlinks in HTML from your site to this site, subject to these Terms of Use. We are granting a personal, non-exclusive, limited, revocable, and non-transferrable license to link to this site. You agree not to submit links to this site so that they can be associated with advertising or appear to be an endorsement of an organization, product or service. You agree not to post links to this site on any sites that may be reasonably considered obscene, defamatory, threatening, grossly offensive, or malicious. ASSA ABLOY reserves the right to revoke this license or your right to use specific links, at any time. If ASSA ABLOY revokes this license, you agree to remove and disable any and all links to this site immediately.
If you use the content in a way that is not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions, you may be violating copyright laws, trademark and other laws. If this is the case, ASSA ABLOY automatically revokes the permission of use of this site have the right to demand the immediate destruction of copies that have been made of any of the Content. Any rights not expressly granted by these terms and conditions are reserved.
If ASSA ABLOY learns of prohibited, illegal, or inappropriate use of this website, ASSA ABLOY may and respond in any way that ASSA ABLOY, at its sole discretion, deems appropriate. You acknowledge that ASSA ABLOY will have the right to report to law enforcement authorities any actions that may be considered illegal, as well as any reports it receives of such conduct, and may provide any additional information requested by law enforcement authorities, which may include other data about the use of this web site.
ASSA ABLOY may revise these terms of use at any time without notice by updating this posting. Your continued use of the web site after such modifications have been made will constitute your acceptance of such revised terms of use.
3. Statement of Responsibility
ASSA ABLOY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THIS WEB SITE OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED ON OR PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE. SO USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
ASSA ABLOY PROVIDES THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS AND SERVICES "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ASSA ABLOY, EXPRESS AND SPECIFICALLY, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF PROPERTY, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ASSA ABLOY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CONTINUITY OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL PRECAUTIONS NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT ANY CONTENT YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THIS SITE IS FREE OF ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER POTENTIALLY DESTRUCTIVE COMPUTER CODE.
ASSA ABLOY and any person or company associated with ASSA ABLOY shall not be liable for damages of any kind that result from the use or inability to use this website or any content, services or materials provided by this website or this site ("this protection"). This protection includes all claims, whether they are based on tort, warranty, contract, harmful acts, strict liability or any other legal theory, even if ASSA ABLOY was geared to the possibility of such damages or not. This protection covers all losses and damages, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary and punitive damages; damages resulting from bodily injury or homicide; lost profits; and damages resulting from lost data or business interruption.
4. Links to Other Sites and Advertisements
This site may contain links to third party sites. These links are provided solely for your convenience and do not represent an endorsement by ASSA ABLOY of the content contained in or provided by such third party sites. This site is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites; we do not review, control, or monitor the materials from third-party sites and we do not make any representations regarding the content, correctness or legitimacy of materials on these third party sites.
If you decide to access linked third party websites from this site, you must do so at your own risk. The use of third party websites is subject to the Terms of Use for those third-party sites, including their privacy policies.
If this site decides to include third party advertisements, such advertisements may contain links to other sites. Unless otherwise specified, this site does not endorse any product or make any representations regarding the content, correctness or legitimacy of any materials contained in, or available via link from any advertisement on this site.
5. Social Media Widgets
The site may connect to social platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube or Twitter either as a link to our channels on those platforms or as a convenience to post content in your own feed there. To understand how and what information is collected and what cookies are installed by the third party, check the privacy policy of their social platform.
6. Unsolicited Ideas
ASSA ABLOY does not accept unsolicited suggestions or ideas.  If you nevertheless submit your ideas to ASSA ABLOY, and notwithstanding anything you may say or write in connection with a submission, unless ASSA ABLOY enters a separate written agreement covering a submission, any submission to ASSA ABLOY or its affiliates, including ideas for new products or technologies, improvements or enhancements to existing products or technologies, processes, materials, marketing or promotional plans, or new product names, shall be made under the following terms and conditions:
ASSA ABLOY shall be under no obligation to keep the submission secret or receive it on a confidential basis;
ASSA ABLOY shall be under no obligation to review the submission or respond to the submitter;
ASSA ABLOY shall be under no obligation to offer or make any form of compensation for the submission;
The submitter warrants that it is authorized to make the submission and that the submission does not violate any obligation that the submitter has to a present or former employer or to any other party.
7. Export Control
The Content may be subject to laws and regulations of the United States of America governing the license and delivery of technology and products abroad, including the U.S. Export Control Regulations, and any successor legislation or regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce, International Trade Administration, or Office of Export Licensing. Diversion of such materials contrary to United States law is prohibited. No content or other information acquired through the use of this web site, may be acquired for, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals, nor may they be used for nuclear activities, chemical or biological weapons, or missile projects, unless specifically authorized by the United States Government for such purposes. You shall comply strictly with all United States export laws and assume sole responsibility for obtaining licenses to export or re-export as may be required.
8. Contact information
If you have questions or concerns about this Legal Notice you can contact us at Privacy.Americas@assaabloy.com or Privacy Manager, ASSA ABLOY Americas, 110 Sargent Drive, New Haven CT  06511.
For more information regarding the cookies used on this website please contact us at privacy.americas@assaabloy.com.
E-mail
Print
About
News
Warranty
Employment
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Products
Deadlocks
Deadlatches
Flushbolts & Pivots
Exit Devices
Electric Strikes
Trim
Accessories
Power
Training
Marketing Resources
The RITE Door
Visit Alarm Controls
Visit HES
Visit Securitron
Contact Us
1-800-626-7590
Where to Buy
Adams Rite is a brand associated with Hanchett Entry Systems, Inc., an ASSA ABLOY Group company. Copyright © 2020, Hanchett Entry Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without the express written permission of Hanchett Entry Systems, Inc. is prohibited. | Legal | Cookies | Contact | Do Not Sell My Information
Experience a safer and more open world