https://www.papamurphys.com/privacy-policy
Back to topYIKES! ERROROur servers must be having a bad day.You can try to refresh the page or click on the helpful link below.Go to HomepagePRIVACY POLICY
MOST RECENT UPDATE: November 30, 2020
Papa Murphy’s ("Papa Murphy’s" or the "Company") values your privacy and we want you to understand what information we collect from you and how we handle it. In this Privacy Policy ("Policy"), we explain how we collect, use and disclose personal information relating to your Papa Murphy’s orders and your use of our "Services," which includes our website, www.papamurphys.com (our "Website"), our Apps (our "App"), and our other online services. If you have any questions, please feel free to Contact Us.
When you interact with us or use our Services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of our Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms and Conditions, available at www.papamurphys.com/terms-and-conditions, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. Papa Murphy’s Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Policy. Use of the App is also governed by the separate user agreement, available at https://www.olo.com/terms/, of the App’s owner, Olo, Inc.
OVERVIEW OF OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We think transparency is important. In this overview, we summarize the personal information we collect and how we use it, which is further explained in our Privacy Policy below. While the actual information we collect and our use of such personal information varies depending upon the nature of our relationship and interactions, the information below provides a general overview of the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which we use such information. In some cases, such as where required by applicable laws, we will obtain your consent prior to collecting certain personal information.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Generally, we collect the following types of personal information:
Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, rewards program identifier, IP address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Customer records: paper and electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, current employment, employment history, social security number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial or payment information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, sex, age, disability or veteran status. (Note: any such information is collected subject to applicable law and, generally, on a voluntary basis.)
Commercial information: including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information: including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including access logs and other usage data related to your use of any company websites, applications or other online services.
Geolocation data: precise location information about a particular individual or device.
Audio, video and other electronic data: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such as CCTV footage, photographs, and call recordings.
Employment history: professional or employment-related information.
Education information: education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Inferences: inferences drawn from personal information to create a profile reflecting a resident’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes.
Use of Personal Information
In general, we may use and disclose the personal information we collect for the following business and commercial purposes:
To provide our Services
To personalize your experiences with us
For marketing and promotional purposes
To send you App notifications, emails, and text messages (with your consent)
To understand and improve our Services
To administer our loyalty program
To protect our legal rights and prevent misuse
For compliance with legal obligations
Related to our general business operations
California residents. If you are a California resident, please refer to the Additional Information for California Residents section below for important information about the categories of personal information we collect and disclose, as well as your rights under California privacy laws., including your right to submit a “Do Not Sell My Information” request (i.e., to opt out of the sale of your personal information by us) here .
You may also opt out of most third-party tags and cookies on our Website, using our Cookie Preference Manager. Your settings are browser and device specific—so, if you come back to our Website from a different device or browser, or you delete cookies on your current browser, you will need to apply these settings again.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information from you through various sources: information that you provide to us directly; information that we collect automatically when you use our Services; and information that we collect from third parties (which often are our service providers, but also could be marketing partners, social networking sites, or other entities). We generally combine the information that we collect about you from these various sources.
Information We Collect Directly. We collect information directly from you, such as:
· Registration: If you register with us (such as through our Website, App or loyalty programs), we collect information from you, such as your name, email, phone number, and a password and security question, as well as other relevant information you choose to provide, such as favorite store and items, birthday (MMDD), marketing preferences, billing and contact information and other demographic information.
· Orders and purchases: we maintain records of your orders and purchases, both online and in-store.
· Marketing programs: If you join our email, text or other marketing programs, we collect your email address, mobile number or other relevant contact information, your zip code, and any other information that you choose to provide to us.
· Orders and purchases: When you make a purchase or place an order with us (online or otherwise), we collect and maintain information about your order including items, instructions, name, contact information, payment card and other billing information (including payment card and billing address), coupons and offers redeemed.
· Surveys and other information: We also collect any information that you provide to us, including information that you submit in response to surveys, information requests from us, or other correspondence with us. We may provide you with the option of purchasing products through our App.
Information We Collect Automatically. We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Website, App or other Services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, including technologies designed specifically for Apps: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address and general location information; the length of time you visit our Website and App, and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Website.
We also may collect the following information about your use of our App: mobile device ID; language information; device name and model; operating system type, name, and version; your activities within the App, and the length of time that you are logged into our App. With your permission, we also will collect your device’s location information, including when you are not using the App (this helps us find you appropriate offers and direct you to a nearby Papa Murphy’s). You may disable our collection of your location information in your device settings.
Please see the section Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms below for more information.
Information We Collect from Third Parties. We also may collect information about you from third parties, including marketing and advertising agencies, third party partners, subsidiaries and affiliates, and franchisees. For example, if you make a purchase from us, we may work with third parties to send you offers, coupons and deals; these third parties may provide us with your contact information or we may work with them to send you these offers, coupons and deals on our behalf. We also may receive order information from franchisees.
If you are a California resident, please see the Additional Information for California Residents section at the end of this Policy for information about the categories of personal information we collect from California residents.
OUR USE OF INFORMATION
We may use your information, including your personal information, for the following business and commercial purposes:
· To provide our Services: to operate our Website, App and other Services; to communicate with you about your use of our Website and our App; to respond to your inquiries, questions and comments; to fulfill your orders; and for other customer service purposes.
· To personalize your experiences with us: to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Website and our App. For example, if you grant us permission to see your location while you are using our App, we might direct you to the closest Papa Murphy’s to you.
· For marketing and promotional purposes: to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We also may use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our services on third party websites. We may use information such as your in-store transactional and purchase history, along with information we collect about you from third parties for marketing purposes.
· To send you App notifications, emails, and text messages (with your consent): If you use our App, with your permission we will send you push notifications. If you use our App, we will send you push notifications, including notices about stores near your current location. You may opt-out of these notifications through the preference settings on your device. If you sign up for text offers and/or emails, we also send you offers and deals via text and/or emails, which may include, for example, coupons for particular locations.
· To understand and improve our Services: to better understand how you use our Website, App and other Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis. For example, if we know what features of our Website or our App users like the most or the least, we can improve upon our Website and our App. We also will use your information to respond to user preferences as well as for research and analytical purposes.
· To administer our loyalty program: If you join our loyalty program, we also use the personal information we collect about you as necessary to track rewards and otherwise manage and administer our loyalty program.
· To protect our legal rights and prevent misuse: to protect the Website and other online services and our business operations; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and access, and other misuse; where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy.
· For compliance with legal obligations: to comply with the law or legal proceedings. For example, we may disclose information in response to subpoenas, court order, and other lawful requests by regulators and law enforcement, including responding to national security or law enforcement disclosure requirements.
· Related to our general business operations: to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, and other business transactions, and where necessary to the administration of our general business, accounting, recordkeeping and legal functions
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information, including personal information, as follows:
· Affiliates and franchisees: We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates, subsidiaries, and franchisees; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this Policy.
· Service providers: We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. For example, if you place an order through our Website, you will be directed to a third party service provider’s platform to collect and process payment information.
· Business transfers: If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected about you to the other company.
· In response to legal process: We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
· To protect us and others: We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
If you are a California resident, please see the Additional Information for California Residents section at the end of this Policy for information about how we share the personal information we collect about California residents.
OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING MECHANISMS
We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms, including tracking technologies designed for mobile apps, to track information about your use of our Website and our App. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf).
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive or your device through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Website and our App, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you disable cookies on your web browser, you will be able to view our Website, but our ordering platform may not work properly. You can also manage your preferences for most cookies on our Website, by using our Cookie Preference Manager. Your settings are browser and device specific—so, if you come back to our Website from a different device or browser, or you delete cookies on your current browser, you will need to apply these settings again.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer's hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Website and our App to, among other things, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML e-mails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser "do-not-track" requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions at the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance websites. You can manage your preferences for targeting cookies and tags on our Website by using our Cookie Preference Manager. Your settings are browser and device specific—so, if you come back to our Website from a different device or browser, or you delete cookies on your current browser, you will need to apply these settings again.
Third Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate use of our Website and, to the extent permitted, our App. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our services. We use these tools to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services.
TARGETED ADVERTISING AND AD NETWORKS
We may send users targeted ads, including in-App ads and banner ads. In order to do so, we may also work with third party ad networks, analytics companies, channel partners, measurement services and others ("third party ad companies") to manage our advertising on our Website and App and on third party sites, mobile apps and online services. We and these third party ad companies may use cookies, pixels tags, and other tools to collect your IP address, device ID, cookie and advertising IDs, and other identifiers and general location information, as well as information about your use of our Services (and third party sites and services), and, with your consent, your device’s geolocation information. We and these third party ad companies may use this information to provide you more relevant ads and content and to evaluate the success of our ad campaigns.
You can manage your preferences for targeting cookies and tags on our Website by using our Cookie Preference Manager.
Your settings are browser and device specific—so, if you come back to our Website from a different device or browser, or you delete cookies on your current browser, you will need to apply these settings again. You may also opt-out of many third-party ad networks and obtain more information about targeting advertising through one of the following links:
www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
www.aboutads.info/choices/
Opting out of one or more ad networks only means that those networks no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Website or other web sites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your opt-out may no longer be effective.
Custom Audiences and Matching. We may disclose certain information (such as your email address) with third parties so that we can better target ads and content to our users, and others with similar interests on these third parties’ platforms or networks ("Custom Audiences").
THIRD PARTY LINKS
We may provide links on our Website or through our App to third party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.
SECURITY OF MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have implemented safeguards to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, mobile device, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
ACCESS TO MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
California residents: Please see the Additional Information for California Residents section at the end of this Policy for information about your rights as a California Resident to access the personal information we collect from you.
You may modify certain personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Website or App for a period of time.
YOUR CHOICES
We may send periodic promotional emails to you. You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you emails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us. If you opt-in we may also send you marketing texts; you also may opt-out of the text messaging program by texting "STOP" at any time to 90421.
Deactivation of Your App Account.
At any time, you may remove the App from your phone by following the instructions on your device. In addition, you may "close" your App account by submitting a request here: https://papamurphys.formstack.com/forms/myslice.
Information collected by the App is not deleted when you remove the App or “close” your account, and Papa Murphy’s and its service providers may retain access to the information that you submitted through the App.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
Our services are not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us at:
Email: guestservices@papamurphys.com
Phone: 844-620-2501
Mail: Papa Murphy’s International LLC Guest Services Department 8000 NE Parkway Drive, Suite 350 Vancouver, WA 98662
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on this Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
In this section, we provide information for California residents
about how we handle their personal information, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). This section does not address or apply to our handling of publicly available information made lawfully available by state or federal governments or other personal information that is subject to an exemption under the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed. (Last Updated: October 12, 2020)
Our collection, use and disclosure of personal information varies
based upon our relationship and interactions with you. In this section we describe, generally, how we have collected and disclosed personal information about consumers in the prior 12 months (from the Last Updated date above).
The list below sets out generally the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected about consumers, as well as how we have disclosed such information for a business purpose (such as to companies that provide services to us, or where we are required by law to do so). For more information about the business and commercial purposes for which we collect, use, and sell personal information, please see the Information We Collect section above, and for the purposes described in the section Our Use of Personal Information above.
Name, contact information and other identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, rewards program identifier, IP address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; franchise owners; and our marketing partners
Customer records: paper and electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, current employment, employment history, social security number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial or payment information, medical information, or health insurance information. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; franchise owners; and our marketing partners.
Protected classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, sex, age, disability or veteran status. (Note: any such information is collected subject to applicable law and, generally, on a voluntary basis.) We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; franchise owners; and our marketing partners.
Commercial information: including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; franchise owners; and our marketing partners.
Internet or other electronic network activity information: including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including access logs and other usage data related to your use of any company websites, applications or other online services. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; and our marketing partners.
Geolocation data: precise location information about a particular individual or device. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; and operating systems and platforms.
Audio, video and other electronic data: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such as, CCTV footage, photographs, and call recordings. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; and operating systems and platforms.
Employment history: professional or employment-related information. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; franchise owners; and our marketing partners.
Education information: education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99). We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; franchise owners; and our marketing partners.
Inferences: inferences drawn from personal information to create a profile reflecting a resident’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. We may disclose this information to the following categories of third parties: service providers; our advisors and agents; government entities and law enforcement; our affiliates and subsidiaries; advertising networks; data analytics providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; and our marketing partners.
Do We "Sell" Personal Information? The CCPA defines a "sale" as disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
While we do not disclose personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation from such third parties, we do disclose or make available
the following categories of personal information in order to receive certain services, information, or benefits from third parties: identifiers; customer records; commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences. We share these categories with third-party advertising networks, social networks, data analytics providers, and franchise owners (such as when we allow third -party tags to collect browsing history and other information on our Website to improve and measure our ad campaigns).
Sources of Personal Information. As further described in the Information We Collect section above, we may collect personal information from the following sources:
• directly from the individual
• advertising networks
• data analytics providers
• social networks
• internet service providers
• operating systems and platforms
• data brokers
• business customers
• our franchisees
California Residents’ Rights. In general, California residents have the following rights with respect to personal information:
Do-not-sell (opt out): California residents have the right to opt-out of our sale of their personal information. Opt-out rights can be exercised by submitting a request as set out below. We do not sell personal information about residents who we know are
younger than 16 years.
Request to delete: California residents have the right to
request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted (without charge), except where an exemption applies.
Request to know:
California residents, with respect to the personal information we have collected about them in the prior 12 months, have the right to require that we disclose the following to them (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions):
o
categories of personal information collected;
o
categories of sources of personal information;
o
categories of personal information about them we have disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
o
categories of third parties to whom we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose their personal information;
o
the business and/or commercial purposes for collecting or selling personal information; and
o
a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
Right to non-discrimination: the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA Requests. To submit a request to know, request to delete, or do-not-sell request:
· Submit a request online here
· Contact as toll-free at 1-844-620-2501
You may also opt out of most third-party tags and cookies on our Website, using our
Cookie Preference Manager. Your settings are browser and device specific—so, if you come back to our Website from a different device or browser, or you delete cookies on your current browser, you will need to apply these settings again.
We will respond to requests received from California residents as required by law.
When you submit a request to know or a request to delete, we will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. This may include us sending an email to the address we have on file and asking you to verify that you indeed submitted a request.
You must complete all required fields on our webform (or otherwise provide us with this information via the above toll-free number) to verify your request. In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request. If we are unable to adequately verify a request, we will notify the requestor. Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual by submitting a request here or contacting us via the above toll-free number; authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
California Privacy Rights under California’s Shine-the-Light Law
Under California’s "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide us their personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we may from time-to-time share with third parties for their own direct marketing use; such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third party sharing in the prior calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing at guestservices@papamurphys.com, using the subject line "California Privacy Information." In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address. We will reply to valid requests by sending a response to the email address from which you submitted your request. Our response to you will be limited to information on covered sharing and the relevant details required by the Shine the Light law.