http://www.harrisandassociates.com/pub/terms-of-use/
Follow Us
Innovators Podcast
Join Meeting
About
Our Firm
Consultants
Partnerships
Practices
Higher Education
Academic Medicine
Research
Healthcare Administration
Searches
Success Stories
Publications
Contact
About
Consultants
Partnerships
Practices
Higher EducationAcademic MedicineResearchHealthcare Administration
Searches
Success Stories
Publications
Contact
Join Meeting
Terms of Use
We appreciate your interest in Harris Search Associates. Welcome to our recruiting website (the "Site") for Harris Search Associates and its affiliates or successors in interest in the United States (respectively, “Harris Search Associates
or an “Affiliate”). By accessing or using the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your access to and use of the Site ("Terms of Use").
Use of Site
The sole purpose of this website is to provide information about Harris Search Associates, our services, and to enable you to submit information (“Submissions”) to apply for employment positions with Harris Search Associates’ client companies.
Use of this Site does not create an employment relationship between you and Harris Search Associates. You expressly agree that no such employment relationship will be created without further review of the Submission, an appropriate successful
interview process, background and reference checks (where applicable), verification of identity and the legal right to work, and issuance and acceptance of a formal written offer of employment.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, continued use of the Site by you is not authorized.
Harris Search Associates may revise the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. The revised Terms of Use will be effective when posted to the Site.
Electronic Signatures
By using the Site and providing Submissions, you agree to transact electronically through the Site. You agree that your electronic signature is the legal equivalent of your manual signature. You further agree that your use of a key pad, mouse
or other device to select an item, button, icon or similar act/action, constitutes your signature as if actually signed by you in writing. You also agree that no certification authority or other third party verification is necessary to validate
your electronic signature, and the lack of such certification or third party verification will not in any way affect the enforceability of your electronic signature.
In order to access, fulfill, and retain the following electronic forms, your computer must be equipped and compatible with the most common operating systems and internet browsers. This would include:
Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, Apple iOS, and other major operating systems
Microsoft Internet Explorer version 8 and later, Mozilla Firefox - latest version, Safari latest version + tablet versions, Chrome latest desktop version.
If you decline to use an electronic signature, you will be able to print your forms and sign them by hand, but will also be required to deliver the hand signed forms to the relevant Harris Search Associates company representative.
If you wish to obtain a paper copy of the forms you sign via the Site, you will be given the opportunity to download and print those forms once they have been executed.
After authorizing the use of your electronic signature, you may still withdraw your consent. To do so, you must contact Harris Search Associates for their withdrawal procedures and to understand any consequences or fees which may apply.
Consent for Communications
By providing your telephone number, you are providing express written consent to receive communications from Harris Search Associates, (including its Affiliates, agents, and service providers for the purposes defined above) for any purpose, including
but not limited to marketing various services from both Harris Search Associates and companies with which Harris Search Associates has joint marketing agreements. Additionally, you agree to receive communications from Harris Search Associates
regarding any service and any information you may have obtained via your use of the Site. You agree that these communications include, but are not limited to, the use of an Automated Telephone Dialing System, prerecorded and/or artificial voice,
SMS, MMS, text, fax, email or other similar means, regardless of whether your phone number is registered on a state or federal Do Not Call list. You agree that Harris Search Associates is not responsible for any charges to you regarding these
communications. Standard voice and data rates may apply. Further, you understand that you do not need to provide this consent to call as a condition to receive any good or service, in which case you will not provide your phone number.
Submissions
By making Submissions, you understand that the treatment of any personal information contained in the Submissions will be processed in accordance with Harris Search Associates’ Privacy Statement.
Privacy Statement
You warrant that: (a) you have the right and authority to provide any Submissions; (b) you have only disclosed information that is true, accurate and not misleading (including by omission) and nothing you have submitted is known by you to be false,
inaccurate, or misleading; (c) you have a legal right to live and be employed in the jurisdiction in which you are applying for employment. If that legal right is limited in time, you have disclosed when it expires; (d) you are the individual
who the Submissions relate to and that you have obtained permission from each person who appears and/or is referred to in your Submissions; (e) your Submissions, or any offer of employment that may result from your Submissions, would not infringe
any legal obligation that you may have to any third party, including under laws related to copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, confidentiality, notice period, restrictive covenant, non-competition or other intellectual property rights,
privacy rights, or any other legal or moral rights of any third party; (f) you were not, and will not be, compensated or granted any consideration by any third party for entering your Submission or taking up any offer of employment with Harris
Search Associates, an Affiliate, or any Harris Search Associates client, and any salary or wages paid to you upon taking up any offer of employment will not be remitted to any third party; and (g) there is no reason that you cannot perform all
job duties that you are applying for in a manner that is safe and not injurious to you or any other person, that has not been disclosed fully in your Submission, and you must immediately disclose any such reason should one arise.
You agree that you will neither use the Site in a manner, nor provide any Submission, that: (a) is defamatory, derogatory, degrading or harassing of another or constitutes a personal attack; (b) invades another's privacy or includes, copies
or transmits another's confidential, sensitive or personal information; (c) promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any group or individual; (d) is obscene or not in good taste; (e) violates, infringes or promotes the violation
or infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights; (f) violates or promotes the violation of any applicable laws or regulations; (g) contains a solicitation of funds, goods or services, or promotes or advertises
goods or services; or (h) contains any viruses, Trojan horses, or other components designed to limit or harm the functionality of a computer. Harris Search Associates may report you to the relevant authorities and may act under the fullest extent
of applicable laws if you transmit or upload content intended or designed to cause harm.
Security, Passwords and Means of Accessing the Site
You agree not to access or use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Harris Search Associates accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to any parts of the
Site or any Harris Search Associates accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to interfere, or attempt to interfere, with the proper working of the Site or any Harris Search Associates’ accounts, computer systems or networks. You
agree not to use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site or any of Harris Search Associates accounts, computer systems or networks without Harris Search Associates’ express written permission.
You must complete the registration process to apply for a position by providing us with current, complete and accurate information, as required by the applicable registration form. You may also be required to choose a password and a user name.
Access to, and use of, password-protected or secure areas of the Site are restricted to authorized users only. You agree not to share your password(s), account information, or access to the Site with any other person. You are responsible for
maintaining the confidentiality of password(s) and account information, and you are responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your password(s) or account(s), or as a result of your access to the Site. You agree to notify Harris
Search Associates immediately of any use of your password(s) or account(s) that you did not authorize or that is not authorized by these Terms of Use.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Site:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with these Terms of Use.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail", "chain letter" or "spam" or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Harris Search Associates, a Harris Search Associates employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any
of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Site, or which, as determined by us, may harm Harris Search Associates or users of the Site or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Site in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use of the Site, including their ability to engage in real-time activities through the Site.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Site for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Site.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Site or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site.
Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Site, the server on which the Site is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Site.
Attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site.
General Terms
I hereby agree that any misrepresentation, falsification, or omission of information on the application or any other documents I have provided or will provide as part of the application process may result in my failure to receive an offer of employment,
or rescinding of an offer, or, if I am hired, could result in my dismissal from employment.
Reservation of Rights
The Site and content provided on or through the Site are the intellectual property and copyrighted works of Harris Search Associates or a third party provider. All rights, title and interest not expressly granted with respect to the Site and content
provided on or through the Site are reserved. All content is provided on an "As Is" and "As Available" basis, and Harris Search Associates reserves the right to terminate the permissions granted to you at any time.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Harris Search Associates, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all third-party claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees
and costs, due to, or arising out of, any Submission you make to the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your violation or infringement of any third party rights, including intellectual property rights.
Monitoring
Harris Search Associates has no obligation to monitor the Site. However, Harris Search Associates reserves the right to review the Site and content and to monitor all use of and activity on the Site, and to remove or choose not to make available
on or through the Site, any content (including your Submissions) in its sole discretion. Harris Search Associates may remove content that is confidential or proprietary to you, or a third party, without permission from you or the third party.
Termination of Use
Harris Search Associates may, in its sole discretion, at any time discontinue providing or limit access to the Site, in whole or in part. You agree that Harris Search Associates may, in its sole discretion, at any time, terminate or limit your
access to, or use of, the Site in whole or in part. Harris Search Associates may terminate or limit your access to, or use of, the Site, if Harris Search Associates determines, in its sole discretion, that you have infringed the copyrights or
other legal rights of a third party, or otherwise materially violated these Terms of Use. You agree that Harris Search Associates will not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination or limitation of your access to, or use of, the
Site.
Third Party Websites, Content, Products and Services
The Site provides links to websites and access to content, products and services of third parties, including users, advertisers, affiliates and sponsors of the Site. Harris Search Associates is not responsible for third party content provided
on, or through the Site, or for any changes or updates to such third party sites, and you bear all risks associated with the access to, and use of, such websites and third party content, products and services.
Disclaimer
Except where expressly provided otherwise, the Site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Harris Search Associates expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement with respect to the Site and all content provided on, or through the Site. Harris Search Associates makes no warranty that: (a) the Site or content will meet your requirements;
(b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site, or any content provided on or through the Site, will be accurate or reliable; or (d) any
content obtained by you on or through the Site will meet your expectations.
Harris Search Associates will have no responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the use of the Site. Harris Search Associates reserves the right to make changes or updates to, and monitor the use of,
the Site and content provided on or through the Site at any time without notice.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will Harris Search Associates or its officers, directors, employees, or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages; or damages for lost profits, revenue, data or data use, incurred by you
or any third party, whether in an action in contract, or tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, strict liability, or otherwise, arising from your access to, or use of, the Site or any content provided on or through the Site.
Exclusions and Limitations
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer or exclusion of certain warranties of the disclaimer, exclusion, or limitation of certain liabilities. To the extent that they are held to be legally invalid, disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations
set out in these Terms of Use, including those set out in the Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability sections, do not apply and all other terms will remain in full force and effect.
Age Limitation
Persons who are not at least 18 years of age are not eligible to use the Site, and no information in relation to such persons should be included in a Submission.
Waiver and Severability
The failure of Harris Search Associates to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions in these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any part or provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable,
such part or provision may be modified to make the Terms of Use as modified, legal and enforceable. The rest of the Terms of Use will not be affected.
Applicable Laws
All matters relating to your access to, and use of, the Site and content provided on or through the Site, will be governed by U.S. federal law or the laws of the State of Ohio, USA.
Arbitration; Venue
Any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to, these Terms of Use, or breach thereof, shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the governing law as determined by these Terms of Use, the Federal Arbitration Act (insofar
as it governs the arbitrability of such controversy or claim), and the Commercial Arbitration Rules (excluding Expedited Procedures) of the American Arbitration Association in the City of Columbus, State of Ohio. Three qualified arbitrators
shall be appointed in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules (excluding Expedited Procedures) of the American Arbitration Association and these Terms of Use. Such qualified arbitrators shall be members of the State of Ohio bar and
shall have at least five years of experience in the law relevant to the dispute in question. Each party shall have the right of discovery as set forth in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. A stenographer shall be present at the arbitration
proceedings and the stenographic record shall be the official record of the proceeding. The arbitrators shall provide written findings of fact and conclusions of law in justification of any arbitration award. Harris Search Associates shall have
the right of appeal of any decision by the arbitrators by filing a request for reconsideration of any arbitration decision with the American Arbitration Association. Upon receiving such a request, the American Arbitration Association shall reconsider
the matter de novo using the foregoing procedures. Should the arbitration award be inconsistent with the governing law as specified by these Terms of Use, Harris Search Associates may immediately appeal the arbitration award to any court of
competent jurisdiction over Harris Search Associates. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction over the parties, unless a subsequent request for reconsideration has been filed
by Harris Search Associates under this Section, or the award has been appealed to a court of competent jurisdiction under this Section.
The parties waive any right to bring representative claims on behalf of a class of individuals, on behalf of the public, as a private attorney general, or otherwise (the “class action waiver”). Except for this class action waiver, this clause
may be severed or modified if necessary to render it enforceable under the Federal Arbitration Act.
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website, and allowed pursuant to this Section, shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States in the County of Franklin,
State of Ohio. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Limitation on time to File Claims
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITES MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Harris Search Associates with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written
and oral, with respect to the Website.
ADA Terms
Harris Search Associates and Affiliates are committed to providing reasonable accommodation to qualifying candidates with physical and/or mental disabilities and to assisting them with applying for employment and the application process. Reasonable
accommodations may be sought by contacting the Human Resources department at 614-798-8500 or hr@harrisandassociates.com.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use, please contact Harris Search Associates at privacy@harrisandassociates.com.