http://www.burkhartdental.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Next Steps & Practice Resources    Learn More…
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 17, 2018
ATTENTION:  PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THIS Burkhart Dental Supply Co., Inc. (“WE” OR “US”) PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”), WHICH IS PART OF THE Burkhart Dental Supply Co., Inc. TERMS OF USE (COLLECTIVELY “TERMS OF USE”), BEFORE YOU (“YOU”) ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE THE BurkhartDental.com WEBSITE; OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES; OTHER INTERACTIONS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ONLINE, OFFLINE AND BY PHONE OR MAIL) BETWEEN YOU AND US; AND/OR OUR SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THESE PLATFORMS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SERVICE”).
ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SERVICE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN FULL.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE THE SERVICE.  You acknowledge (a) that You have read and understood this Privacy Policy; and (b) this Privacy Policy shall have the same force and effect as a signed agreement.
Please review this Privacy Policy each time You use the Service.  BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE MOST RECENT VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY.  If We materially change this Privacy Policy, We will let You know by showing it to You again when You access the Service.
The Service is operated by Us.  This Privacy Policy describes the information collected during registration for and through Your use of the Service, how We use it, how We share it, how We protect it, and the choices You can make about Your information.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service shall be subject to this Privacy Policy.
CONSENT:
If You are located outside of the United States, please note that the Service is hosted in the United States.  Therefore, Your information, including any personal information provided pursuant to the Service, may be processed and stored in the United States.  As a result, United States federal and state governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of Your information through laws applicable in the United States.  Your use of the Service or Your submission of any information to Us will constitute Your consent to the transfer of Your information outside of Your country of residence, which may provide for different data protection rules than in Your country.  Please contact Us at Marketing@BurkhartDental.com if You have any questions about how Your information may be processed or stored in the United States.
I. Information We Collect
A. Information Provide to Us
We may collect information from You when You register for and use the Service, contact or interact with Us, fill out a form, apply for employment (including without limitation through Indeed or LinkedIn), respond to a survey, and voluntarily provide Us with Your comments and other content in connection with using the Service.  When calling Us, Your telephone number, name and other personal information may be collected.
When you request information or register for the Service, we may collect your name, email address, telephone number, address, zip code, password and any other information that You provide in the registration process.
When You submit a “Contact Us” form, We may collect Your name, phone number, email address, state, number of employees, job title, telephone number, and any other information You choose to provide to Us.
If You create a support ticket, We may collect Your name, email address, telephone number and any other information You choose to provide to Us.
When You use Our Service, We may collect additional information including regarding your internet connection, the equipment You use to access the Service and Your usage details as further described in the “Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Service” section below.
B. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Service
As You navigate through and interact with the Service, We may automatically collect information, including Your location, Wi-Fi connection information, network connection information, Internet Protocol (IP) address, telephone number, browser and device information, advertising and device identifiers, the domain name of Your Internet search provider, the Service features You use, and the time of Your use.  Our audit logs track user names, activities and modules used.  We may also collect information about Your access to and use of the Services as described in the “Third Parties that Provide Content, Marketing Services, or Functionality on or for Our Service” section below.
C. Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may collect information about You from third party sources including, but not limited to, your organization, social media companies, and marketing partners.
Your organization may provide Us with information about You in connection with setting up, using or managing Your account.
The Service provides connections with Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn.  If You connect with Facebook through the Service, We receive Your public profile (which includes Your Facebook User ID, Your profile photo, Your public information, and Your friends’ User IDs), Your language, Your country, and whether You are in an age group, for instance, under 18, between 18-20, or 21 and over.  We can also access, store, and update the information You share through Facebook.  If You connect with Twitter through the Service, We receive Your Twitter identity (which includes Your Twitter avatar and user name and Your followers’ user names).  We can also access, store, and update the information You share through Twitter.
We may receive information about You from digital marketing companies with which We work to help Us deliver relevant marketing to You and recognize You across browsers and devices.
We may combine all of the information We collect from or about You and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
II. How We Use Your Information
We use the information that We collect for several purposes, including the purposes for which You provided it and to:
provide services to You;
provide user verification services;
create or update Your account or your organization’s account;
connect with Your social media accounts and post content You choose to share;
process and respond to Your inquiries and comments;
send You information about Your relationship or transactions with Us;
develop new products and services;
personalize and enhance Your experience using the Service;
send periodic emails (the email address You provide may be used to send You information and updates pertaining to Your account, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc., but if at any time You would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, We will include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email);
generate and review reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns;
compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;
prevent fraud and abuse of the Service and to otherwise protect users and visitors and our business;
assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas;
administer, operate and improve the Service and for internal business purposes; and
perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, personal information We collect may be processed by our partners in providing related services to the Service (such as administration services, technical services relating to the maintenance, servicing, and upgrading of the products, software, hosting services, data migration services and analytical services, among others).
III. How Your Information is Disclosed
Information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy.  Please note that a user may choose not to share certain information as described in “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.
A. Your Organization.  We may share your personnel records, user account information, and activity audit logs with your organization and administrators of your organization’s account.
B. Affiliates.  We may also share Your information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Our affiliates will be required to maintain Your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
C. Third Party Service Providers and Business Partners.  We may use third party service providers and business partners to perform functions in connection with the Service, such as bill payment (including without limitation Billtrust), storing and backing up data, site analytics, employment application services, event organizing and registration, website tutorials, customer support, location and mapping functions, functions related to analyzing and improving the Service usefulness, reliability, user experience, and operation, advertising, and providing users with products and services, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
D. Third Parties that Provide Content, Marketing Services, or Functionality on or for Our Service.  Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Service may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us.  Such third parties include:
Marketing partners, which help Us understand users requesting information;
Social networking services (like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube) that may enable You to login to certain of our Service content and to share things You find on our Service with Your social network;
If You choose to connect with a social networking service, such as Facebook or LinkedIn, We may share information with that service, and that service may share information about You with us; and
Analytics providers, which help Us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about Your use of the Service.  These tools collect information sent by Your device or the Service and other information that assists Us in improving the Service.  This information may be used, among other things, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand Your online activity.
We use Google Analytics [and other third-party analytics providers] to better understand who is using the Service and how people are using it. These analytics providers use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to collect and store information such as Service pages visited, places where users click, time spent on each Service page, IP address, type of operating system used, location-based data, device ID, search history, and phone number.  We use this information to improve the Service and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.  Please see http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ for information about how Google Analytics uses this information, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout for information about the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, and visit http://www.google.com/settings/ads/ to adjust the settings for Your Google account.
These and other third parties may collect or receive information about Your use of the Service, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services, which may track users across websites over time.  You can instruct Your browser to stop accepting cookies, but if You do not accept cookies, You may not be able to use all portions of all functionality of the Service.
E. Investigations and Law.  We may disclose information about You to third parties if We believe that such disclosure is necessary to:
Investigate fraud and abuse on the Service;
Take action regarding suspected illegal activities;
Enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or other agreements with Us;
Comply with the law or guidance and cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties;
Protect our rights, reputation, safety, and property, or that of users or others;
Respond to claims and legal process (e.g., subpoenas); and/or
Protect against legal liability.
F. Business Changes.  If We become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, We may transfer Your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith.
G. Aggregated Information. We may share aggregated information relating to users of the Service with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties.  This aggregated information does not contain personal information about any user.
IV. Security
We implement a variety of security measures designed to protect Your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of Your information also depends on You.  Where We have given You (or where You have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Service, You are responsible for keeping Your password confidential.  We ask You not to share your password with anyone.
While We take reasonable measures to protect the information You submit via the Service against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.  No Internet, or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free.  Email or other messages sent through the Service may not be secure.  You should use caution whenever submitting information through the Service and take special care in deciding with which information You provide Us.
We cannot guarantee that transmissions of Your personal information will be fully secure and that third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or the security measures of our partners.  WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DUE TO TRANSMISSION ERRORS, THIRD-PARTY ACCESS OR ANY CAUSE BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
V. Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Your information for as long as You use the Service and for a reasonable time thereafter.  Please note that some or all of the information We have collected may be required in order for the Service to function properly.
VI. Links to Other Websites or Applications
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service.  The Service may contain links to other websites or apps or may forward users to other websites or apps that We may not own or operate.  The links from the Service do not imply that We endorse or have reviewed these websites or apps.  The policies and procedures We describe here do not apply to these websites or apps.  We neither can control nor are responsible for the privacy practices or content of these websites or apps.  We suggest contacting these websites or app providers directly for information on their privacy policies.  Nonetheless, We seek to protect the integrity of our Service, and welcome any feedback about these linked websites and apps.
When You connect with Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, and Twitter through the Service, these companies may provide Us with information as described in Section I above.
VII. Your Choices Regarding Your Information
You have choices regarding the use of information by the Service.
Changing Your Information. To change Your information, please contact Us at Marketing@BurkhartDental.com.
Closing Your Account. You may close Your account by contacting Us at Marketing@BurkhartDental.com. If the email account associated with Your email address is not active, We may close Your account without notice.
Email Communications. You can make changes regarding opting out of or otherwise receiving email communications from Us by contacting Us at Marketing@BurkhartDental.com.
Social Networking. You should make sure You are comfortable with the information that a third party social networking service may make available to Us by carefully reviewing the service’s privacy policy and terms and conditions and by modifying Your privacy settings directly on that service.
Opt-Outs Available from Our Partners. Some of our partners allow users to opt-out of their collection of information.  See “Third Parties that Provide Content, Marketing Services, or Functionality on or for Our Service” section above for details.
VIII. Information Collected From Other Websites; Do Not Track Policy
Through cookies We place on Your browser or device, We and our partners may collect information about Your online activity after You leave the Service. Just like any other usage information We collect, this information allows Us to improve the Service and customize Your online experience, and otherwise as described in this privacy policy.
Your browser may offer You a “Do Not Track” option, which allows You to signal to operators of websites and mobile applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that You do not wish such operators to track certain of Your online activities over time and/or across different websites and mobile applications and services.  The Service does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that We collect information about Your online activity both while You are using the Service and after You leave the Service.
IX. Children
Our Service is not intended for children under 13 years of age.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from an individual under age 13.  If You are under the age of 13, please do not use the Service and please do not submit any personal information through the Service.  If You have reason to believe that We may have accidentally received personal information from an individual under age 13, please contact Us immediately at Marketing@BurkhartDental.com.
X. Terms and Conditions
Please also visit the Burkhart Dental Supply Co., Inc. Terms of Use at BurkhartDental.com/terms-of-use/, which state the terms, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing Your use of the Service.
XI. Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time.  Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before You provide any information.  This Privacy Policy was made effective on the date indicated above.
XII. How to Contact Us
Please feel free to contact Us by email at Marketing@BurkhartDental.com or by writing Us at Burkhart Dental Supply Co., Inc., Legal Department, 2502 S. 78th Street, Tacoma, WA 98409 if You have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy.
XIII. Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits users of our Service that are California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.  To make such a request, please email Us at Marketing@BurkhartDental.com or write Us at Burkhart Dental Supply Co., Inc., Privacy Officer, 2502 S. 78th Street, Tacoma, WA 98409.