http://www.rochestermidland.com/termsofuse
one
column.
Basic
Terms of Use
1. Website Terms
This website is owned and operated by Rochester Midland Corporation. By using this website or any of our other websites, mobile websites or social media pages you agree to abide by these terms and conditions of use, as they may be revised and updated from time-to-time. Please note that certain content or features, including but not limited to contests, sweepstakes or e-commerce transactions, may be subject to additional terms and conditions with respect thereto. Use of this website and all materials and information on this site are provided by Rochester Midland Corporation for informational purposes only and may be viewed only for legitimate business purposes.
2. Copyrights, Trademarks and Other Materials
All of the information and materials contained on this website (including the text, images, photographs, logos or audio or video clips) and the trademarks and service marks used on this site are owned by or licensed to Rochester Midland Corporation and are protected by applicable copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws, and all rights are reserved. None of the information, materials, trademarks or service marks on this site may be reproduced, copied, edited or published unless the written consent of Rochester Midland Corporation is first obtained. Any software downloaded from this site is subject to the license agreement provided in connection therewith.
3. Electronic Communications
If you have provided to Rochester Midland Corporation your email address and/or your cellular telephone number, you have consented to receive electronic communications from us. We may also communicate by posting notices on our website or by sending text messages. You understand that any fees or charges from your internet access, cell phone provider or text messaging are your sole responsibility. You further acknowledge and agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements or other electronic communications satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. Information on customer and website user privacy are set forth in our Privacy Policy, which may be found at Privacy Statement
4. Links to Other Sites
This site may include links to sites maintained by third-parties that are not affiliated with Rochester Midland Corporation. We are not responsible for the content of any of these third-party sites, we have no control of the content thereon and we do not represent or warrant the content of such sites or that such sites comply with all applicable laws. These links are simply provided for your convenience. The inclusion of these links does not necessarily imply an endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the linked site or the products or services provided by third-parties.
5. Disclaimer
Rochester Midland Corporation created this website to provide you with information about our company and our products and services. However, this website and all materials posted on this website are provided “AS-IS”, which means that ROCHESTER MIDLAND CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE AND MATERIALS. In no event shall Rochester Midland Corporation be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages including, without limitation, lost business, profits, opportunity or business interruption, even if Rochester Midland is expressly advised or otherwise aware of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action for breach of contract, tort or otherwise.
6. Terms of Purchase
Each and every sale procured by or through this website shall be subject to Rochester Midland Corporation’s Term of Sale, a copy of which may be found here: Privacy Statement
7. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Rochester Midland Corporation, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employers and agents, harmless from any claim, demand, loss, cost, expense, liability or damages (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or relating from your use of this website or your breach or alleged breach of these Terms of Use.
8. Legal Disputes
If there is a legal dispute of any kind arising out of the use of this website, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, will apply and govern such dispute. By using this website, you expressly agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Monroe County, New York in connection with any legal dispute.
If any part of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable, the remaining terms and conditions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. No course of conduct between the parties or any trade practices shall be construed to modify or waive any of terms and conditions in these Terms of Use; all such modifications or waivers must be in writing and signed by an authorized officer of Rochester Midland Corporation. Any and all rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms and Use are hereby reserved by Rochester Midland Corporation.
Fresh from our blog
About Us
Standard Purchase Order Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Drum & Tote Return Guidelines
Employee Login
Press Releases
Contact Us
Call us
Phone 585-336-2200 • Emergency Phone Info-trac 1-800-535-5053 Outside US: 1-352-323-3500
©2020 Rochester Midland Corp
Terms of use | Privacy policy