https://www.arshrm.com/privacy-policy_id247.html
Promoting and Servingthe Human Resource Profession in Arkansas
Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This web site is designed to allow individuals and organizations to interact with the Arkansas SHRM State Council easily and efficiently. Arkansas SHRM State Council recognizes that it is critical for all users of this web site to be confident that their privacy is protected. The Arkansas SHRM State Council web site is available to the general public.
Collection of non-personal data
Browsing the Arkansas SHRM State Council web site is done anonymously. We do not collect personal information from users browsing the web site. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to tell us which parts of our Web site you visit and how long you spend there. We do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable. We also track what country you are accessing the Internet from, and what time and date you visited.
Collection of your personal information
Online forms are available on the Arkansas SHRM State Council website that may be used to request information. We obtain information you provide to us via these forms, as well as surveys, such as your name, mailing address and e-mail address. We may use this information to provide you with information about the products and services offered by Arkansas SHRM State Council.
Control of your personal information
The Arkansas SHRM State Council will not sell or share your e-mail address with other organizations. However, other information you share may be used to provide you with information from Arkansas SHRM State Council or carefully selected organizations about products, services or activities that may be of interest to you. To receive this information you must "opt in" to receive it when you provide personal information on our Web site.
Your credit card information
We currently do not collect credit card information, such as your card number and card expiration date. But if we should begin collecting this information in the future, we will not voluntarily disclose your credit card information without your consent.
Security
This site currently has no security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
The Arkansas SHRM State Council web site has been prepared for informational purposes only. The Arkansas SHRM State Council makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the accuracy or correctness of such materials. Furthermore, any materials associated with this web site shall not constitute professional advice or opinions which may be relied upon.
All products and services on Arkansas SHRM State Council are made available subject to this Privacy Policy. By using the products and services, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy.