http://www.lemaitre.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Expand
Home
Privacy
Play Video
Privacy Policy
LeMaitre Vascular owns and operates this website: www.lemaitre.com (Site). This Privacy Statement sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information collected on our Site.
Children
This website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. If you are younger than 13 years old, please do not use this Site. If we become aware that any personal information on children has been collected, we will immediately delete this information from our records.
How We Use Information Collected
LeMaitre Vascular actively collects information you choose to give us in one of the forms found on this website:
https://www.lemaitre.com/contact-us/email-us
https://www.lemaitre.com/products/product-feedback
https://www.lemaitre.com/products/surgeon-training/surgeon-training-email-us
The information you choose to provide includes your name, email, phone number, company/hospital, country and any free text you provide on the form(s). Due to the nature of the internet we are also able to see your Internet Protocol Address or IP Address. We do not make use of your IP address in any way. We will only use your contact to provide you information on products, trainings or other basic feedback as indicated on each form. In particular, we will use the information you provide us to send you, or your organization, information about us and promotional material about our products together with details of any offers we may have available from time to time and to monitor interest in our products. You have the right to update the information we have, to request that we provide whatever information we may have about you and the right to withdraw your consent to using the information you have previously provided us from the time of your withdrawal request onward.
Disclosure of Information
LeMaitre Vascular will not disclose the personal information that you provide on this Site to any third parties other than to a LeMaitre Vascular agent, except: i) when we have your explicit affirmative permission, or ii) to comply with valid legal requirements such as law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files sent to your browser from websites you visit. Cookies are generally stored on your browser and help to keep your settings, log ins and other customizations when you return to a particular website in the future.
LeMaitre Vascular does not permanently store cookies on your internet connected device or use them to track you, build a profile or transmit personal information. This Site only uses cookies for the customization of the graphics. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser, however, some areas of our Site may not function properly if you do so.
Google Analytics
This Site uses Google Analytics for reports and visitor website usage information obtained by Google and shared with website owners. The Google Analytics service uses cookies and may share usage information with other Google services, including its advertising network. Information about Google Analytics and how that company uses cookies information can be found here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
Links
Please note that there are links from our Site to other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Site and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which our Site is linked. LeMaitre Vascular does not control or endorse the content of third party websites or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites.
YouTube Videos
We provide various videos on the Site for informational and educational purposes. These videos are hosted on YouTube which is owned by Google. For information about the YouTube and Google use of cookies and information please see the information they make available: https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
Social Media
This Site also provides links to our social media channels. These links are provided for your convenience. When you click on these links you will be taken directly to the social media platforms and will be leaving the Site. When you do so, the terms, conditions and policies of the social media platforms apply and not those of LeMaitre Vascular, even though you will be viewing our content on those platforms.
Do Not Track
You may set your internet browser to send a “Do Not Track” signal to websites, ad networks and other providers about your browsing preferences. This Site honors your Do Not Track Settings and does not place tracking cookies on your browser.
Security
Our Site incorporates safeguards using industry standard technology to heighten the security, accuracy, and privacy of any personal information we have collected. We use reasonable precautions to protect information from loss and misuse. You understand that the security of electronic communication and storage cannot be guaranteed. LeMaitre Vascular cannot and does not guarantee the information you provide on the Site will be absolutely secure from hacking, theft or other intrusion.
Policy Change
We may modify this privacy statement at any time. Any changes will be posted on the Site along with the date of the most recent update. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of our current privacy policy.
Contact Details
If at any time you wish to contact LeMaitre Vascular with any questions or comments or to exercise any of your rights set out in this privacy statement or to which you are legally entitled, you may do so by contacting LeMaitre Vascular:
LeMaitre Vascular, Inc.
63 Second Avenue
Burlington, MA 01803
Tel: +1 781-221-2266
Fax: +1 781-425-5049
Email: info@lemaitre.com
If you do not want to receive email or other consumer communications from us, please let us know by sending us an email at info@lemaitre.com.
Last Updated May 25, 2018