http://www.assmann-usa.com/privacy-policy
Home
Technical Data/Resources
Literature
White Papers
Warranty & Terms
Download Drawings
Site Map
Contact Us
Order Tracking Login
Privacy Policy
Assmann Corporation of America retains all copyrights in any text or graphic images and hereby authorizes you to electronically copy documents published on its website assmann-usa.com solely for the purpose of transmitting or viewing the information. Any file or image rebroadcast or mirroring, modification, or otherwise altering of any files or images, or printing of the information contained herein, without written permission from Assmann Corporation of America is strictly prohibited.
Legal Notices
The information from Assmann Corporation of America, including text, images, and links, are provided "as is" by Assmann Corporation of America solely as a convenience to customers, dealers, and distributors without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Assmann Corporation of America assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in this website or other documents which are referenced by or linked to this website. This could include technical or other inaccuracies, and not all products or services referenced herein are available in all areas. Changes are periodically added to the information, and Assmann Corporation of America may change products or services described at any time.
Should you choose to respond directly to Assmann Corporation of America with any information including comments, questions, suggestions, ideas, etc. relating to this web site or Assmann Corporation of America products and services, you agree that such information shall be deemed as non-confidential and Assmann Corporation of America shall have no obligation to respond and be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute the information to others without limitation, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such information
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Assmann Corporation of America.
Chemical Resistant Data
Assmann Inspection Guide Login
Markets / Applications
Certifications
Testimonials
Related Links
Join Our Mailing List
Southwest Facility
Contact Us
Become a Registered Member / Login
Assmann Corporation of America
300 North Taylor Road, Garrett, IN 46738 USA
888-357-3181 or 260-357-3181
© 2020 Assmann Corporation of America.
All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy