https://www.freightalerts.co.uk/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated 20th February 20014
1 Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
2 The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this Website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to become a member. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Company name
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Website URL
3 The Information We Do Not Collect
Credit/Debit Card Information
4 The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when applying to become a member only to complete the membership application process. We may use your membership information in order inform you of new products or services but we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the membership application process.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
5 Our use of Cookies
In order to improve the Services and Website, we may use a device known as a ‘cookie’. Cookies are a means by which information relating to your Internet activity (such as whether you have visited the Website before) is recorded on your hard drive and used by us to improve the Services and Website.
If you do not wish for us to use cookies when you use the Website please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies. Your computer’s help file should tell you how to do this. PLEASE NOTE: This may affect your ability to use the Website and the Services.
6 Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
7 How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access and change all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by either logging into the Freight Alerts Website and viewing the “My Profile” page or alternatively contacting us at enquiries@freightalerts.co.uk or at the address given in clause 1.1 of our terms and conditions.
8 This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Freight Alerts website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can
opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.
9 How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us.
Scroll to top