http://www.guideone.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Main navigation
Home
Policyholder
Policyholder
Value-Added Services
Armed Intruder Training
Human Resource Services
Non-Violent Intervention Training
Online Giving Platform
Claims Mitigation Vendors
Safety Resources
My Account
Claims
Agent
Agent
Insurance Solutions
Church Insurance
Education Insurance
Nonprofit Insurance
Aging Services
Behavioral
Community Services
Developmentally Disabled
Youth Services
Small Business Insurance
Church
Contractor
Distributor
Office
Real Estate
Restaurant
Retail
Services
Specialty Insurance
Resource Center
Resource Center
Annual Report
Blog
Safety Resources
Value-Added Services
Armed Intruder Training
Human Resource Services
Non-Violent Intervention Training
Online Giving Platform
Claims Mitigation Vendors
Safety Resources
About Us
About Us
Senior Leadership Team
Careers
Contact Us
The GuideOne Foundation
Vendor Code of Conduct
Giving Back
GuideOne Connections
Login
Policy Holder
Click here to Logon
Agent
Looking to logon to Guidelink?
Click here to sign in
Login
Policy Holder
Agent
My Account Login
Click here to sign in
New User? Account Help
My Account Login
Click here to sign in
Breadcrumb
Home » 														About » 														Privacy Policy
Start a Quote
Church
Education
Nonprofit
Small Business
Go
GuideOne Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy Highlights
This page highlights some of the key elements of our Online Privacy Policy. Both this page and our Online Privacy Policy apply to www.guideone.com, the official web site of GuideOne Insurance Company, and the sites we publish for our various products and any authorized online apps or features that may contain a link to this policy. For more information, please read our complete Online Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
There are two types of information that we obtain from you online, and then store and use:
non-personal information that’s collected automatically; and
personal information that you voluntarily provide to us.
We do not collect any personal information from you when you visit our site unless you expressly and voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for it and you voluntarily provide it. To put it another way, FOR US TO HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, YOU HAVE TO HAVE MADE A CHOICE TO KNOWINGLY GIVE IT TO US.
Uses of Information
We use voluntarily provided personal information to communicate directly with you including via email, postal mail, text and phone. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third party data vendors or marketing companies. As you might expect, we also disclose your information when required by law.
We use non-personal information to administer our site, make it better, and to make business decisions about what programs our customers might like.
Your Privacy Choices
You do not have to provide personal information to enjoy most of the features of our site. You also can opt out of certain activities like newsletters and announcements by sending using the opt-out feature located in the correspondence you received. You can also access, amend, or delete the personal information we have collected about you by contacting us using the contact information listed in this privacy policy.
Contacting Us
Questions about this highlights page or our Online Privacy Policy may be sent to:
Attn: Privacy Office
GuideOne Insurance Company
1111 Ashworth Road
West Des Moines, IA 50265-3538
You may also reach us by phone: 877-448-4331
Or by email: LegalWorkRequests@guideone.com
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting GuideOne Insurance Company’s online resources and viewing this privacy policy. We use this policy to tell you about the types of information we collect from you when you visit our site or use authorized features or apps that link to this policy. More specifically, this policy tells you:
the types of information we collect and how we collect it;
the ways in which we use, share, and protect that information;
the choices you have in controlling the collection of your information; and
your ability to access and update your information.
By using our sites or other online resources, you are signifying to us that you agree with this policy. Although the site and resources may contain links to other websites controlled by third parties, you should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those, or any other, sites. If you have questions about how those websites collect and use data, you should carefully read those sites’ privacy policies.
This privacy policy was amended on May 1, 2019 and is effective as of that date.
Some Important Vocabulary
This privacy policy is a legal document, so clarity is important. We’ll use this section to let you know about some words that have special meanings whenever you see them in this policy. Let’s start with the word “policy” itself: when we reference “this policy”, “this privacy policy”, and “our policy”, we mean the GuideOne Insurance Company Online Privacy Policy you are reading now. Wherever we say “GuideOne” or “we”, “us”, or “our”, we mean GuideOne Insurance Company and its affiliates. We use the words “you” and “your” to mean you, the reader, and other visitors to our site who are, in all cases, over the age of 18. This age requirement is discussed in more detail later in this policy.
Whenever we reference “this site”, “our site”, or “the site”, we mean the GuideOne web site found at www.guideone.com and our various product websites including www.Safechurch.com, www.LutheranTrust.com, www.CGAInsuranceserices.com, www.Guideonelegal.com, www.Goriskresources.com, www.Gc3builders.com and such others as we may make available from time to time. When we talk about “authorized features and apps”, we’re referring both to elements of our social media presence viewable from Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Google+, LinkedIn or any of the many other available external third party social media platforms, as well as mobile or other apps we’ve created and distributed to let our customers and followers view our site or otherwise interact with our content. Last, but definitely not least, when we refer to “personal information”, we mean information that can be used to identify you or that can be easily linked to you. Thus, a fairly comprehensive list of personal information would include such things as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, social security number and date of birth. In contrast, a domain name or an internet protocol address, would not be considered personal information
Please be a Grown Up: User Age Requirements and Children’s Privacy Federal law imposes special restrictions and obligations on commercial website operators who direct their operations toward, and collect and use information from children under the age of 13. We take those age-related requirements very seriously, and consistent with it do not intend for this site or any of our authorized features or apps to be used by children under the age of 18, and certainly not by anyone under the age of 13. Moreover, we do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 18. If we become aware that anyone under the age of 18 has submitted personal information to our site, we will delete that information and will not use it for any purpose whatsoever. We encourage parents and legal guardians to talk with their children about the potential risks of providing personal information over the Internet.
Nothing Personal: Automatically Collected Information
When you visit our site, basic information is passively collected through your web browser via use of tracking technologies, such as a “cookie” which is a small text file that is downloaded onto your computer or mobile device when you access the site. If you do not allow cookies to be set on your computer, you may be unable to access certain parts of our site or certain parts of our site may have reduced functionality. It allows us to recognize your computer or mobile device and store some information about your preferences or past actions. Additional information about cookies and tracking technologies is available here.
We may allow third party service providers to use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time following your use of the site. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how you use the site and enhance your experience when you visit the site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can learn more about how to opt out of Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
The information we collect through cookies and other means is not personal information and does not individually identify you. It includes things like:
the domain name and IP address from which you accessed our site
the type of browser and operating system you use
the date and time and length of your visit
the specific page visited, graphics viewed and any documents downloaded
the specific links to other sites you accessed from our site
the specific links from other sites you used to access our site
Mobile devices are the one possible exception to the rule that our passive, automatic collection activities exclude We say that because, if you access our site from a phone or other mobile device, the mobile services provider may transmit to us uniquely identifiable mobile device information which allows us to then collect mobile phone numbers and associate them with the mobile device identification information. Some mobile phone service providers also operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices and we may receive this information as well.
Regardless, we use both automatically collected non-personal information and mobile device information only to compile generic reports about popular pages on our site, and to see how our customers and followers are accessing our site. We then use that data to administer the site, make your activities more convenient and efficient and to enhance the functionality of our site, such as by remembering certain of your information thereby saving you time.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Some browsers have a “do not track” (“DNT”) feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not specifically respond to browser DNT signals.
Now its Personal: Voluntarily Submitted Information
If you participate in certain activities on our site, you may need to provide us with information about yourself such as your name, address, phone number and email address. For example, if you choose to send us an email or fill out an online form, you are voluntarily providing to us. In doing so, you are giving us your consent to collect, use, and disclose that information for the purpose it is requested and for other reasonable internal business purposes. We do not sell, rent, or trade voluntarily submitted personal information with third parties.
If you don’t want us to collect this type of personal information, don’t provide it! This means you shouldn’t participate in the activities on our sites that request or require it. Participation is strictly your choice. Not participating may limit your ability to take full advantage of the site, but it will not affect your ability to access certain information available on the site to the general public.
Here are some of the ways you voluntarily give us your personal information and how we use it:
Emails and Online Forms - When you send us an email, your email address and any other personal information that may be in the content of your message or attached to it, are retained by us and used to respond back directly to you. The same is true if you fill out an online form to contact us or for customer service requests which require you to provide your name, address and contact information such as a phone number or email address. If you prefer we not collect, use, or store this information, please do not email us or fill out an online form. Instead, you may want to communicate with us by phone or regular mail.
Registering for Programs and Our Newsletter
- When you register for programs and our various newsletters, you submit personal information to us such as your name, address, phone number, email address, and your company name which we then retain. We use that information to send you information about the applicable program and/or relevant safety topics and tips. We also may use any personal information you provide to customize our programs and newsletter to make them more relevant to you. We may use your email address or a phone number to communicate with you via email and/or phone as well.
Note that some authorized features and apps may allow users to post or upload messages, comments, screen names, computer files and other materials. If you choose to make personally identifiable information public through these means, we will consider that information to be in the public domain and will not limit its disclosure in the manner described by this policy.
Sharing Information with Others: Who and Why
Third Party Providers.
We may share your information, including personal information such as your name, address, and contact information, with our service providers and other third parties that help us operate and/or provide products or services for the site and our business, including for the purposes of placing insurance and processing claims.
Legally Compelled Disclosures
We may disclose your information, including personal information, to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required or permitted by law, including but not limited to responding to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose such information when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the online resources, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Business Transfer
If GuideOne or its affiliates, or substantially all of its or their assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation, or liquidation, personal information may be one of the transferred assets.
Choices you can make: Opt Out and Account Changes
If we are using personal information you provided to us in order to enable us to send you materials, such as newsletters or product alerts via text or email, and you decide you don’t want to receive such materials, you may opt-out by following the opt-out instructions in the email or other communication. When we receive your request, we will take reasonable steps to remove your name from our distribution lists. Users also need to understand it may take a period of time to remove your name from our lists after your request and due to such latency you may still receive materials for a period of time after you opt out. In addition to opting out, you have the ability to access, amend and delete your personal information by contacting us using the contact information below or the Contact Us page of our site found here. If you happen to exercise any of these rights, we will not deny you goods or services, charge a different price, provide a different level of quality or service or impose any penalties on you for exercising such rights.
Things Happen: We do what we can to ensure Information Security
We will take all reasonable security precautions to protect your personal information provided to our site.  Due to the inherently open and somewhat risky nature of the Internet, however, we cannot guarantee that your information, whether during transmission or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be free from unauthorized access or that loss, misuse, destruction, or alteration will not occur. We disclaim any liability for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to or interception of any data or communications. You should also note that third-party companies we engage to provide us with services either to help us in our business, or to perform functions we would otherwise perform ourselves, will have incidental access to your information, including your personal information, as part of the work they perform. We require that they enter into confidentiality and other agreements, but cannot guarantee their compliance.
The Law Varies from Place to Place
Privacy and data protection laws vary around the world and among the several United States. We do not require, desire or attempt to collect any information from any jurisdiction outside the United States and, to the best our knowledge, do not engage in activities that subject us to the data protection and privacy laws of those jurisdictions, such as the General Data Protection Regulation under European law. Similarly, due to the nature of our business we collect a very limited volume and type of personal information all of which (with perhaps the exception of some minimum corporate contact information we collect in our small business segment, such as name, corporate email address and phone number) we believe is subject to one or more of the exemptions under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA.” Those exemptions can be found here.
We have, however, as required by the CCPA and as a good business practice generally, adopted and implemented a data security program that includes technical, organizational and administrative measures reasonably designed to protect, in a manner consistent with accepted industry standards, the privacy of those natural persons with whom we do business and to reduce the likelihood of unauthorized access to or unauthorized use of personal information we collect. In the interest of consumer protection and transparency, this policy also includes information regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information consistent with the notice obligations of the CCPA. If you are a California resident and have questions regarding our privacy practices as they relate to the CCPA, please contact us using the contact information below.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this policy from time to time. Please check our site periodically for such changes since all information collected is subject to the policy in place at that time. Typically, we will indicate the effective/amendment date at the beginning of this policy. If we feel it is appropriate, or if the law requires, we’ll also provide a summary of changes we’ve made near the end of the new policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions about our privacy policy or privacy practices, please contact us at:
Attn: Privacy Office
GuideOne Insurance Company
1111 Ashworth Road
West Des Moines, IA 50265-3538
877-448-4331
LegalWorkRequests@guideone.com
Connect with GuideOne
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Subscribe