http://www.wilshire.com/legal/
About Us
Analytics
Funds Management
Indexes
Investment Consulting
Private Markets
Solutions
Wilshire utilizes tested and proven investment theory and practices, enabling us to recommend practical solutions for our clients.
Actuarial Services
Alternative Asset Solutions
Asset Advisory Services
Asset Allocation
Outsourced CIO (OCIO)
Investment Consulting
Risk and Performance Analytics Platform
Risk Management
ESG
Research
Wilshire produces insightful, independent research focused on addressing the investment challenges and opportunities facing our clients.
Investment Consulting Research
Private Markets Research
Compass Portal
Analytics Research
Research Library
Tools
Wilshire provides innovative investment technology tools to hundreds of institutions, investment managers and plan sponsors worldwide.
Index Calculator
Wilshire Compass
Research Library
Service Request
Compass Portal
Home : About Us : Online Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Wilshire Associates Incorporated (‘we’ or "Wilshire") values your trust and wants you to be
familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information. This Online Privacy Policy describes
our practices in connection with information that we may collect, maintain, and use in the course
of providing our products and services though our website(s).
Wilshire is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide
certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured
that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Natural persons located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) should review the General Data
Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) privacy notice
HERE.
Residents of California should review the privacy notice for the California Consumer Privacy Act
of 2018 (CCPA)
HERE.
This Online Privacy Policy is for website users. Wilshire clients and others doing business with
Wilshire should review the appropriate privacy notices
HERE.
Personal Information We May Collect
The term Personal Information as used in this policy means any information that identifies you as
an individual or relates to an identifiable person. The kinds of Personal Information we may
collect depends on the nature of the relationship you have with us. This information may include
your name, job title, and contact details such as your address, email address and telephone
number. Occasionally additional information, such as demographic information, preferences,
interests, and other information relevant to customer surveys may also be collected.
In addition to the information stated above we may collect certain information about your use of
our online services, for example we may capture your IP address, operating system, or browser, as
explained in greater detail below in our “How We Use Cookies” section of this policy.
How We May Collect Personal Information
In most cases, we collect information directly from the person or entity with whom we have the
relationship (e.g. through account applications, customer surveys, or general website usage).
How We May Use Personal Information
We require and use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better
service. More particularly, we use information we gather to do the following:
Maintain internal records;
Improve our products and services;
Send promotional emails with information which we think you may find interesting using the email
address which you have provided; and
Contact you by email, phone, fax or mail for market research purposes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized
access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once
you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you
visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The
web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and
remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data
about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only
use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the
system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages
you find useful and which you do not. Our cookies do not give us access to your computer or any
information about you, other than the information you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but
you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you
from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these
links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you
provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You
should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Policy applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for use in marketing their products
and services. However, we may share your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
Where we have your permission to do so;
With unaffiliated service providers (for example, printing and mailing companies); and
With government agencies, other regulatory bodies or law enforcement officials.
Our service providers are obligated to keep the Personal Information we share with them
confidential and use it only to provide services specified by Wilshire.
Important Notice to all Non-US Residents
Our servers are located in the U.S. If you are located outside of the U.S., please be aware that
any information provided to us, including Personal Information, will be transferred from your
country of origin. Your decision to provide such data to us, or allow us to collect such data
through our services constitutes your consent to this data transfer.
Retention Period
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined
in this Online Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Online Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” at the top of this page indicates
when this Online Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post
the revised Online Privacy Policy on our website. Your use of our website following these changes
means that you accept the revised Online Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at:
Privacy@Wilshire.com
Index Calculator
Wilshire Mutual Funds
Careers
ESG Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Wilshire 5000 Wilshire Associates Wilshire Advisor Solutions Wilshire Consulting Copyright 2020 by Wilshire Associates
Santa Monica
New Jersey
Pittsburgh
Chicago
Denver
London
Singapore
Wilshire Associates Europe B.V.
Hong Kong Limited
Suzhou Wilshire Investment Services Co., Ltd.