http://www.mactenn.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
About Us
Dense Phase Conveying
Industries
Material Handling
Ash Conveying
Cement Conveying
Biomass Conveying
Minerals Conveying
Chemicals Conveying
Steel Smelter Dust Conveying
Fluid Bed Combustor Applications
Injection Systems
Products
Pneumatic Conveying
Shot Blasting
Valves and Pressure Vessels
Why Mactenn
Technology
Experience
Design
Quality
Service
Reach
Parts and Services
Test Center
Downloads
Articles
Brochures
Case Studies
Info Sheets
Advanced Pneumatic Conveying Systems
Terms and ConditionsConditions of Use
By using this site, you acknowledge your assent to the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this site. Macawber Engineering, Inc. (and/or its affiliated entities, referred to herein as "MSL") may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound.
Disclaimer
The materials on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, MSL disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. MSL does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this web site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. MSL does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on this website in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not MSL) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. The information and descriptions contained herein are not intended to be complete descriptions of all terms, exclusions and conditions applicable to the products and services, but are provided solely for general informational purposes. This website may be linked to other websites that are not maintained by MSL. MSL is not responsible for the content of those websites. The inclusion of any link to such websites does not imply approval of or endorsement by MSL of the websites or the content thereof.
Limitation of Liability
While MSL uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website, errors or omissions sometimes occur. MSL makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the content of this website. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall MSL or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website be liable to you for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this website, even if MSL or an MSL authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall MSL’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this website.
MSL also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this website.
Restrictions On Use Of Materials
This website is owned and operated by MSL. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by MSL, no materials from this website or any website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by MSL may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You may download material displayed on this website for your use only, provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without MSL’s written permission.
MSL neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on this website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with MSL.
Jurisdictional Issues - Products and Services
Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, MSL makes no representation that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in any location. Those who choose to access this website do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. Except as specifically set forth herein the information contained on this website is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security, insurance product or other product or service. No security, insurance product or other product or service is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities, insurance or other laws of such jurisdiction. Some products and services may not be available in all jurisdictions.
Trademarks and Copyrights
All trademarks, services marks, trade names, logos and icons are proprietary to MSL. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this website without the written permission of MSL or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on this website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this website, or any other content on this website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Images displayed on this website are either the property of, or used with the permission of, MSL. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Privacy Policy
MSL is committed to protecting your privacy. Questions regarding this policy should be directed to webmaster@macawber.com or at the following address:
Attn: WebmasterMacawber Engineering, Inc.1829 Clydesdale St.Maryville, TN 37801
1. What information do we collect?
We collect certain information about our visitors when products or services are ordered or feedback is requested. The type of information requested may include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, and product and service details, and is requested only on certain pages that are password-protected and that require pre-registration.
2. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
We may use information collected to provide services and fill orders, to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and to administer our systems. When you request a service or place an order with us, we collect personal information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, service or product selections, confirmation number, and a password. We collect this in order to complete your request, to communicate with you about your request, or to send you materials. Before confirming your request, you will have the opportunity to review the request form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will be automatically kept for future use. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others and will not disclose it to third parties except as may be required by law.
3. How can you update your personal information?
You may update or change information related to your account by sending an email message to webmaster@macawber.com.
4. How do we protect your information?
When you place a request, you are connected to a secure server. All of the data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means.
5. Use of "cookies"
When accessing our site, we will store a cookie on your computer in order to facilitate your use of our site. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive that can later be retrieved to identify you to our site. Our cookies store a user identification number, which makes your use of the site easier and helps us maintain a secure site.
Contact Us
By phone:
+44 (01787) 882 422
By fax:
+44 (01787) 882 433
By email:
sales@mactenn.com
customer.support@mactenn.com
Get a Quote
Test your material
Blog
Crushed Limestone Conveying Systems, Poland | 07/06/2017
System loaded on transport vehicle
The Macten... read more
What is the difference between dilute phase and dense phase pneumatic conveying? | 12/05/2017
Dilute phase conveying occurs at or above the salt... read more
Case Study: Mixed Mortar Conveying Systems, Holland | 28/04/2017
The low velocity dense-phase pneumatic conveying... read more
Example Materials
Ash
Biomass Ash
Calcium Carbonite
Catalyst
Cement
Clay
Clinker Dust
Cullet
EAF dust
Fertilizer
Fish food
Foundry Sand
Lime
Manganese Ore
Peanuts
Plastics and Resins
Proppant
Rice Puffs
Steel and metals
Sugar
Inflatek Valve