http://www.keacampers.com/helpful-guides/buyers-guides
Welcome to KEA Helpful Guides Are you looking for some information?
Maybe you are thinking about buying your first motorhome or maybe you want to learn more about solar power systems?Our helpful guides are here to help you buy and maintain your recreational vehicle, choose the right accessories and keep you informed about what is happening in the bustling motorhome industry.
We've also prepared some travel inspiration for you to try with your family and friends together.
Happy reading!
Recent GuidesTopics Buyer's guides Travel Inspiration How To Guides
LATEST Shoalhaven Heads, NSW Author: Kirstie Bedford Date Posted: 9th October 2020 From my vantage point at Two Figs Winery, at the top of the Mount Coolangatta foothill, Shoalhaven Heads is like something out of a children’s fairytale.
Green rolling hills, vast golden fields dotted with cows and horses, rows of vines, and a river winding through the middle of it.Read More
Trading in your motorhome in Australia Author: Cathy Anderson Date Posted: 8th October 2020 Buying your first motorhome is a thrill — it’s the satisfaction of finding the perfect vehicle and the excitement about future adventures. But inevitably, people’s needs and tastes change, and so buying your second (or third) motorhome comes with the question of what to do with your existing vehicle. Read More
What To Look For When Buying an RV Author: Kea Team Date Posted: 7th October 2020 Before you start looking around at RVs on the market, stop and think about how you are going to use your RV. Short trips, visits to family and friends, freedom camping - how do you intend to use your vehicle?Read More
Requirements To Consider Before Getting An RV Author: Kea Team Date Posted: 7th October 2020 What RV is right for you? Read on below to think about what camper you’re looking for.Read More
The Cost of Ownership Author: Kea Team Date Posted: 7th October 2020 The true cost of ownership goes beyond the initial purchase price. Do you have a clear and accurate picture of everything owning, using and maintaining an RV involves? The more you know, the more likely you will be to choose a motorhome that fits your budget.Read More 1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
...