https://www.revolution.com/terms-of-use/
Home
About
Team
News
Careers
Companies
Growth
Ventures
Places
Rise of the Rest
ROTR Seed Fund
ROTR Road Trip
Ecosystem Playbook
Contact
Culture
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Revolution is providing this website www.revolution.com (the “Site”), as an information service. By accessing the Site, or using the information, tools, and features located on it, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (“Terms”) as they may be amended from time to time. It is your responsibility to be aware of, and to observe, these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. You also represent that you are legally competent in your home jurisdiction to agree to these Terms. Subject to these Terms, you may access, view, use, and display the Site and Site Content on your computer or other Internet-capable device for your own, noncommercial purposes, if you comply fully with these Terms. You may not copy or display for redistribution to third parties any portion of the Site or the Site Content (as defined below) without our prior written permission.
We may terminate, change, restrict, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Site, or your access to it, at any time without notice or liability to you. We may also change these Terms at any time without notice or liability to you, so you should check these Terms before you use the Site.
Any reference to “Revolution” refers to various affiliated entities using the Revolution® or Rise of the Rest® name and not a single entity.
No Solicitation or Investment Advice
The purpose of the Site (including any portion of the Site available only to investors) is limited to providing you with general information on our services and philosophy. We do not render or offer to render investment advice through the Site. Nothing on the Site constitutes or forms a part of any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities or other financial instruments, nor should it or any part of it form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or commitment whatsoever. We may only transact business or render investment advice in those jurisdictions where we are appropriately registered or licensed or where we are otherwise excluded or exempted from registration or licensing requirements.
Information on the Site
We make no representations or warranties that any information contained on the Site is accurate or that there has been no change in that information since the date first posted. Certain places on the Site may contain information created and published by institutions or organizations independent of us. We do not endorse, approve, certify, or control these materials. In addition, we do not guarantee or assume responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information in any material on the Site. Use of that information is voluntary, and you should rely on it only after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and timeliness. Finally, reference in the Site to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply our endorsement, recommendation, or favoring.
Third-Party Sites
As a convenience to you, we may provide links from the Site to websites operated by other entities, including websites of our portfolio companies and websites that publish blogs written by Revolution personnel. We make no warranty or representation regarding any material or information in websites linked to or from the Site or any of the products or services described or offered for sale on those websites, and we do not endorse or accept any responsibility for the information, material, products, or services offered on those websites. The content published in blogs written by our personnel does not necessarily represent our positions, strategies, or opinions, regardless of whether or not we provide links to these blogs on the Site. Links do not imply that any linked website is authorized to use any trademark, service mark, trade name, logo, or copyrighted property of Revolution or any of our affiliates.
Submissions
If you submit a business plan, pitch deck or similar materials to us through the website or otherwise share such information or materials with us, we cannot agree to obligations of confidentiality, non-use or non-disclosure with regard to such information or materials. By submitting information or materials to us, you or anyone acting on your behalf, agree that any such information or materials will not be considered confidential or proprietary, and that we are free to use it without condition. In no event will we be limited in, or restricted from, the pursuit of any opportunities, either alone or with third parties.
Intellectual Property
As between you and us, we own all rights, title, and interest in and to the Site, all the content (including without limitation all text, audio, photographs, images, renderings, RSS feeds, podcasts, reports, charts, logos, widgets, gadgets, applets, and video), software, code, data and other materials available on the Site (collectively, the “Site Content”), the look and feel, design and organization of the Site, and the compilation of the Site Content. Your use of the Site does not grant to you ownership or title of, in, or to any Site Content or any other part of the Site.
Revolution LLC has registered the marks REVOLUTION, REVOLUTION GROWTH, RISE OF THE REST and the distinctive “r” logo with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and claims trademark rights to these and other marks containing REVOLUTION and the distinctive “r” logo. The trademarks associated with other companies that are published on the Site, including those of our portfolio, are owned by their respective owners. Trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos that are displayed on the Site may not be used unless authorized expressly on the Site, in these Terms, or by the applicable owner.
Assumption of Risk and Disclaimer of Warranties
Your use of the Site and Site Content is at your sole risk. Neither we nor any of our directors, officers, employees, agents, or content or service providers warrant that use of the Site will be uninterrupted or error free. In addition, although the information provided to you on the Site is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, neither we nor any of our directors, officers, employees, agents, or content or service providers make any warranty as to (i) the results that may be obtained from your use of the Site or Site Content, (ii) the accuracy, currency or completeness of the information on the Site, or (iii) the reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other materials displayed on, or distributed through, the Site.
The information, products, and services on the Site are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. We hereby disclaim any and all representations, warranties, and conditions, whether express or implied, including without limitation those of noninfringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.
Limitation of Damages
In no event, including without limitation negligence, are we, or any of our directors, officers, employees, partners, managers, agents, or content or service providers (collectively, the “Protected Entities”) liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages arising from, or directly or indirectly related to, the use of, or the inability to use, the Site or Site Content, your provision of information or content via the Site, lost business or lost sales, even if a Protected Entity has been specifically advised of the possibility of those damages.
Events
Acceptance of Terms.  As used below, the term “ROTR Event” means an event, competition, gathering, promotion, meet-up or the like that is organized or hosted by Revolution or its affiliates in order to promote the “Rise of the Rest” platform or in connection with the Rise of the Rest Seed Fund or affiliated funds.  In order to participate or attend a ROTR Event you must agree to the terms in this section.  If you find that you cannot or will not agree to such terms, please do not apply for a pitch competition, RSVP to or attend any ROTR Event.  If you apply for a pitch competition or RSVP to any ROTR Event through the Site, you signal that you have read, understand and agree to these event terms.
Photos/Videos Waiver.  Revolution and its representatives sometimes take photos and videos at ROTR Events, and later use them for promotional purposes.  By participating or attending any ROTR Event, you irrevocably grant Revolution and its  licensees, the perpetual, exclusive and unencumbered rights to:
record your participation in and appearance at the ROTR Event on videotape, audiotape, film, photograph, or any other medium (the “Recordings”);
use your name, likeness, voice, and biographical material in connection with the Recordings and the ROTR Event;
use, reproduce, edit, modify, transmit, store, publish, or create derivative works based upon the Recordings, as well as exhibit, broadcast, market, promote, stream, sublicense or distribute such Recording, for editorial, commercial, promotional, or any other purpose, in whole or in part in any form of media, an unlimited number of times, worldwide.
Assumption of risk/release of liability/indemnity.  You (for yourself, your heirs, personal representatives, or assigns, and anyone else who might make a claim on your behalf) hereby release, waive, discharge and convent not to sue Revolution and its respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, funds, officers, directors, partners, shareholders, members, agents, employees, contractors, vendors, sponsors and volunteers from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, damages, losses or expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) which may arise out of, result from, or related in any way to your attendance at any ROTR Event, except for any gross negligence or willful misconduct on Revolution’s part.
You further agree to indemnify and hold Revolution, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, funds, officers, directors, partners, shareholders, members, agents, employees, contractors and representatives harmless, including costs, liabilities and legal fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to, related to, or connected with your attendance or conduct at any ROTR Event.
Administrative Terms
These Terms represent the entire agreement between you and us with regard to the Site. These Terms and our relationship with you are governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to its conflict-of-law provisions. Any cause of action that may arise under these Terms must be brought in the appropriate court in the District of Columbia, and you submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located there. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in that provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect.
Contact Us
We welcome your questions and comments about these Terms. Please feel free to contact us by sending an email to media@revolution.com or write to us at Revolution, 1717 Rhode Island Ave., 10th Floor, Washington D.C. 20036, Attn:  General Counsel.
Join the Revolution! Sign up for the latest updates and news.
Read our Privacy Policy
Thank you!
Join the Revolution! Sign up for the latest updates and news.
Fill out my online form.
Thank you!
Read our Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By continuing to use Revolution.com, you accept our
use of cookies.Okay, thanks