http://www.jayex.com/privacy-notice?hsLang=en-gb
Med-Extranet
Products
Connect
Antimicrobial Screen Cover
Services
D300
Case Studies
About Us
Partners
Resources
Blog
Resources Hub
Contact us
Support
Contact us
Privacy Notice
1.  INTRODUCTION
1.1        We at Jayex technology Limited are committed to safeguarding the privacy of Customer Data.
1.2        This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our Customers; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3        We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. OR By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
1.4        In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Raj Atwal. For more information about us, see Section 8.
2.  HOW WE USE YOU PERSONAL DATA
2.1        In this Section we have set out:
(a)         Name, email, telephone, address are among the personal data that we may process;
(b)         in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source of the data is public information sites (e.g NHS Choices) which list the information as in 2.1 a;
(c)         the purposes for which we may process personal data is to provide you with Services which may be of interest to you; and
(d)         the legal bases of the processing is Legitimate Interest.
2.2        We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you when you have enquired/places order with us. The account data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.3        We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The source of the service data is you or your staff. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.4        We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.5        We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent
2.6        We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
2.7        We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.8        We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.9        We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely [the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.10      We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.11      In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.12      Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3.  PROVIDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO OTHERS
3.1        We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2        We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3        We may disclose your personal data  to our suppliers or subcontractors  insofar as reasonably necessary for supplying you with services you have requested.
3.4        Financial transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices by visiting our website.
3.5        We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can fulfill our contract for relevant goods and/or services.
3.6        In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.  INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
4.1        In this Section, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2        We and our other group companies have offices and facilities in Australia. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to [the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of binding corporate rules.
4.3        The hosting facilities for our website are situated in America. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to [the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to America will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely Privacy Shield framework
5.  RETAINING AND DELETING PERSONAL DATA
5.1        This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2        Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3        We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)         Personal Data will be retained for a minimum period of 6 years following date of final contact, and for a maximum period of 20 Years following final contact.
5.4        In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a)         the period of retention of personal data will be determined based on business case review.
5.5        Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.  AMENDMENTS
6.1        We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2        You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.  YOUR RIGHTS
7.1        You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)         the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 10); and
(b)         the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
7.2        We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
7.3        You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
7.4        In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
8.  DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
8.1        Our data protection officer's contact details are: dpo@jayex.com.
Improve efficiency today
Talk to our experts about how improved patient flow can help you get the best performance from your hospital practice.
Jayex Connect
Arrive
Display
Appointuit
Campaign
Survey
Services
Case Studies
About Us
Our Partners
Resources
Blog
Support
Med-extranet
Contact Us
111 Power Road,ChiswickLondon, W4 5PY
+44 (0)20 8838 6222
contact@jayex.com
support@jayex.com
Send Us a Message
Terms of Use | Privacy Notice | Cookie Policy | Product Warranty | ISO PolicyEULA and General Terms | Service Level Agreement | GDPR Compliance
© 2020 Jayex Technology Limited | Website by Blend