http://www.yum.com/wps/portal/yumbrands/Yumbrands/footer-pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
YUM – NYSE
Company
Our mission is to build the world’s most loved, trusted and fastest growing restaurant brands. We are evolving KFC, Pizza Hut Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill into iconic, distinctive and relevant global brands.
Company
About Yum! Brands
Board of Directors
Senior Officers & Leadership Team
Milestones
Our Brands
KFC
Pizza Hut
Taco Bell
The Habit Burger Grill
Franchising & Real Estate
Careers
Yum! Brands isn’t your average Fortune 500 company – we like to do things a little differently. From our world-famous culture of fun and recognition to our focus on your career potential, Yum! puts a unique stamp on day-to-day business. You will see why the passion of our people and the power of our brands are just two reasons there’s no place like Yum!.
Careers
Why Yum!
Yum! Digital & Tech
Our Locations
Your (Future) Team
How You'll Grow
Search Jobs
Citizenship & Sustainability
Yum! Brands is focused on building KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill to be the world’s most loved, trusted and fastest growing restaurant brands. As a global company that serves millions of consumers at 50,000 restaurants across more than 150 countries and territories, we aim to make the world better by acting responsibly with respect to food, planet and people.
Citizenship & Sustainability
Investors
Yum! Brands has over 50,000 restaurants in more than 150 countries and territories operating the Company’s restaurant brands – KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill.
Investors
News & Events
Events & Presentations
Financial Releases
Financial Information
SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Guidance
Financial Reports
Creditors
Safe Harbor Statement
Stock
Dividend History
Financial Calculators
Analyst Coverage
Direct Stock Purchases & Dividend Reinvestment
Spin Information
Governance
Governance Home
Board of Directors
Governance Documents
Code of Conduct
Committee Composition & Charters
Insider Transactions
Resources
Contacts
Email Notifications
News
Yum! Brands is focused on building KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and The Habit Burger Grill to be the world’s most loved, trusted and fastest growing restaurant brands. As a global company that serves millions of consumers at 50,000 restaurants across more than 150 countries and territories, we aim to make the world better by acting responsibly with respect to food, planet and people.
News
Company News
In the News
Press Release Archive
Yum! At A Glance
Let Your Voice Be Heard
RESPONDING TO COVID-19 TOGETHER
{}
Web Content Viewer
Display content menu
Display portlet menu
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookies and Ads
Responsible Disclosure
Do Not Sell My Info
Yum! Brands RSC, 1900 Colonel Sanders Lane, Louisville, KY 40213, 502.874.8300
Complementary Content
${title}${badge}
${loading}