https://www.fmsbonds.com/privacy/
HomeBond OfferingsMuni Market YieldsMunicipal Bond ForumNews and PerspectivesAnalyze Your Municipal BondsWhy Choose FMSbonds, Inc.?About Us
×
How to buy bondsLoginContactHomeInvestment Banking
Skip to contentBond OfferingsMuni Market YieldsMuni InsightMuni Bond ForumMuni News and PerspectivesAnalyze Your BondsWhy Choose FMSbonds, Inc.?About UsAbout FMSbondsTestimonials
Menu
Call: 1-800-FMS-BOND
(1-800-367-2663)All accounts at FMSbonds.com are insured up to $25 million.Because we realize that you may be concerned about the privacy of your personal and financial information, we want you to be aware of how we protect this information and use it to service your account. This privacy statement applies to all areas of the FMSbonds.com web site.Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (name and email address). We do not share your personal information with anyone, except as part of normal regulatory purposes required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). We use customer contact information from the registration form to transmit information. Email or mailings may be declined by the user at any time.Our site uses an account application form for new customers to open an account. We collect contact information (ie: email address) and unique identifiers (social security number). The information from your account application form is used to administer the account and is required by regulatory agencies to determine customer suitability. We do not share your personal information with anyone.By choosing to provide information about a trusted contact person, you authorize us to contact the trusted contact person and disclose information about your account to that person in the following circumstances: to address possible financial exploitation,to confirm the specifics of your current contact information, health status, or the identity of any legal guardian, executor, trustee or holder of a power of attorney, or as otherwise permitted by FINRA Rule 2165 (Financial Exploitation of Specified Adults).FMSbonds, Inc. – Member of SIPCMember of SIPC, which protects securities customers of its members up to $500,000 (including $250,000 for claims for cash). Explanatory brochure available upon request or at www.sipc.org.Protection of Customer Accounts at FMSbonds, Inc.FMSbonds, Inc.’s Business Continuity PlanningFMSbonds, Inc. has developed a Business Continuity Plan addressing how we will respond to events that significantly disrupt our business. Since the timing and impact of disasters and disruptions is unpredictable, we will have to be flexible in responding to actual events as they occur. With that in mind, we are providing you with this information on our business continuity plan.Contacting UsIf after a significant business disruption you cannot contact us as you usually do, or by either (561) 368-5284 or (305) 937-0660, please try us toll-free at 1-800-741-1103, at minimum we will have recorded emergency contact instructions when this line is reached.Our Business Continuity Plan [ BCP ]We plan to quickly recover and resume business operations after a significant business disruption and respond by safeguarding our employees and property, making a financial and operational assessment, protecting the firm’s books and records, and allowing our customers to transact business. Our BCP allows for redundant data centers as well as alternate clearing and administrative facilities for securities processing and access to customer funds. In short, our BCP is designed to permit our firm to resume operations as quickly as possible, given the scope and severity of the significant business disruption.For our First Clearing/Wells Fargo customers, we have been advised that their objective is to restore their own operations and be able to complete existing transactions, accept new transactions and facilitate payments within 4 hours. Your orders and requests for funds and securities could be delayed during this period.Varying DisruptionsSignificant business disruptions can vary in their scope, such as only a branch office or, a single building housing one of our firm’s offices, the business district where our firm is located, the city where we are located, or the whole region. Within each of these areas, the severity of the disruption can also vary from minimal to severe. In a disruption to only part of our firm or a building housing our firm, we will transfer our operations to our unaffected office site(s) and resume business within 4 hours. In a disruption affecting our business district, city, or region, we will transfer our operations to a site outside of the affected area, and recover and resume business within one business day or sooner. In either situation, we plan to continue in business and if needed transfer certain essential operations to our mission critical vendors when necessary to assure our customer’s prompt access to their funds and securities.For more informationIf you have questions about our business continuity planning, you can contact our Compliance Department toll-free at (800) 741-1103 ext.2423.SecurityWe protect your account information by placing it on the secure portion of our web site. That’s why you must enter a unique user name and password each time you log in your account. You may also use the “Log Out” button located throughout the site to securely exit FMSbonds.com without closing your browser.Your password should not be shared with anyone.Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us:E-Desk
FMSbonds.com
P.O. Box 3024
Boca Raton, FL 33431
Email: edesk@FMSbonds.comInterest from tax-free municipal bonds is exempt from federal income taxes. Dependant upon the investor’s state of residence, interest from certain municipal bond issues may be subject to state and local taxes.Offerings subject to prior sale and market conditions. For certain investors, the income from bonds designated AMT may be subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax. Discount bonds may be subject to capital gains tax. Rates of such vary for individual taxpayers. As with any investment, the market value may fluctuate during the period the investment is held.Contact your FMS representative or your tax preparer for additional information in this regard.Click here for a copy of our Reg S-P disclosure.