http://www.growingbusiness.co.uk/legal-issues-red-tape/
Tools
Topics
Health and safety regulations
Insurance
Intellectual property
Employment law
Sections
What to start
Business ideas
Service business ideas
Retail business ideas
Part-time business ideas
Home business ideas
Start-up guides
Low cost business ideas
Franchising
Buying a business
How to do it
10 steps to starting a business
Naming your business
Setting up
Planning
Choosing suppliers
Finding premises
Operations
Technology needs
Taking payment
Marketing
Taking on staff
Fleet management
Growth strategies
Business ethics & sustainability
Products and Services
Serviced offices
Steel buildings
Business security
Business energy
Business phones
Computers, laptops & accessories
Photocopiers
Commercial waste
POS systems
Credit card processing
CRM
Telemarketing
Social media management
Website building
Hosting
HR consultancy
Payroll
Pensions
Vehicle tracking
Fuel cards
Franking machines
Funding and Legal
Raising finance
Business grants
Business loans
Start Up Loans
Crowdfunding
Angel finance
Private equity
Venture capital
Invoice finance
Incubators & accelerators
Win equity investment
Legal issues
Insuring your business
Tax
Get inspired
Success stories
Startups 100
Startups Awards
Young Guns
Just started businesses
Tech start-ups
Analysis & trends
Where to start a business
News & trends
Help & resources
Home > Legal issues & red tape
Legal issues & red tape
Understanding business codes of practice, laws and regulations when starting a new business is important to ensure you avoid any legal trouble in the future. From health and safety in business to employee laws and software licensing, the articles in this section will help you make sure you are meeting all the necessary legal requirements in your small business.
Starting a business from home: What insurance do you need?What is stock insurance?What is Employers Liability Insurance?
Key topics
Health and safety regulations
Insurance
Intellectual property
Employment law
9. Red tape checklist: What your small business needs to know
Dealing with business red tape? Startups has complied the five key legal issues and how best to deal with them……
In 10 steps to starting a business
Explained: the coronavirus business interruption insurance court case that could force insurers to pay out
Fed up with a lack of clarity over which business interruption insurance policies cover COVID-19, the FCA has taken several insurers to court. Learn what’s at stake, and how the verdict could affect UK small businesses.…
In Business insurance types
Business interruption insurance: a guide for small businesses
When disaster strikes, business interruption insurance can be crucial to keeping your business going. Get the lowdown on how it could protect your small business here.…
In Business insurance types
Coronavirus and business interruption insurance: what you need to know
Wondering if your business interruption insurance will cover coronavirus losses? Get the lowdown here, including expert insight on the policy terms you should look out for.…
In Business insurance types
Market Traders Insurance
What is market traders insurance, and why is it necessary?…
In Insuring your business
What is motor trade insurance?
If you're planning on starting a business involving vehicles, you'll need motor trade insurance. But what is it?…
In Insuring your business
GDPR: What is GDPR and why is it good for business?
GDPR is the biggest change to data protection this century. MVF general counsel Tom Worner has advice to alleviate your GDPR concerns...…
Starting a business from home: What insurance do you need?
A handy list of all the types of insurance you'll need to consider when running your business from home, and whether or not you'll need them...…
In Business insurance types
Looking for dog walking insurance? These are the covers to consider
Getting the right dog walking insurance will help show clients you’re reliable. Find out more about the key covers and how to tailor your policy to your needs…
In Insuring your business
A guide to hairdressing insurance: What you need to know
Hairdressing insurance is important for self-employed stylists and barbers, and anyone who owns a salon. Read more about the key covers.…
In Insuring your business
A guide to shop insurance and what it can cover
Shop insurance is something all shop owners should consider. Find out how it could help you get back on your feet should the unexpected happen…
In Insuring your business
Pet business insurance: What protection might I need?
Pet business insurance can cover many pet businesses, including dog walkers, pet sitters and pet groomers. Find what covers you might need…
In Insuring your business
Nanny insurance – what cover should a self-employed nanny consider?
Nanny insurance is something every self-employed nanny should consider. Read more about covers for nannies…
In Insuring your business
Personal trainer insurance – Keeping your business in shape
Personal trainer insurance protects your business should the unexpected happen. Find out more about the covers available when you take out personal trainer insurance…
In Insuring your business
Beauty therapist insurance – Keeping you protected
If you’re working in the beauty industry, you should think about protecting your business. Find out all about the different covers available when you take out beauty therapist insurance.…
In Insuring your business
What is stock insurance?
An optional extra with contents insurance, stock insurance covers your business against theft damage and destruction of your stock…
In Insuring your business
What is Employers Liability Insurance?
You are required to have an Employers’ Liability Insurance policy of up to £5m if you have one or more employees – don’t get fined…
In Insuring your business
Starting a business: What insurance do you need?
The right insurance is crucial for protecting your business. Here’s a summary of some of the main types of business insurance that you should consider…
In Insuring your business
Data Protection Act: How can your business comply with the law?
A comprehensive guide on how the Data Protection Act affects small businesses, the key principles to apply and upcoming changes to the law…
A guide to online business insurance
What insurance do you need if you're running an online business?…
In Insuring your business
1
2
Next »
Useful links…
Business bank accounts are an essential tool for new businesses. Sign up for a CashPlus account through Startups and get the first year free with 1% cashback.
Funding is one of the biggest obstacles to new business. Startup loans can be a great option. Compare start up loan providers today with Know Your Money.
More from Startups
We use cookies. By browsing our site you agree to our use of cookies.
Find out more
Accept Cookies