http://www.interstellar.com/legal
Privacy Policy
Effective Date of Privacy Policy: October 24, 2016
This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of
Interstellar, Inc. (“we”, “our” or “us”) on the collection, use and
disclosure of your information on https://interstellar.com
(the “Site”) and the services, features, content or applications we offer
(collectively with the Site, the “Services”). We receive information about you
from various sources, including: (i) your use of the Services generally; and
(ii) from third party websites and services. When you use the Services, you are
consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and
other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information
(“Personal Information”) gathered when you are using or accessing the Services.
This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that
our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do
not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites,
services and applications (“Third Party Services”) that you elect to access
through the Service or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. While we
attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our
respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or
privacy policies of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully
review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access.
What Information Do We Collect?
The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to
operate the Services. In connection with certain aspects of the Services, we may
request, collect and/or display some of your Personal Information. We collect
the following types of information from our users.
Personal Information
When you use the Services, you may provide information that could be Personal
Information, such as your email address. You acknowledge that this information
may be personal to you, and you allow others, including us, to identify you and
therefore may not be anonymous. We may use your contact information to send you
information about our Services, but only rarely when we feel such information is
important. You may unsubscribe from these messages by emailing us at
hello@interstellar.com although we, regardless, reserve the right to contact you
when we believe it is necessary.
User Content
Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services, such
as written comments. All content submitted by you to the Services may be
retained by us indefinitely, even after you terminate your use of the Services.
We may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that does
not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically
We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you
interact with the Services, including your IP address and cookie information.
This information is used for fighting spam/malware and also to facilitate
collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g., what
links you have clicked on).
Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as the
number and frequency of visitors to the Site. We may use this data in aggregate
form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify
you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties
authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services
so that we can analyze and improve them.
We may collect some device-specific information if you access the Services using
a mobile device. Device information may include but is not limited to unique
device identifiers, network information, and hardware model, as well as
information about how the device interacts with our Services.
Email Communications
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. We use this
confirmation to improve our customer service.
Information Collected Using Cookies
Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer through your
web browser when you access a website. Your browser stores cookies in a manner
associated with each website you visit. We use cookies to enable our servers to
recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit the Site and
otherwise use the Services through the Internet.
Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain Personal Information, and we do not
combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal
Information to tell us who you are. As noted, however, we do use cookies to
identify that your web browser has accessed aspects of the Services.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will
prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the
sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of
each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave
cookies active, because they enable you to take advantage the most attractive
features of the Services.
This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of
cookies by third parties. We do not control when or how third parties place
cookies on your computer. For example, third party websites to which a link
points may set cookies on your computer.
Information Related to Advertising and the Use of Web Beacons
To support and enhance the Services, we may serve advertisements, and also allow
third parties advertisements, through the Services. These advertisements are
sometimes targeted and served to particular users and may come from third party
companies called “ad networks.” Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad
agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms.
Advertisements served through the Services may be targeted to users who fit a
certain general profile category and may be based on anonymized information
inferred from information provided to us by a user, including Personal
Information (e.g., gender or age), may be based on the Services usage patterns
of particular users, or may be based on your activity on Third Party Services.
We do not provide Personal Information to any ad networks for use outside of the
Services.
To increase the effectiveness of ad delivery, we may deliver a file (known as a
“web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Services. Web beacons allow
ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting
for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve
targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web
browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s
servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you
had requested a web page from their site.
Aggregate Information
We collect statistical information about how users, collectively, use the
Services (“Aggregate Information”). Some of this information is derived from
Personal Information. This statistical information is not Personal Information
and cannot be tied back to you or your web browser.
Information Regarding Your Social Networks
Occasionally, you can use our Services to interact with your accounts on other
services, such as Facebook or Twitter. In addition to using your third party
account credentials to sign in to the Services, you can access posting and
sharing tools on the Services, including a “share” button that allows you to
post information to your social networks outside of the Services (“Share”). For
example, after making a reservation on the Services, you can Share information
about that reservation with your Facebook friends or Twitter followers. Please
note that these tools may be operated by Third Party Services.
By using these tools, you acknowledge that some Third Party Account Information
may be transmitted into the Services, and that Third Party Account Information
transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy. Additionally,
when you use one of these sharing tools, the Third Party Service that operates
the tool may be collecting information about your browser or online activity
through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own privacy policy.
Lastly, when you use these tools, some of your information from the Services
(such as the reservation information you selected to Share) may be shared with
the Third Party Service and others. Therefore, we encourage you to read the
privacy policies and other policies of the social networks you use in connection
with the Services.
How, and With Whom, Is My Information Shared?
The Services are designed to help you share information with others. As a
result, some of the information generated through the Services is shared
publicly or with third parties.
Public Information About Your Activity on the Services
Some of your activity on and through the Services is public by default. This may
include, but is not limited to, content you have posted publicly on the Site or
otherwise through the Services.
Users will not have this association, but information concerning their use of
the Services (such as what pages they have visited) may be tracked anonymously
through the use of cookies and stored by us.
Please also remember that if you choose to provide Personal Information using
certain public features of the Services, then that information is governed by
the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available.
Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals
or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines
may index that information. We therefore urge you to think carefully about
including any specific information you may deem private in content that you
create or information that you submit through the Services.
IP Address Information
While we collect and store IP address information, that information is not made
public. We do at times, however, share this information with our partners,
service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business, and as
otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.
Information You Elect to Share
You may access other Third Party Services through the Services, for example by
clicking on links to those Third Party Services from within the Site. We are not
responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these Third Party
Services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third
Party Services’ privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only governs information
collected on the Services.
Aggregate Information
We share Aggregate Information with our partners, service providers and other
persons with whom we conduct business. We share this type of statistical data so
that our partners can understand how and how often people use our Services and
their services or websites, which facilitates improving both their services and
how our Services interface with them. In addition, these third parties may share
with us non-private, aggregated or otherwise non Personal Information about you
that they have independently developed or acquired.
Email Communications with Us
As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other
communications from us, such as communications relating to your use of the
Services. Communications relating to the Services will only be sent for purposes
important to the Services, such as password recovery.
Information Shared with Our Agents
We employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks
on our behalf and who are under our control (our “Agents”). We may need to share
Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to
you. Unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any right to use
Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is
necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal
Information with our Agents.
Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of
transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business
assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or
if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of
the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge
that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may
continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any
information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce this
Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential
violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security
or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect our
rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and
spam/malware prevention.
Information We Share With Your Consent
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information
may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of
this information.
Is Information About Me Secure?
We seek to protect Personal Information to ensure that it is kept private;
however, we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Information.
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may
compromise the security of user information at any time.
We otherwise store all of our information, including your IP address
information, using industry-standard techniques. We do not guarantee or warrant
that such techniques will prevent unauthorized access to information about you
that we store, Personal Information or otherwise.
What Information of Mine Can I Access?
Users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings.
California Privacy Rights: Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84,
California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the
categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates
and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information
for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and
would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the
following address: Interstellar, Inc. 292 Ivy St., Unit E, San Francisco, CA 94102.
What Choices Do I Have Regarding My Information?
You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, even though it may
be needed to take advantage of some of our features.
What Happens When There Are Changes to this Privacy Policy?
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we
collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such
information is used. If we make changes in the way we collect or use
information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services or
sending you an email. A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when
he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first posted.
What If I Have Questions or Concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services,
please send us a detailed message to kgardner@gunder.com.
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Terms of Service
Effective Date of Terms of Service: October 24, 2016
Please read these Terms of Service (collectively with Interstellar’s Privacy
Policy, the “Terms of Service”) fully and carefully before using
https://interstellar.com (the “Site”) and the services, features, content or
applications offered by Interstellar, Inc. (“we”, “us” or “our”) (together
with the Site, the “Services”). These Terms of Service set forth the legally
binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site and the Services.
Acceptance of Terms of Service
a. By using the Services in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or
browsing the Site, you agree to these Terms of Service and all other operating
rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the
Site by us, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be
updated from time to time without notice to you.
b. Certain of the Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions
specified by us from time to time; your use of such Services is subject to those
additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of
Service by this reference.
c. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Services, including, without
limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other
materials or services.
d. ARBITRATION NOTICE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF
DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES
BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU
WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE
ARBITRATION.
Eligibility
You represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are
under age 13, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the
Services. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any
person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You are solely
responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Service are in compliance with all
laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the
Services is revoked where these Terms of Service or use of the Services is
prohibited or to the extent offering, sale or provision of the Services
conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation. Further, the Services are
offered only for your use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party.
Use of Services
When you use the Services, you must provide accurate and complete information.
You shall not: (i) use a name of another person with the intent to impersonate
that person; (ii) use a name subject to any rights of a person other than you
without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use a name that is otherwise
offensive, vulgar or obscene. You may never use another person’s user
information for the Services without permission. You must notify us immediately
of any change in your eligibility to use the Services (including any changes to
or revocation of any licenses from state authorities), or breach of security.
Content
a. Definition. For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term “Content”
includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos,
audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and
interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or
through the Services. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Content” also
includes all User Content (as defined below).
b. User Content. All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed,
or posted to the Services by users (collectively “User Content”), whether
publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the
person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content
provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all
applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content,
including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk
and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other
party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or
through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.
c. Notices and Restrictions. The Services may contain Content specifically
provided by us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other
proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright
notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through
the Services.
d. Use License. Subject to these Terms of Service, we grant each user of the
Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable
license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for
purposes of using the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or
storage of any Content for other than purposes of using the Services is
expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You shall not
sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial use
or in any way that violates any third party right.
e. License Grant. By submitting User Content through the Services, you hereby do
and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully
paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, truncate,
aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform,
and otherwise fully exploit the User Content in connection with the Site, the
Services and our (and our successors’ and assigns’) businesses, including
without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site or
the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any
media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds),
and including after your termination of the Services. You also hereby do and
shall grant each user of the Site and/or the Services a non-exclusive, perpetual
license to access your User Content through the Site and/or the Services, and to
use, edit, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display
and perform such User Content, including after your termination of the Services.
For clarity, the foregoing license grants to us and our users does not affect
your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right
to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in
writing. You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such
licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights,
including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights,
trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary
rights.
f. Availability of Content. We do not guarantee that any Content will be made
available on the Site or through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do
not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole
discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including,
but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or
authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have
violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or
block any Content from the Services.
Rules of Conduct
a. As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose
that is prohibited by these Terms of Service. You are responsible for all of
your activity in connection with the Services.
b. You shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a) take any
action or (b) upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or
facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including
without limitation any User Content, that: i. infringes any patent, trademark,
trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person
or entity or violates any law or contractual duty; ii. you know is false,
misleading, untruthful or inaccurate; iii. is unlawful, threatening, abusive,
harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another’s
privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains
or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise
inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion; iv. constitutes
unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail (“spamming”); v.
contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that
are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper
function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage
or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information
of ours or of any third party; vi. impersonates any person or entity, including
any of our employees or representatives; or vii. includes anyone’s
identification documents or sensitive financial information.
c. You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined
by us in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load
on our (or our third party providers’) infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt
to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted
on the Services; (iii) bypass, circumvent or attempt to bypass or circumvent any
measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services (or other
accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Services); (iv) run any
form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services; (v) use manual or automated
software, devices, or other processes to “crawl” or “spider” any page of the
Site; (vi) harvest or scrape any Content from the Services; or (vii) otherwise
take any action in violation of our guidelines and policies.
d. You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble,
reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying
ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services (including without limitation
any application), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically
prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create
derivative works of any part of the Services, or (iii) copy, rent, lease,
distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder.
You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws
and regulations.
e. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any
information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms
of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii)
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv)
respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety
of us, our users and the public.
Third Party Services
The Services may permit you to link to other websites, services or resources on
the Internet, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to the
Services. When you access third party resources on the Internet, you do so at
your own risk. These other resources are not under our control, and you
acknowledge that we are not responsible or liable for the content, functions,
accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or
resources. The inclusion of any such link does not imply our endorsement or any
association between us and their operators. You further acknowledge and agree
that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use
of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through
any such website or resource.
Termination
We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Services at any time,
with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may
result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your
membership. All provisions of these Terms of Service which by their nature
should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without
limitation, licenses of User Content, ownership provisions, warranty
disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Warranty Disclaimer
a. We have no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You
acknowledge that We have no duty to take any action regarding: i. which users
gain access to the Services; ii. what Content you access via the Services; or
iii. how you may interpret or use the Content.
b. You release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired
Content through the Services. We make no representations concerning any Content
contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or
liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, or legality of material or
Content contained in or accessed through the Services.
c. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” AND WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR
USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. WE, AND OUR DIRECTORS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT
THAT: (I) THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR
LOCATION; (II) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (III) ANY CONTENT OR
SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICES IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER
HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (IV) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Indemnification
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and each of
our and their respective employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and
representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Services, Content, or otherwise from your User Content, violation of
these Terms of Service, or infringement by you, or any third party using your
identity in the Services, of any intellectual property or other right of any
person or entity. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and
control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which
event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, NOR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS
OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY,
NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES
(I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY
BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF
ORIGINATION), OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF
the greater of (A) fees paid to us for the particular Services during the
immediately previous three (3) month period or (B) $500.00.
ARBITRATION CLAUSE & CLASS ACTION WAIVER – IMPORTANT – PLEASE REVIEW AS THIS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
a. Arbitration. YOU AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US (WHETHER OR NOT
SUCH DISPUTE INVOLVES A THIRD PARTY) WITH REGARD TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DISPUTES RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR
USE OF THE SERVICES, AND/OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND/OR PUBLICITY, WILL BE RESOLVED
BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION UNDER THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION’S
RULES FOR ARBITRATION OF CONSUMER-RELATED DISPUTES AND YOU AND WE HEREBY
EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT TO THE EXTENT THAT YOU
HAVE IN ANY MANNER VIOLATED OR THREATENED TO VIOLATE OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS, WE MAY SEEK INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER APPROPRIATE RELIEF IN ANY STATE OR
FEDERAL COURT IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. DISCOVERY AND RIGHTS TO APPEAL IN
ARBITRATION ARE GENERALLY MORE LIMITED THAN IN A LAWSUIT, AND OTHER RIGHTS THAT
YOU AND WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. As an
alternative, you may bring your claim in your local “small claims” court, if
permitted by that small claims court’s rules and if within such court’s
jurisdiction, unless such action is transferred, removed or appealed to a
different court. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor
we will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims
covered by this agreement to arbitrate. YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO
PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY
HAVE AGAINST US INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF
INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in
a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims
involving another person’s use of the Services, if we are a party to the
proceeding. This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal
Arbitration Act and not by any state law concerning arbitration. In the event
the American Arbitration Association is unwilling or unable to set a hearing
date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either we
or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the Judicial
Arbitration and Mediation Services. Judgment on the award rendered by the
arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any
provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have
authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of
Service. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any
claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of
the Services or these Terms of Services must be filed within one (1) year after
such claim of action arose or be forever banned.
b. 30-Day Opt-Out Period. If you do not wish to be bound by the arbitration and
class-action waiver provisions in this Section 12, you must notify us in writing
within 30 days of the date that you first accept these Terms (unless a longer
period is required by applicable law). Your written notification must be mailed
to us at the following address: 292 Ivy St., Unit E, San Francisco, CA 94102
If you do not notify us in accordance with this Section 12(b), you agree to be
bound by the arbitration and class-action waiver provisions of these Terms,
including such provisions in any Terms revised after the date of your first
acceptance. Such notification must include: (i) your name; (ii) your mailing
address and (iv) a statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with us
through arbitration. If we make any changes to the Arbitration and Class Action
Waiver section of these Terms (other than a change to the address at which we
will receive notices of dispute, opt-out notices, or rejections of future
changes to the Arbitration and Clause Action Waiver section), you may reject any
such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the
address set forth in this Section 12(b). It is not necessary to send us a
rejection of a future change to the Arbitration and Class Action Waiver section
of these Terms if you had properly opted out of the arbitration and class-action
waiver provisions in this Section 12 within the first 30 days after you first
accepted these Terms. If you have not properly opted out of the arbitration and
class-action waiver provisions in this Section 12, by rejecting a future change,
you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance
with the language of this arbitration provision, as modified by any changes you
did not reject. This notification affects these Terms only; if you previously
entered into other arbitration agreements with us or enter into other such
agreements in the future, your notification that you are opting out of the
arbitration provision in these Terms shall not affect the other arbitration
agreements between you and us.
c. Severability. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims
brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable,
then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration section will be null and
void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your
relationship with us.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, including its conflicts of law rules, and the
United States of America. You agree that any dispute arising from or relating to
the subject matter of these Terms of Service shall be governed by the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of the state and Federal courts of New York County, New
York.
Modification
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these
Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Services (including
without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at
any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you notice through the
Services, via e-mail or by another appropriate means of electronic
communication. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or
restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or
liability. While we will timely provide notice of modifications, it is also your
responsibility to check these Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your
continued use of the Services following notification of any changes to these
Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes, which will apply to
your continued use of the Services going forward. Your use of the Services is
subject to the Terms of Service in effect at the time of such use.
Feedback
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for
improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You may submit Feedback by emailing
us at hello@interstellar.com. You acknowledge and agree that all Feedback will be
the sole and exclusive property of us and you hereby irrevocably assign to us
and agree to irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title, and interest in
and to all Feedback, including without limitation all worldwide patent,
copyright, trade secret, moral and other proprietary or intellectual property
rights therein. At our request and expense, you will execute documents and take
such further acts as we may reasonably request to assist us to acquire, perfect,
and maintain its intellectual property rights and other legal protections for
the Feedback.
Miscellaneous
a. Entire Agreement and Severability. These Terms of Service are the entire
agreement between you and us with respect to the Services, including use of the
Site, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals
(whether oral, written or electronic) between you and us with respect to the
Services. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be
unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Service will otherwise remain in
full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise
in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any
further rights hereunder
b. Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for any failure to perform our
obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond our
reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or
communications failure or degradation.
c. Assignment. These Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not
assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written
consent. We may assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations
hereunder without consent.
d. Agency. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is
created as a result of these Terms of Service and neither party has any
authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
e. Notices. Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Service, all notices
under these Terms of Service will be in writing and will be deemed to have been
duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically
confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent,
if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service.
Electronic notices should be sent to kgardner@gunder.com.
f. No Waiver. Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms of Service shall
not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of
these Terms of Service. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not
mean that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of
compliance with these Terms of Service to be binding, we must provide you with
written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives.
g. Headings. The section and paragraph headings in these Terms of Service are
for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.
Contact
You may contact us at the following address: 292 Ivy St., Unit E, San Francisco, CA 94102.
Information Security Policy
Effective Date of Company Information Security Policy:
October 31, 2017
Introduction
Company considers protection of Customer Data a top priority. As further
described in this Company Information Security Policy, Company uses commercially
reasonable organizational and technical measures designed to prevent
unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of Customer Data stored on
systems under Company’s control.
Access to Customer Data
Company limits its personnel’s access to Customer Data as follows: Requires
unique user access authorization through secure logins and passwords, including
multi-factor authentication for Cloud Hosting administrator access and
individually-assigned Secure Socket Shell (SSH) keys for external engineer
access; Limits the Customer Data available to Company personnel on a “need to
know” basis; Restricts access to Company’s production environment by Company
personnel on the basis of business need; and Encrypts user security credentials
for production access.
Data Encryption
Company provides industry-standard encryption for Customer Data both in flight
and at rest as follows: Implements End-to-End Transport Layer Security (TLS)
across the platform; Uses strong encryption methodologies to protect Customer
Data, such as AES-256 or equivalent encryption for Customer Data stored in
Company’s production environment; and Encrypts all Customer Data stored on cloud
or electronic portable storage devices such as computer laptops, portable drives
and other similar devices while at rest.
Data Management
Company creates an audit trail for key verification with each integration, with
user-specific integration key generation alert controls. Company logically
separates each of its customers’ data and maintains measures designed to prevent
Customer Data from being exposed to or accessed by other customers.
Network Security, Physical Security and Environmental Controls
Company uses a variety of techniques designed to detect and/or prevent
unauthorized access to systems processing Customer Data, including firewalls,
network access controls, and architectural compartmentalization. Company
maintains measures designed to assess, test and apply security patches to all
relevant systems and applications used to provide the Service. Company monitors
privileged access to applications that process Customer Data, including cloud
services. The Service operates on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) and is protected
by Amazon’s security and environmental controls. Detailed information about AWS
security is available at https://aws.amazon.com/security/ and
http://aws.amazon.com/security/sharing-the-security-responsibility/.
For AWS SOC Reports, please see https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/soc-faqs/.
Customer Data stored within AWS is encrypted at all times. AWS does not have
access to unencrypted Customer Data at any time.
Independent Security Assessments
Company periodically assesses the security of its systems and the Service as
follows: Annual detailed security and vulnerability assessments of the Service
conducted by independent third-party security experts that include a thorough
code analysis and a comprehensive security audit. Company shall attest to
Customer the date of the most recent security and vulnerability assessment at
Customer’s reasonable request. Bi-annual penetration testing of Company systems
and applications to test for exploits including, but not limited to, XSS, SQL
injection, access controls, and CSRF. Monthly vulnerability scanning, including
review of any new code added to the Service.
Incident Response
If Company becomes aware of unauthorized access or disclosure of Customer Data
under its control (a “Breach”), Company will: Take reasonable measures to
mitigate the harmful effects of the Breach and prevent further unauthorized
access or disclosure. Upon confirmation of the Breach, notify Customer in
writing of the Breach without undue delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Company is not required to make such notice to the extent prohibited by Laws,
and Company may delay such notice as requested by law enforcement and/or in
light of Company’s legitimate needs to investigate or remediate the matter
before providing notice. Each notice of a Breach will include: The extent to
which Customer Data has been, or is reasonably believed to have been, used,
accessed, acquired or disclosed during the Breach; A description of what
happened, including the date of the Breach and the date of discovery of the
Breach, if known; The scope of the Breach, to the extent known; and A
description of Company’s response to the Breach, including steps Company has
taken to mitigate the harm caused by the Breach.
Business Continuity Management
Company maintains an appropriate business continuity and disaster recovery plan.
Company maintains processes to ensure failover redundancy with its systems,
networks and data storage.
Personnel Management
Company performs employment verification, including proof of identity validation
and criminal background checks for all new hires, including contract employees.
Company provides training for its personnel who are involved in the processing
of the Customer Data to ensure they do not collect, process or use Customer Data
without authorization and that they keep Customer Data confidential, including
following the termination of any role involving the Customer Data. Upon employee
termination, whether voluntary or involuntary, Company immediately disables all
access to critical and noncritical systems, including Company’s physical
facilities.
Modifications to Policy
From time to time, Company may modify this Information Security Policy and its
security procedures, but Company will not materially reduce the overall level of
security afforded to Customer Data during the Subscription Term. Company will
provide any updates to this Security Policy at Customer’s request.