http://www.barlist.com/privacy-policy
Search
Products
Print
Digital
Events
Insurance Professionals
Law Firms
Independent Adjusters
Independent Agents
Expert Service Providers
Managing General Agents
Brokers
Underwriters
Life, Property & Casualty Companies
Resources
News
Industry Terms
Insurance Matter Officials
Motor Vehicle Officials
About
Contact
Login
Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
This site utilizes Google Analytics in order to improve the website experience for our users. The Google Analytics features currently being implemented by this website include Google Display Network Impression Reporting,
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. For more information, please click here
to view the complete policy and list of information that Google Analytics tracks as part of its tooling. Additionally, you can opt out of participating from Google Analytics on this site,
and others, by following this link and following the directions included.
For a list of keywords that are used to describe the Google Analytics policy from above, please refer to this list
for any clarification around terminology.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that allows a website to store information such as user preferences onto the user's computer. For additional information on cookies please refer to the associated
Wikipedia article. This site leverages cookies in order to store session state as well as a requirement to support basic
Google Analytics features. If you prefer, cookies can be disabled through your browser's settings for this and other websites you visit but please understand that this may affect your
experience with our website.
Web Server Logs
Our web server may track client IP addresses in order to provide aggregate information and troubleshooting purposes in order to provider a better website experience for our users. This information is
stored securely on our servers and the data is kept anonymized in order to respect your privacy.
If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@barlist.com