https://www.mwa-consulting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.mwa-consulting.com and MWA Consulting, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to MWA Consulting, Inc. include www.mwa-consulting.com and MWA . The MWA website is a news and information site. If you are an EU resident please review the GDPR polices we use as per https://gdpr.eu/privacy-notice. By using the MWA website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
MWA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
MWA may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to MWA , and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
MWA may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on MWA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MWA ; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of MWA , or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
MWA may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within MWA , in order to determine what MWA services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within MWA to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by MWA . This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the MWA website.
Use of Cookies
The MWA website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize MWA pages, or register with MWA site or services, a cookie helps MWA to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same MWA website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the MWA features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the MWA services or websites you visit.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, MWA may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from MWA or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from MWA , you may opt out of such communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any email sent, or contacting us directly and requesting to be removed.
External Data Storage Sites We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
MWA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
MWA welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that MWA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact MWA at:
MWA Consulting, Inc. 971 Baileyana Road Hillsborough, CA 94010
Email Address: info@mwa-consulting.com
Telephone number: 866-497-7787
Effective as of May 25, 2018