http://www.tradingpro.com/html/privacy.html
Home
Trade Secrets
Pricing
FAQS
Platforms
About the Developer
Sign Up
Login
Home > Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 1, 2006
The following Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of DecisionBar.com (“we” or “us”). Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the
DecisionBar.com website (the “Site”), and the ways in which we use and don’t use this information. This Privacy Policy, including our children’s privacy statement, does not apply to any information you may provide to us
or that we may collect offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of our Site, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we’ll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this website and update the Effective Date of
the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal
information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was
shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit
your request in writing to:
Online Privacy Coordinator
DecisionBar.com
6555 NW 9th Ave., #403
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308
What Information is Collected About Visitors?
The information that we collect about you while you are using the Site falls into two general categories:
1. Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you voluntarily supply either while on the Site or in responding via email in connection with a feature provided on the Site, however we will never share
or sell your email address. Some examples of this type of information include demographic information that you electronically submit when you sign up for access to certain features on the Site, information that you
electronically submit when you register for surveys, sweepstakes or contests on the Site, information that you post on message boards on the Site, and information contained in search requests or questions that you submit
to the Site.
2. Information that is Automatically Collected.
We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the Site. For example, to enhance your experience on the Site, we use a standard feature found in browser software called a
“cookie.” Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us track user trends and patterns. They also
prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you have entered preference information before. DecisionBar.com also uses web beacons (single-pixel graphic files also known as
“transparent GIFs”) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open our HTML-formatted email messages. Another example of information that we automatically collect as you navigate the Site is information
about your computer’s connection to the Internet. This information allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site.
How is this Information Used?
Email addresses collected on our site are only used to send you the information detailed on the sign-up form used when you submitted your emaill address and occasional promotional offers from us. You can unsubscribe from
these email at any time by using the unsubscribe link included in each email or by sending an email to: support@decisionbar.com
We use the generic and demographic information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize features and advertising that appear on the Site. We also
may provide generic traffic information to third parties, such as service providers, contractors, and advertisers, for a variety of purposes. For example, we may provide our advertisers with generic information about our
visitors that will enable our advertisers to better target ads to specific types of visitors.
We reserve the right to use and to disclose to third parties all of the generic information that we collect online about you and other visitors in any way and for any purpose. We will not use any personal information
that we collect online from you while you are using the Site, nor will we authorize third parties to use such information, to mail or email promotional offers directly to you. If you do not want to receive promotional
offers from us you can notify us of that by unsubscribing to our emails using the link provided or by sending an email to: support@decisionbar.com
Please also keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online – for example on message boards, through email or web logs, or in chat areas – that
information may be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third party use of such information.
The Site may include links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase third party
products or services through the Site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.
We also make some content, products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third party providers, where the brands of our provider partner appear on the Site in connection with
such content, products and/or services. We may share with our provider partner any information you provide, or that is collected, in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our
provider partner. In some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly; in which cases the privacy policy of the provider partner may apply to the provider partner’s use of your information. The
privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more information.
Be aware that we may occasionally release information about visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Terms of Service agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety
of users of the Site, the public, or DecisionBar.com.
Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or our site is acquired by another company, information about our visitors may
be among the transferred assets.
Children’s Privacy Statement
This children’s privacy statement explains DecisionBar.com’s practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information
regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information.
This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we do NOT condition the participation of a child under thirteen in the Site’s online
activities on providing personally identifiable information.
How To Make Changes to Your Information
You have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters, you may change your subscriber information, modify your subscriptions, and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by visiting the personalized link
at the bottom of the email or by sending an email to: support@decisionbar.com
Questions Regarding Privacy
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or your dealings with us, please contact us by writing to:
Barry Zeitlin
DecisionBar.com
2700 Cypress Creek Rd. #D107 East
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309
Questions Regarding Privacy?
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or your dealings with us, please contact us by writing to:
Barry Zeitlin
DecisionBar.com
2700 Cypress Creek Rd. #D107 East
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309
DecisionBarTrading.com
2700 Cypress Creek Rd, #107D East
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309
Phone: 800-228-4256
International Calls: 954-302-7836
eMail: support@decisionbar.com
Skype: barry.zeitlin
Learn "Trade Secrets"
the insiders don't
want you to know.
CLICK HERE
Works with Many Brokers and Charting Platforms
CLICK HERE
FREE One-on-One Training and
Support
CLICK HERE
Pricing Schedule and Details of our 30-day Risk-Free
Trial
CLICK HERE
Frequently
Asked
Questions
CLICK HERE
Home
FAQ's
Resources
Member Log-In
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
^ Back to Top