http://www.investmentbank.barclays.com/disclosures/cookie-policy.html
Home
BankingBanking
Main menu
Banking
AIIB’s inaugural bond AIIB’s inaugural bond
Supporting higher education ambitionsSupporting higher education ambitions
Helping PCH boost affordable housing in PlymouthHelping PCH boost affordable housing in Plymouth
Helping IFC fight COVID-19 with the capital marketsHelping IFC fight COVID-19 with the capital markets
WBG issues $8 billion bond for efforts to tackle COVID-19WBG issues $8 billion bond for efforts to tackle COVID-19
Driving success with Toyota Finance AustraliaDriving success with Toyota Finance Australia
Taking cloud banking global with nCino’s IPOTaking cloud banking global with nCino’s IPO
The Rockefeller Foundation’s first bond for charity purposesThe Rockefeller Foundation’s first bond for charity purposes
MarketsMarkets
Main menu
Markets
Transform the way you trade with BARXTransform the way you trade with BARX
ResearchResearch
Main menu
Research
Alexa SkillAlexa Skill
Barclays LiveBarclays Live
Credit ResearchCredit Research
Equity ResearchEquity Research
Macro ResearchMacro Research
Quantitative Portfolio StrategyQuantitative Portfolio Strategy
Data ScienceData Science
ESG ResearchESG Research
InsightsInsights
Main menu
Insights
MicromobilityMicromobility
Activist investing and M&AActivist investing and M&A
2019 global mergers and acquisitions outlook2019 global mergers and acquisitions outlook
2019 debt capital markets outlook2019 debt capital markets outlook
World Economic Forum 2019World Economic Forum 2019
A European perspective: Four themes shaping markets in 2019A European perspective: Four themes shaping markets in 2019
Tackling the fourth industrial revolutionTackling the fourth industrial revolution
Why TV advertising may be headed toward a cliffWhy TV advertising may be headed toward a cliff
The bounce and the fadeThe bounce and the fade
Charging up for the energy revolutionCharging up for the energy revolution
The Flip Side podcastThe Flip Side podcast
Six factors disrupting the legacy media bundleSix factors disrupting the legacy media bundle
Algo Wheels: 6 essential building blocksAlgo Wheels: 6 essential building blocks
21% is better than 35%: US tax reform fuelling M&A21% is better than 35%: US tax reform fuelling M&A
Three reasons US interest rates are unlikely to skyrocketThree reasons US interest rates are unlikely to skyrocket
What's behind the IPO comeback?What's behind the IPO comeback?
Blockchain's next big market opportunityBlockchain's next big market opportunity
Barclays Asia Forum 2018Barclays Asia Forum 2018
ESG investing yields positive returns in select bond marketsESG investing yields positive returns in select bond markets
Society’s digital addiction: The smartphone challengeSociety’s digital addiction: The smartphone challenge
An uneasy alliance: can the world be less reliant on oil?An uneasy alliance: can the world be less reliant on oil?
Assessing the threat of monopolies in Retail and MediaAssessing the threat of monopolies in Retail and Media
Plastic Waste: Don’t lose your bottlePlastic Waste: Don’t lose your bottle
Three trends: The rise of sustainable & green bond marketsThree trends: The rise of sustainable & green bond markets
Barclays Asia Forum 2019Barclays Asia Forum 2019
Looking East: Banking trends realign across Asia PacificLooking East: Banking trends realign across Asia Pacific
Food Waste: Ripe for changeFood Waste: Ripe for change
A new world of electronic trading A new world of electronic trading
Promoting growth in an uncertain environmentPromoting growth in an uncertain environment
Insect protein: bitten by the bugInsect protein: bitten by the bug
2019 UK general election interviews2019 UK general election interviews
3 Point Perspective3 Point Perspective
Barclays India Forum: The path aheadBarclays India Forum: The path ahead
9 data points that expose hidden ride-hailing trends in NYC9 data points that expose hidden ride-hailing trends in NYC
Sustainable tourism: a journey worth takingSustainable tourism: a journey worth taking
150 trends for investors to watch in the 2020s150 trends for investors to watch in the 2020s
10 ESG themes for 202010 ESG themes for 2020
Global Fashion: Green is the new blackGlobal Fashion: Green is the new black
The Hydrogen EconomyThe Hydrogen Economy
A new identity: COVID-19 and the changing U.S. consumerA new identity: COVID-19 and the changing U.S. consumer
Air Quality: A breath of fresh airAir Quality: A breath of fresh air
Sustainable FashionSustainable Fashion
The post-COVID economyThe post-COVID economy
A growing divide: Income inequality affects US homeownershipA growing divide: Income inequality affects US homeownership
The future of Smart CitiesThe future of Smart Cities
2020 US general election2020 US general election
News and EventsNews and Events
Main menu
News and Events
Jobs of tomorrow, solutions for the planetJobs of tomorrow, solutions for the planet
Encore! A path for workplace re-entryEncore! A path for workplace re-entry
Encore! programme reboots careersEncore! programme reboots careers
10 million pixels of digital innovation10 million pixels of digital innovation
2019 Equity Gilt Study2019 Equity Gilt Study
Reenergising careers through Encore!Reenergising careers through Encore!
Making a difference: Tarun Mathur and the Everest ChallengeMaking a difference: Tarun Mathur and the Everest Challenge
Accelerating the growth of sustainable entrepreneursAccelerating the growth of sustainable entrepreneurs
Barclays ranked number one in green bond issuance in Q1 2020Barclays ranked number one in green bond issuance in Q1 2020
Barclays Research launches UK Spend Trends 2.0Barclays Research launches UK Spend Trends 2.0
We want a culture where you feel safe in being yourselfWe want a culture where you feel safe in being yourself
£100 million COVID-19 Community Aid Package£100 million COVID-19 Community Aid Package
Barclays Adds ESG Assessment and IndicatorsBarclays Adds ESG Assessment and Indicators
Our ambition to be a net zero bank by 2050Our ambition to be a net zero bank by 2050
Barclays appoints Gautam Chawla as Vice ChairmanBarclays appoints Gautam Chawla as Vice Chairman
Barclays Investment Bank appoints Alex LynchBarclays Investment Bank appoints Alex Lynch
HEROES is supporting key workersHEROES is supporting key workers
2020 EGS: Putting the post-COVID world in context2020 EGS: Putting the post-COVID world in context
Combatting the dual pandemics of COVID-19 and inequalityCombatting the dual pandemics of COVID-19 and inequality
Empowering local talent with skills for digital & tech jobsEmpowering local talent with skills for digital & tech jobs
Closing the 'digital divide' remote training during COVID-19Closing the 'digital divide' remote training during COVID-19
Barclays expands leadership in ESG bankingBarclays expands leadership in ESG banking
Barclays Launches NDF Algorithms on BARXBarclays Launches NDF Algorithms on BARX
Barclays appoints Kieran-DoranBarclays appoints Kieran-Doran
Barclays appoints Philip-GillmannBarclays appoints Philip-Gillmann
Barclays appoints Manuel EsteveBarclays appoints Manuel Esteve
How Barclays is promoting gender diversity How Barclays is promoting gender diversity
Barclays named 'World’s Best Bank for Markets'Barclays named 'World’s Best Bank for Markets'
“Trading is about the world around you”“Trading is about the world around you”
Barclays expands FX footprint in Singapore Barclays expands FX footprint in Singapore
“To be successful on the trading floor”“To be successful on the trading floor”
Having diverse thinkers helps us make better decisionsHaving diverse thinkers helps us make better decisions
Robin Hood: COVID-19 ReliefRobin Hood: COVID-19 Relief
Barclays appoints Florent RodierBarclays appoints Florent Rodier
Entrepreneurship As A Force For GoodEntrepreneurship As A Force For Good
Barclays Launches BARX Book for EquitiesBarclays Launches BARX Book for Equities
Client Login
Barclays Live
BARX
Barclays Group
Contact us
Careers
Double click here to edit new Home Header component
Parsys 1
Disclosures
Cookie policy
Share this page
Parsys 2
Parsys 3
What are cookies and how does www.investmentbank.barclays.com use them?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which your computer or mobile device downloads when you visit a website. When you return to websites — or visit other websites that use the same cookies — they recognise these cookies and therefore your browsing device.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like helping us understand how this website is being used, letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
You can learn about the cookies we use and how to manage them below.
What types of cookies does www.investmentbank.barclays.com use?
The type of cookies used on most websites can generally be put into 1 of 4 categories: Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality and Targeting.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas. Without these cookies, services you've asked for can't be provided. These cookies don’t gather information about you that is used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet.
As this category of cookie is essential for the www.investmentbank.barclays.com to work it cannot be disabled.
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiry
barclayscookiepolicy
This cookie deployed by Barclays PLC and is used to retain your www.investmentbank.barclays.com cookie preferences.
1 year
CCP_DOTCOM
This cookie is deployed by Barclays PLC and is used to retain your www.investmentbank.barclays.com cookie preferences.
20 years
This list may be updated from time to time, you should check back on a regular basis for changes.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use a website, for example which pages you go to most often and if you get error messages from certain pages. These cookies don't gather information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how a website works.
These cookies are not used to target you with online marketing. Without these cookies we can't learn how our website is performing and make relevant improvements that could better your browsing experience.
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiry
s_sq
Adobe Analytics
These 3rd party cookies are deployed by Adobe and are used solely by Barclays for the purpose of gathering analytics. Some examples of how these cookies are used are as follows: to see which areas and features are popular, to count visits to the website.
At end of session
s_fid
Up to 5 years
s_cc
At end of session
_ga
Up to 2 years
Scorecard Research
This 3rd party cookie is deployed by Scorecard research solely for the use by Barclays. It is used to gather anonymous browsing data to help inform improvements to the website.
Up to 6 months
AMCV
AMCV cookie is set in the first-party domain, the ID service relies on the organization ID and the demdex ID to return the correct MID when a site visitor navigates to a different domain.
2 years
AMCVS
The AMCVS cookie serves as a flag indicating that the session has been initialized. Its value is always 1 and discontinues when the session has ended.
At end of session
S_ppv
Session cookie that stores information on portion of the current page that has been viewed.
At end of session
S_ppvl
Session cookie that stores information on the percentage of the page displayed to you.
At end of session
Aa_pp
Used to track the performance.
5.5 hours
Demdex
The demdex ID and your organization ID are the common values that allows the ID service to return and identify a site visitor with the right visitor ID.
At end of session
This list may be updated from time to time, you should check back on a regular basis for changes.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow a website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you're in) and tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you. For instance, the website may be able to provide you with local branch information or contact details. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you've made to text size, font and other parts of pages that you can customise.
They may also be used to provide services you've asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Without these cookies, a website cannot remember choices you've previously made or personalise your browsing experience.
Functionality & Profile Cookies
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiry
countryCode
This cookie is deployed by Barclays PLC and is used to retain your country selection within the Products and services section
10 years
CPP_DISCLAIMER
This cookie is deployed by Barclays PLC and is used to retain your accepts to a legal disclaimer within a section of the website called "Prospectuses, final terms and related documentation".
End of session
Adobe TagManager
This 3rd party cookie is deployed by Adobe and used to manage and control all the tags and analytical tools across the website.
End of session
This list may be updated from time to time, you should check back on a regular basis for changes.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are used to tailor marketing to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information may be shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Although these cookies can track your visits to other websites, they don’t usually know who you are.
Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests.
Targeting Cookies
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiry
DoubleClick
This 3rd party cookie is deployed by Google (DoubleClick) and collects anonymous data on ad views, analytics and browser information.
Up to 2 years
Dstillery
This 3rd party cookie is deployed by Dstillery and collects anonymous data on ad views, analytics and browser information
Up to 2 years
LinkedIn
The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a user's browser until a user deletes the cookie or the cookie expires. It collects anonymous data on ad views, analytics and browser information.
Rolling 6 month
Twitter
This cookie is deployed by Twitter to measure conversions, optimize ad targeting, improve Twitter's systems, and create tailored audiences for Barclay's to use on the Twitter platform. Information regarding personalized advertising on Twitter, including opt-outs can be found at https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
Up to 2 years
This 3rd party cookie is deployed by Google (DoubleClick) and collects anonymous data on ad views, analytics and browser information.
This 3rd party cookie is deployed by Google (DoubleClick) and collects anonymous data on ad views, analytics and browser information.
This list may be updated from time to time, you should check back on a regular basis for changes.
What happens if I disable cookies?
If cookies are disabled on your computer, tablet or mobile your experience on the website may be limited. For example you may not be able to browse freely or use specific functions or features.
How do I disable / enable cookies
To disable or enable cookies you will need to change some settings on your Internet browser.
We have provided step-by-step guides for the major desktop browsers below.
For information on how to manage cookies on your tablet or mobile please consult your documentation or online help files:
Google Chrome
In the settings menu, select 'show advanced settings' at the bottom of the page
Select the 'content settings' button in the privacy section
In the page that appears tells you can manage and/or clear stored cookies.
Firefox
In the menu, select 'options'
Select the privacy tab in the options box
From the dropdown choose, 'use custom settings for history'. This will present the options for cookies and you can choose to enable or disable cookies.
Internet Explorer 6+
In the tools menu, select 'Internet options'
Click the privacy tab
You will see a privacy settings slider which has six settings that allow you to control the number of cookies that will be placed: Block All Cookies, High, Medium High, Medium (default level), Low, and Accept All Cookies.
Safari
In the settings menu, select the 'preferences' option
Open the privacy tab
Select the option you want from the 'block cookies' section
Any other browser
For information on how to manage cookies via other desktop browsers please consult your documentation or online help files.
What happens to cookies that have been downloaded in the past?
If you've disabled through your browser we may still use information collected from existing cookies, but we'll stop using the disabled cookies to gather any further information. For information on deleting stored cookies in your browser please visit the All About Cookies website.
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Parsys 4
In this section
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Manage cookie settings
Share this page
Parsys 5
Parsys 6
iParsys for Double Pixel component