https://www.straightwire.com/privacy.html
Menu
PRIVACY POLICY
STRAIGHT WIRE - PRIVACY POLICY
The information you give us
will never be rented, sold, shared or otherwise disclosed.
We may send you promotional announcements from time to time about new products that you might find useful. You may also opt out from receiving information from us at any time and ask us to remove your contact information from our database.
Straight Wire, Inc.. provides this Web Site Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to respect your privacy. This Web Site Privacy Statement explains how we collect certain personal information at our Web Site at www.straightwire.com. This Web Site Privacy Statement also explains how we use and disclose such information.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at mailto:info@straightwire.com.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets.
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Submitting Personal Information
In certain situations, we will ask you to submit Personal Information. We will use this Personal Information only as described under the header "Use and Transfer of Personal Information."
When you provide information about yourself and your equipment using the Straight Wire Home SYSTEM ANALYSIS.
When you participate in our voluntary surveys by providing information about yourself and your use of our products.
In order to deliver additional information that you request about our products or services, we may ask you to submit a customer service form with your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, the Straight Wire product you own, the topic of your request and your comments.
You can also e-mail us your comments or a review about Straight Wire products. In order send your comments and reviews of Straight Wire products to Straight Wire, you will be asked to submit Personal Information using the Straight Wire
Testimonials form, such as your name, address, phone number, occupation/profession, e-mail address and your comments and opinions (Your Statement"). Straight Wire will keep this information in its database and may contact you by the means you've provided to Straight Wire. In addition, Straight Wire may post your name, profession and Your Statement on our website or use your name, profession and Your Statement in marketing materials at Straight Wire's sole discretion. However, we receive permission to post testimonials and product reviews that contain personally identifiable information prior to posting. Straight Wire will not share your information with any third party.
If you choose to submit a product review that contains personally identifiable information, you should be aware that this information that you submit can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Web Site, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information that you submit in this forum.
Use and Transfer of Personal Information
Straight Wire will
not transfer Personal Information to third parties.
If you do not wish to receive communications from us, you can send an e-mail to mailto:info@straightwire.com with the subject stating "UNSUBSCRIBE", simply opt out during the checkout process, or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email.
Links
Our Web Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Straight Wire is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, and this Web Site Privacy Statement does not apply to such sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Changes to this Web Site Privacy Statement
If we decide to change this Web Site Privacy Statement – which we reserve the right to do, at any time, effective immediately – we will post the revised policy at this location, or at another location that is accessible via link from our homepage, so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it, on any given day. If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a manner that is substantially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or a prominent notice on our Web site, and provide users with a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at mailto:info@straightwire.com.
HOME
HOME THEATER SYSTEM ANALYSIS
AUDIO SYSTEM ANALYSIS
INTERCONNECTS
LEVEL 1 AND 2
LEVEL 3 AND 4
INWALL CABLES
SUBWOOFER CABLES
Y AND TONEARM CABLES
SPEAKER CABLE
LEVEL 1 AND 2
LEVEL 3 AND 4
INWALL CABLES
SPECIALTY CABLES
HDMI
DIGITAL AUDIO
CONNECTORS
PORTABLE/COMPUTER
POWER CABLE
HOME THEATER
INTERCONNECT
SPEAKER CABLE
HDMI
DIGITAL AUDIO
SUBWOOFER
MISSION & METHODS
FAQ / CABLE FABLES
TECHNO CORNER
HISTORY & FIRSTS
AWARDS & PRESS
USEFUL LINKS
PRIOR PRODUCTS
DEALER LOCATOR
WHY UPGRADE?
WHY STRAIGHT WIRE?
TESTAMONIALS
SHOWS & EVENTS CONTACT US