http://www.aclighting.com/content/privacy-policy/
Home
Brands
Chroma-Q®
Vista by Chroma-Q®
PROLIGHTS
Luminex Network Intelligence
Manfrotto and Avenger
Follow-Me: Tracking Solutions
LumenRadio
Prolyte
Jands Stage CL
See all brands
Products
LED Fixtures
Lighting Control
Video Conference Key Light
Networking
Lighting Stands & Accessories
Remote Follow Spot Control
Wireless DMX
Truss & Rigging
CLEARANCE
See all products
News
News
Case Studies
Upcoming Events
Service & Support
Service & Support
Reference
Learn About Light
Downloads
Discontinued Products
Schedule a Demo
About Us
About Us
Sister Companies
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Trademarks and Copyrights
Newsletter Sign Up
RoHS Declaration of Compliance
Careers
Contact us
$0.00
Schedule a Demo
Newsletter Sign Up
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
October 8, 2019 07:49
By using the website www.aclighting.com (the “Website”), including, but not limited to, registering, making purchases, ordering products, goods and/or services, reviewing past orders and accounts, and/or any other use of the Website whatsoever (the “Use”), the Buyer is agreeing to the terms and conditions within this policy and all ancillary policies.
We, A.C. Lighting Inc. (“we”, “us”, the “Seller” or “A.C. LIGHTING” herein), may from time to time review and revise this policy.  A revised policy will be effective and binding on you at the time it is posted on the Website.
We have incorporated security measures in order to protect the loss or misuse of the information provided.
We will never wilfully disclose individually identifiable information about our customers to any third party, except in the limited circumstances permitted by this policy or as required by applicable law.  We do not sell, rent or loan any individually identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party.
All employees of A.C. Lighting Inc. understand that any information provided to us is to be held confidentially to ensure our customer’s privacy.
1. Introduction
This “Privacy Policy” summarizes what personal information we collect, and how we use and disclose this information.
By using the Website, you signify your consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Website or submit any personal information to us.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will reflect any such modifications to this Privacy Policy on our Website. Your continued use of the Website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, as revised.
2. What is Personal Information?
We consider “Personal Information” to mean any information that is voluntarily provided by the customer including name, address, and contact information.  Ultimately, the Personal Information you provide to the Website is at your discretion and under your control.  Any Personal Information that you provide, we may collect.
We collect Personal Information when you voluntarily provide it through our Website, or when you provide it to us through other means. For example, we may collect Personal Information when you:
Contact us through email, telephone, mail; or other correspondence;
Register for a service we provide (“Services”); or Register to receive our newsletter.
The Personal Information we may collect will depend on the Goods you request, and may include your full name, contact information, such as your address, telephone number, or email address; any other Personal Information that you choose to submit to us.
3. Why Do We Collect Personal Information?
Our concern is to provide a forum for a safe and efficient online transaction.  In order to facilitate this service, we may use the Personal Information in order to facilitate the transaction, to provide the services provided by the Website, to operate, maintain and manage the Website, to fulfil our contractual and legal obligations to third parties with respect to your Personal Information, and to customize and evaluate our services and the Website to you.
4. How We Collect Information Through Technological Means
When you visit our website, we may collect information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser. This information may include your domain name, and your numerical IP address. We may also collect other information, such as the type of browser you use, which pages you view, and the files you request.
We use this information to better understand how visitors use our Website, and to improve our Website to better meet your needs. The amount of information that is sent by your web browser depends on the browser and settings you use. Please refer to the instructions provided by your browser if you want to learn more about what information it sends to websites you visit, or how you may change or restrict this.
We may use “cookies” and other similar devices on this Website to enhance functionality. These devices may track information which includes, but is not limited to: (i) IP address; (ii) the type of web browser and operating system used; and (iii) the pages of the Website visited. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how. If you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some features on this Website.
We have no control over the content of third-party websites that individuals may access through hyperlinks on the Website.  We encourage everyone to read the privacy policy of every website they visit.
5. How Company Uses and Discloses Personal Information
The Personal Information we collect may be used by us for the purposes for which it was collected, as provided in this Privacy Policy, or for other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
For example, we may use your Personal Information to: respond to your inquiries; supply you with requested products or services; send you informational or promotional communications; to carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent; to carry out any other purpose permitted or required by law. We may transfer Personal Information to third party service providers that assist us with carrying out these purposes.
Some or all of the personal information we collect may be stored or processed in jurisdictions outside of Canada. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions.
We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information in the event that we merge with or are acquired by a third party. We also may disclose your Personal Information for any other purpose permitted by law or to which you consent.
6. How We Protect Personal Information
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We protect your Personal Information by maintaining physical, organizational and technological safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of such Personal Information. Personal Information may only be accessed by persons within our organization who require such access to provide you with the services indicated above.
We retain Personal Information that we collect only as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to meet legal requirements. We destroy Personal Information when it is no longer needed.
We endeavour to maintain appropriate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to the storage of Personal Information so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of Personal Information.  We use firewalls and maintain the Personal Information in an access-restricted room.  Access to the Personal Information is password-restricted.
7. Consent
By providing Personal Information via the Website, you agree and consent that we may collect, use and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.  In addition, where appropriate, specific authorizations or consents may be obtained from time to time.
In most cases and subject to legal and contractual restrictions, you are free to refuse or withdraw your consent at any time.  It should be noted that the Website can only be used if you provide Personal Information.  Consequently, if you choose not to provide us with any required Personal Information, we cannot continue to allow you to use and/or make payments through the Website.
8. The Accuracy and Retention of Personal Information
You have a right to access to your Personal Information and to request a correction to it if you believe it is inaccurate. If you have submitted Personal Information and would like to have access to it, or if you would like to have it corrected, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
We keep your Personal Information only as long as it is required for the reasons it was collected.  The length of time we retain information varies, depending on its use and the nature of the information.  This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us but it will be only for so long as is necessary.
9. Resolving Your Privacy Concerns
In the event of questions about: (i) access to your Personal Information; (ii) our collection, use, management or disclosure of Personal Information; or (iii) this Policy; please contact us via e-mail at northamerica@aclighting.com or by telephone at (416) 255 9494.
This Privacy Policy is subject to all applicable Canadian laws and regulations.
Recent News
Seasons Greetings!
December 3, 2020 16:00
Let the world see you in the best light with Chroma-Q’s Sandi
December 1, 2020 09:30
Vista 3 by Chroma-Q Software Release 3 is Now Live
November 19, 2020 10:00
Follow-Me TWO and SIX Now Available
through A.C. Lighting Inc.
September 28, 2020 11:30
A.C. Lighting Inc. Shows Support Through Red Alert
September 2, 2020 08:35
Search
Clear
About Us
A.C. Lighting Inc. supplies world-class lighting and associated rigging technologies for the theater, film, television, worship, exhibition and commercial markets. Our vast choice and stockholding of products, accessories and consumables, coupled with in-house cable manufacturing facilities, provide a complete ‘one-stop’ service to meet all your lighting needs.
Tel. +1-416-255-9494
e-mail:
northamerica@aclighting.com
Career Opportunities
Newsletter Sign Up
Products
Chroma-Q
Vista by Chroma-Q
PROLIGHTS
Luminex Network Intelligence
LumenRadio
Follow-Me
Manfrotto and Avenger
Prolyte
Jands Stage CL
SCHEDULE A DEMO
Disclaimer
Please note: product specifications, pricing and details are subject to change without notice. Please refer to the manufacturer's website for the most up to date specifications and product details. All prices on this website are in USD.
Facebook Feed
Copyright © 2004 - 2020 A.C. Lighting Inc. - All Rights Reserved
Confirm your action
Are you sure you want to perform this action?
No
Yes