http://www.henrypratt.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Mueller Water ProductsEchologics – A Mueller Technologies CompanyHydro Gate ValvesHydro-Guard Flushing & Monitoring SystemsHYMAXJones Water Distribution ProductsKrauszMilliken ValvesMueller Co. Water Distribution ProductsMueller Canada LLCMueller InternationalMueller Systems – A Mueller Technologies CompanyPratt ValvesSinger Valve Inc.US Pipe Valve & Hydrant ProductsMueller Co. Gas Distribution Products
Search keyword(s)
Type - Any -FileContent Apply
HomePrivacy Policy
Last modified: 4 May 2018INTRODUCTIONMueller Water Products and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Company” or “We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit any of the Company’s “Websites” (listed at the end of this Privacy Policy) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:On the Websites.In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Websites.When you interact with our content, advertising, and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or content include links to this Privacy Policy.Information we collect in connection with your attendance at a trade show.It does not apply to information collected by:Us through other offline means.Us through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; orAny third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Websites. By accessing or using any of the Websites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of any of the Websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 16The Websites are not intended for children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on the Websites. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at 1200 Abernathy Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30028, Suite 1200.  INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT ITWe collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites, including information:By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, and general information about your professional position in relation to our products (“personal information”);That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as comments or inquiries; and/orAbout your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites and usage details.We collect this information:Directly from you when you provide it to us.Automatically as you navigate through the Websites. Information collected automatically may include usage details like what browser and device you use, IP addresses, browsing history on and off our Websites and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.From third parties, for example, our business partners.INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US. The information we collect on or through our Websites may include:Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletters, changing your address on file, or asking us to contact you. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Websites.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.Your search queries on the Websites.INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES.  As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:Details of your visits to our Websites, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites.Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, ISP, and browser type.We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). See “California Do Not Track Disclosures” for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on the Websites and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Websites according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you return to our Websites.The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites.Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Websites may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Websites. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).THIRD-PARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES.Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Websites. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:To present our Websites and their contents to you.To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.To notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide though them.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the [order form/registration form.  For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our businesses, including operation of our Websites.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets (including those of any affiliate or subsidiary), whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company (or the applicable affiliate or subsidiary) about our Website users is among the assets transferred.  To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, such as to send you product literature upon request.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent.We may also disclose your personal information:To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our Legal Statement  and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATIONWe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can so direct us by refusing consent on the form on which we collect your data or at any other time by sending us an email stating your request to the appropriate below email address. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.CALIFORNIA DOES NOT TRACK DISCLOSURESThe Company may track your behavior across the Websites and across third-party sites and services.  If you do not want such tracking enabled, please see the below links relating to setting “Do Not Track” signals via various browsers.  We will honor “Do Not Track” signals set in these browsers.Safari:  https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21416?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_USFirefox:  https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-do-i-turn-do-not-track-feature/Chrome:  https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2790761?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=enExplorer:  https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17288ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATIONYou may send us an email at the appropriate below email address to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.DATA LOCATION AND LEGAL STANDARDSAll information we collect via the Websites is stored and process on servers, either ours or those of our third-party service providers, in the United States or other countries.  The data privacy laws in these countries may differ from the laws of your home country. We operate the Websites in accordance with U.S. law and this Privacy Policy, and we require our third-party service providers to sign agreements with us that conform to this Privacy Policy and United States law.  DATA SECURITYWe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Websites. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you, such as via email at the address we have on file for you or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Websites and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.CONTACT INFORMATIONTo ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, contact us at:1200 Abernathy Road, Atlanta, Georgia 30028, Suite 1200  or via telephone:770-206-4200Company Websites Covered By this Privacy Policy And Their Contact Email Addresseswww.muellercompany.commoreinfo@muellercompany.comwww.muellergas.commoreinfo@muellercompany.comwww.joneswaterproducts.commoreinfo@muellercompany.comwww.uspvh.commoreinfo@muellercompany.comwww.henrypratt.commoreinfo@henrypratt.comwww.millikenvalve.commoreinfo@millikenvalve.comwww.hydrogate.comHGQuotations@hydrogate.comwww.singervalve.comsinger@singervalve.comwww.muellerwaterproducts.comPlease use the above postal address.muellersystems.cominfo@muellersystems.comwww.echologics.cominfo@echologics.com