http://www.gelatine.org/en/service/terms-conditions.html
Terms & Conditions
Terms and conditions of the use of GME web site www.gelatine.orgThese conditions may be changed at all time.
INFORMATION INCLUDEDThe material contained on this web site is for information only. GME endeavours to make its best efforts to up-date the information on a regular basis, but it is not claimed to be exhaustive. GME has compiled the pages on this web site very carefully, and the information placed on this web site is offered in utmost good faith.This information is believed to be correct. Nevertheless, GME makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of any of this information.GME will in no event be responsible for damages of any nature whatsoever resulting from the use or reliance to the information contained in this web site.PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy sets out how we, GME, The Gelatine Manufacturers of Europe collect, store and use information about you when you use or interact with our website, www.gelatine.org.  (our website) and where we otherwise obtain or collect information about you. This Privacy Policy is effective from 25 May 2018.Access to the website www.gelatine.org implies the User’s full and unreserved acceptance of this Privacy Policy, as well as its general terms of use and the cookie policy.SUMMARYThis section summarises how we obtain, store and use information about you. It is intended to provide a very general overview only. It is not complete in and of itself and it must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy.Data controller: GME, The Gelatine Manufacturer of EuropeHow we collect or obtain information about you:    when you provide it to us by contacting us via e-mail or filling in the form to subscribe to our  newsletter and contact form    from your use of our website, using cookiesInformation we collect:    IP address,    information from cookies (only PHP-session-ID)    information about your computer or device (e.g. device and browser type)    information about how you use our website (e.g. which pages you have viewed    the time when you view them and what you clicked on    the geographical location from which you accessed our website (based on your IP address)    When you fill out our Contact forms: your first and last name, company and emailHow we use your information:    for administrative and business purposes                         to analyse your use of our website    if you have subscribed to our newsletter,  to send you the newsletterDisclosure of your information to third parties: only to the extent necessary to    to our service providers with whom we have a data processing agreement in place    to fulfil any contracts we enter into with you    where required by law or to enforce our legal rightsYour rights in relation to your information    to access your information and to receive information about its use    to have your information corrected and/or completed    to have your information deleted    to restrict the use of your information    to receive your information in a portable format    to object to the use of your information    to withdraw your consent to the use of your informationto complain to a supervisory authoritySensitive personal information:We do not collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’.OUR DETAILSThe data controller in respect of our website is the Gelatine Manufacturers of Europe. Information we collect when you visit our websiteWe collect and use information from website visitors in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information. Web server log informationWe host our website in Germany. Our server automatically logs the IP address you use to access our website as well as other information about your visit such as:    the pages accessed    information requested    the date and time of the request    the source of your access to our website (e.g. the website or URL (link) which referred you to our website)    your browser version and operating systemOur server is located in a data centre in Germany. Use of website server log information for IT security purposesWe collect and store server logs to ensure network and IT security and so that the server and website remain uncompromised. This includes analysing log files to help identify and prevent unauthorised access to our network, the distribution of malicious code, denial of services attacks and other cyber-attacks, by detecting unusual or suspicious activity.Unless we are investigating suspicious or potential criminal activity, We do not make, nor do we allow, any attempt to identify you from the information collected via server logs. Use of website server log information to analyse website use and improve our websiteWe use the information collected by our website server logs to analyse how our website users interact with our website and its features. For example, we analyse the number of visits and unique visitors we receive, the time and date of the visit, the location of the visit and the operating system and browser used.We use the information gathered from the analysis of this information to improve our website. For example, we use the information gathered to change the information, content and structure of our website and individual pages based according to what users are engaging most with and the duration of time spent on particular pages on our website.COOKIESCookies are data files, which are sent from a website to a browser to record information about users for various purposes. We use essential cookies on our website. For further information on how we use cookies, please see our cookies policy located in the above chapter.For further information about cookies, including how to change your browser settings, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org or see our cookies policy. Information we collect when you contact usWe collect and use information from individuals who contact us in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information. EMAILWhen you send an email to the email address displayed on our website we collect your email address and any other information you provide in that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information contained in any signature block in your email). POSTIf you contact us by post, we will collect any information you provide to us in any postal communications you send us.GOOGLE ANALYTICSThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYWe update and amend our Privacy Policy from time to time.GME recommends that you consult this Policy every time you consult the GME website for any changes.COPYRIGHTThis site and its content, where applicable, are subject to the copyright of GME. Reproduction is authorised, except for commercial purposes, provided that the source is mentioned and acknowledged.GME claims no copyright on any official document or in the public domain. Copyright, if any, of third party material found in this site must also be respected.TRADEMARKSThe GME logo is a trade mark registered by GME, in Europe. Therefore, this logo/trade mark is subject of the proprietary rights of GME; no rights are being granted.LINKSLinks to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience. Therefore, those links imply neither responsibility for, nor approval of, the information contained in these web sites by GME.
×