https://www.agloan.com/legal-information/
Skip to Content
Search
Close Search Modal
Home
Secure Login
New Online Banking
or
Legacy Online Banking
Not sure which to use?
Enroll in online banking
Legacy Online Banking
We encourage you to start using our new Online Banking platform by submitting your Administrator designation now. If you have already designated an administrator, you will receive documents to sign and further instructions shortly. To continue to Legacy Online Banking, click HERE.
New Online Banking
Username
Forgot username or password?
Enroll in online banking
Financing
All Financing Options
Real Estate Loans
Operating Loans & Lines of Credit
Equipment Financing
Agribusiness & Capital Markets
Country Home Loans
Young, Beginning & Small Farmers
Treasury Management
Loan Inquiry Form
Calculate Your Payments
Insurance
Crop Insurance
Credit Life Insurance
Insurance Agent Locator
Ag Insights
All Ag Insights
Industry News & Outlooks
Customer Stories
How We Operate
About Us
Who We Are
Board of Directors
Senior Leadership
Charter History
Cash Patronage Distribution
Banking Remotely
News
Careers
Reports
Bylaws
Community Giving
Contact Us
Covid-19 Resources
800.800.4865
Contact
Locations
PRIVACY NOTICE
Your Privacy is Important to Us
Our privacy notice only addresses our activities from our website. Other sites, including those to which we have provided links, may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed by our policy. We continue to monitor, review, and update the privacy measures and technology that we have in place to protect your information. Any questions or comments about this notice may be directed to privacy@agloan.com.
All links connecting you to external websites from our website are provided as a convenience to our visitors. American AgCredit is not responsible for the content, privacy or security of linked sites, including the use of cookies and the accuracy, completeness, suitability or reliability of the information provided on those external websites. We strongly suggest that you review the privacy and security policies for each of the linked web sites you visit before supplying them with any personal information.
LEARN MORE
SECURITY MEASURES
How We Keep Your Information Confidential
At American AgCredit, we make protecting your privacy a top priority, and hold your financial and personal information in strict confidence. Our employees must comply with federal regulations that prohibit unauthorized use of your information. We do not sell your information to third parties. In addition, unless we are required by law, we do not provide your information to anyone (including your accountant or attorney) without your authorization.
LEARN MORE
LEGAL COMPLIANCE
American AgCredit is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and conducts its business in accordance with the following Federal Fair Lending and Equal Credit Opportunity Acts.
LEARN MORE
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY COMPLIANCE
This website is in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). The main goal of the COPPA and the rule is to protect the privacy of children using the Internet.
LEARN MORE
Top
IMPORTANT NOTICE
COVID RELIEF PROGRAMS FOR FARMERS
The Paycheck Protection Program is again accepting applications through August 8th, 2020.
View a list of Federal, State, and local relief programs available to farmers and ranchers, including the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP).
Learn More