http://www.madisonavenuecloseouts.com/about-our-company/privacy-policy.html
Loading...
Subscribe to Overstock Alerts!
HomeBlogOur Merchandise
Product Sources
Product Guarantee
About Us
FAQ
Contact
Sign in to Your Account
Sign in to Your Account
E-mail:
Password:
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Search:
- All categories -
Women's Clothing
Wholesale Pallet Program
Bed & Bath Boutique
The Men's Shop
Handbags and Shoes
NEW Arrivals
Advanced search
Cart is empty
Checkout
Email
Privacy Policy
Madison Avenue Closeouts is pleased to provide information to all of its customers about its online privacy policy. Please be assured that Madison Avenue Closeouts uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this web site.
Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
Madison Avenue Closeouts only gathers personal information, such as, first and last names, street addresses and email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you. Personal information will be collected from you only in order to distribute information you request.
With your permission, we will use personal information collected from you to send you information, such as the Madison Avenue Closeouts online newsletter. If you do not elect to receive such material, we will not send it to you.
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by Madison Avenue Closeouts to perform a variety of functions, such as, providing technical services for our web sites, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, Madison Avenue Closeouts does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties.
Madison Avenue Closeouts reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us online. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below.
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, organicplanthealthcare.com uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies and any information not operated by Madison Avenue Closeouts. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of May 11, 2009. From time to time, it may be necessary for Madison Avenue Closeouts to change this privacy policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version here, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Madison Avenue Closeoutssales@madisonavenuecloseouts.com
704-496-9678
Overstock Catalog
Women's Clothing
Wholesale Pallet Program
Bed & Bath Boutique
The Men's Shop
Handbags and Shoes
NEW Arrivals
My Account
Sign in to Your Account / Register
Orders
Buy Now - Pay Later!
Need Help or Just Have Questions?
Our friendly Customer Service Team is always ready to help you! Email anytime.
Call Us: 704-496-9678
Email: Sales@MadisonAvenueCloseouts.com
Subscribe to Overstock Alerts!
Shop With Confidence
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Copyright © 2002-2020 Madison Avenue Closeouts.