http://www.jasperconran.com/legal-and-privacy-policy
Legal and Privacy Policy
ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS WEBSITE: While Jasper Conran Limited has taken all reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information on the pages of this site it can accept no legal liability in respect of any inaccuracy or incompleteness in such information.
Jasper Conran Limited is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced or linked to.
PRIVACY POLICY:
The only personal data stored by Jasper Conran Limited are email addresses of newsletter subscribers. By subscribing to the newsletter, subscribers have given permission to be contacted with marketing information via email only in relation to Jasper Conran Limited.
Any email addresses submitted are not shared with third parties.
We do not have access to the IP address of newsletter subscribers or users of the site.
Analytics cookies - In order to keep the website relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, web analytics services are used to help understand how people use the site.
Cookies allow web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and, for example, identify whether you have visited our website before, what you have previously viewed or clicked on, and how you found the website. The information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes, and it helps to analyse patterns of user activity and to develop a better user experience.
Web analytics data and cookies cannot be used to identify you – they do not contain personal information such as your name or email address.
Third party websites - Links to third party websites from jasperconran.com are owned and operated independently and may collect information about you. This privacy policy does not cover the information practices of those third-party websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies.
Social Media Buttons - Jasperconran.com includes social media buttons to Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media buttons are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
If you have any further enquiries regarding our privacy policy please contact info@jasperconran.com
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY: With respect to documents or files available from this server, neither Jasper Conran Limited nor any of its employees make any warranty, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for particular purpose, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.
COPYRIGHT STATUS: Unless otherwise stated, all intellectual property rights in all material on this site are owned by Jasper Conran and used by Jasper Conran Limited under licence from Jasper Conran. Use of documents and related graphics on this site is for information and/or personal use only. Any copies of these pages saved to disk or to any other storage medium may only be used for subsequent viewing purposes or to print extracts for personal use. No documents or related graphics on this site are to be modified in any way. Images on this site are not to be used separately from the accompanying text. No part of this site may be reproduced or stored in any other website or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service without Jasper Conran Limited's prior written permission. No use or display may be made of the names or logos of Jasper Conran Limited, without Jasper Conran Limited's prior written permission.
Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved.
The full name of our company is Jasper Conran Limited, registed in England and Wales under registration number 01331470. Our registered address is 1-7 Rostrevor Mews, London, SW6 5AZ.