http://www.karrass.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Toggle navigation
VIRTUAL SEMINARS
About KARRASS Combined Shape
Why KARRASS?
Who Attends
Seminars
Discounts
SEMINARS
Train Your Team
Testimonials
Contact
Find a seminar
EN
Combined Shape
ES
Account
Privacy policy
Last updated: 7/1/2017
This privacy statement, also referred to as Karrass.com's Privacy Policy, explains our privacy practices for our customers who use our website to register for one or more seminars.
Personal Information
What is Personal Information? Personal information is information that identifies an individual or is directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a customer's name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, or information about activities which can be directly linked to that person, such as his or her purchases.
Use of Personal Information by Karrass.com. The personal information we collect is generally used to process your requests or transactions, and provide you with high-quality service.
Sharing of Personal Information. We do not sell, rent, share, or disclose personal information to third parties – except to the merchant account in order to process your order.
Other Disclosures. In addition, we may disclose personal information that is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process or authorities, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Karrass.com, our customers, our employees, or the public. Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition.
Protection of Personal Information. We have put into place security measures in an effort to protect personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration while it is under our control. Personal information we collect is stored electronically. We use technical, contractual, administrative, and physical measures in an effort to protect against unauthorized access. KARRASS does not retain credit card information.
Further, when you enter personal information online, that information is encrypted using a security protocol called SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). SSL encrypts all information entered on our site before it is sent over the Internet.
Online Specifics
What Are Cookies and Are You Required to Accept Them? Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer. At Karrass.com, we use cookies to help optimize your shopping experience. For example, we use cookies to allow you to return to your registration session without loss of data for a period of time. We do not store in cookies any personal information about you.
While cookies are optional for seminar registration, they are required if you wish to return during the session period and not lose your cart data.
Use of the Karrass.com Website by Children. We encourage parents to take an active interest in their children's use of the Internet. We do not intend to collect information from children who are under 18 years of age. If you are under 18, you should not provide information on the Karrass.com website and should ask your parent to do so for you.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, or if you would like to CONTACT US for any reason, you can do the following:
CONTACT US
Changes to this Statement
We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the privacy statement the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how information you provide will be used.