https://www.bannistersfarm.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Our potatoesCateringAbout the farmBlogFAQsContact
Privacy Notice
We respect the privacy of every person who visits or registers with www.bannistersfarm.co.uk (the “Site”) and uses the services made available by us from the Site (the “Service”) and we are committed to ensuring a safe online experience.
Purpose of this notice
This privacy notice explains our approach to any personal information that you might supply to us (or that might be collected from you) in connection with your use of the Service and sets out your rights in respect of our processing of your personal information.
This privacy notice will inform you how you can verify which of your personal information is collected by us through the Service and how you can request that we delete, update or transfer it.
This privacy notice is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using the Service. Please take a moment to read and understand it. Please note that it should be read in conjunction with our Website Terms of Use.
Please also note that this privacy notice only applies to the use of personal information collected by us from your use of the Service or during your communications with us. It does not apply to personal information collected during your communications with third parties.
Who are we and what do we do?
The Service is operated by Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited, (“we” “us” or “our”).
Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited is the data controller responsible for your personal information and is registered at the UK Information Commissioner’s Office with registration number: ZA028023
Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited is an English company with registered company number: 01894079 and whose principal address is Lancaster Road, Carnaby Industrial Estate, Carnaby, Bridlington, East Yorkshire, YO15 3QY Our VAT number is 433 5306 74.
How to contact us?
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or want to exercise your rights, please contact us by:
sending an e-mail to thefarmer@bannistersfarm.co.uk; or
calling us on: +44 (0)1262 605650.
What personal information do we collect and how do we collect it?
Personal information may be collected from you in the following ways:
Information you voluntarily provide to us.
We collect and maintain personal information that you voluntarily submit to us during your use of the Service (e.g. when contacting us and during the course of e-mail exchanges with us).
Information we collect through your use of the Service.
Through our use of cookies, log files and other technologies, we may collect personal information regarding your mobile device or the computer hardware and software used to access the Service. This may include the following:
We collect the following information:
an IP address to monitor site traffic and volume;
a session ID to track usage statistics on our site;
information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, buying habits, experiences with our products and contact preferences in order to provide you with further correspondence about our products and services.IP address of device(s) used;
This personal information allows us to deliver more helpful information, services and tools. Please see our Cookie Policy for further information.
How do we use your personal information?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to (i) verify your identity, (ii) help us improve our products and services and develop and market new products and services, (iii) carry out requests made by you on the Site, (iv) investigate or settle enquiries or disputes, (v) comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, or the requirements of a regulator, (vi) enforce our agreements with you, (vii) protect the rights, property or safety of us or third parties, including other users of the Site, (viii) provide support and security for the Service, and (ix) use as otherwise required or permitted by law. In particular, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
Provision of the Service.
We use this information to communicate with you and to carry out actions you request on the Site, such as requests for support, and to track the transactions that are performed.
What is our legal basis?
It is necessary for us to use your personal information to provide the Service to you and perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you. It is also in our legitimate interest to use your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best service we can to you.
Information Requests and Feedback.
Our Service contains various user interfaces to allow visitors to request more information about our products and services, to use the functionalities of the Site, or to provide us with feedback about them. Contact information may be requested in each case, along with information about your computing environment and/or industry, and details of your request or reported feedback. This information is used in order to allow us to respond to your requests, to assure that our software and services work correctly.
What is our legal basis?
It is in our legitimate business interests to respond to any requests you make to us or use the information you provide to us in your feedback in order to improve our products and services.
Profiling
We may use your information for customer profiling to ensure that we market the most suitable products and services to you and our other users.
What is our legal basis?
It is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best service we can to you.
Service administration.
We may use your personal information to:
develop and improve the Service;
send you administrative e-mails about the Service; and
contact you to answer any queries you may have.
What is our legal basis?
It is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best service we can to you.
User Data Analysis.
Our web pages and e-mails may contain “cookies” “web beacons” or “pixel tags.” (“Tags”). Tags allow us to track receipt of an e-mail to you, to count users that have visited a web page or opened an e-mail and collect other types of aggregate information. By using this information, we are able to measure the effectiveness of our content and how visitors use our Site. This allows us to learn what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which parts of our Site is the most interesting and what kind of offers our registered users like to see. Once you click on an e-mail that contains a Tag, your contact information may subsequently be cross-referenced to the source e-mail and the relevant Tag.
In some of our e-mail messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to certain websites administered by us or on our behalf. We may track click-through data to assist in determining interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of these communications.
What is our legal basis?
Where your personal information is completely anonymised, we do not require a legal basis as the information will no longer constitute personal information. However where your personal information is not in an anonymous form, it is in our legitimate interest to continually evaluate that personal information to ensure that the products and services we provide are relevant to the market.
Internal record keeping and legal compliance.
We may use your personal information for internal record keeping purposes and to check you comply with the Site and Website Terms of Use.
What is our legal basis?
It is in our legitimate interest to ensure that we keep our records up-to-date in order to monitor who uses the Service, to comply with our legal obligations and to monitor your compliance with the relevant Terms of Use.
Marketing by us.
Competitions may appear on the Site or, where we need your consent to do so and you have consented, they may be sent to you via e-mail. Where you volunteer to participate, we may collect personal information from you as part of the competition. This information will be used to administer the survey, to analyse its results and for other specific purposes, which are disclosed at the time of collection. Survey responses will be aggregated and depersonalised before survey results are shared with any third parties.
What is our legal basis?
By participating in competitions we rely on your consent to use the personal information we collect as part of such survey.
Sharing information with third parties.
We will share your personal information collected on the Site with third parties as necessary or appropriate to (i) carry out the activity or request made by you on the Site, (ii) comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, or the requirements of a regulator, (iii) enforce our agreements with you, (iv) protect the rights, property or safety of us or third parties, including other users of the Site, (v) perform investigative security analysis on the Site, (vi) to host our Site and to assist us with our marketing activities, or (vii) as otherwise required or permitted by law.
What is our legal basis?
It is in our legitimate interest to share your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best service we can to you. Where we share your sensitive personal information, we shall be relying on your consent to do so.
Sharing information with professional advisors & potential purchasers.
We may share your personal information with professional advisers or regulatory authorities:
to enable them to process your personal information on our behalf in a manner consistent with this privacy notice;
to comply with our legal obligations;
to enforce our legal rights; or
protect rights of third parties.
Your personal information may also be shared with prospective buyers if we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
What is our legal basis?
It is in our legitimate interest to share your personal information with such third parties to enable them to process your information on our behalf, to comply with and/or enforce our legal rights and obligations, to protect the rights of third parties and to facilitate business transitions. Where we share your sensitive personal information, we shall be relying on your consent to do so.Any other purposes for which we wish to use your personal information will be notified to you either by updating our privacy notice or otherwise from time to time including the legal basis of such use.
How do we obtain your consent?
Where our use of your personal information requires your consent, you can provide such consent:
at the time we collect your personal information following the instructions provided; or
by informing us by e-mail, post or phone using the contact details set out in this privacy notice.
Use of cookies
Our Service uses certain cookies, pixels, beacons, log files and other technologies of which you should be aware. Please see our Cookie Policy to find out more about the cookies we use and how to manage and delete cookies.
Third Party Links and Services
Our Service contains links to third party websites and services. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or you request a service from a third party, this privacy notice no longer applies. For more information click here.Your browsing and interaction on any other website, or your dealings with any other third party service provider, is subject to that website’s or third party service provider’s own rules and policies.We do not monitor, control, or endorse the privacy practices of any third parties.We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of every website you visit or third party service provider that you deal with and to contact them if you have any questions about their respective privacy policies and practices.This privacy notice applies solely to personal information collected by us through our Service and does not apply to these third party websites and third party service providers.
Transfers outside the EEA
We do not transfer your personal information outside of the EEA.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
We do not keep your personal information for any specific period but we will not keep it for longer than is necessary for our purposes.In considering how long to keep it, we will take into account its relevance to our business and our legal and regulatory obligations.If your information is only useful for a short period e.g. for specific marketing campaigns we may delete it.
Confidentiality and security of your personal information
We are committed to keeping the personal information you provide to us secure and we will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration.
We have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access;
improper use or disclosure;
unauthorised modification; and
unlawful destruction or accidental loss.All our employees and data processors (i.e. those who process your personal information on our behalf, for the purposes listed above), who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the personal information of all users of the Service.
How to access your information and your other rights?
You have the following rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you:
Your right of access.
If you ask us, we’ll confirm whether we’re processing your personal information and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal information (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Your right to rectification.
If the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you’re entitled to have it rectified. If we’ve shared your personal information with others, we’ll let them know about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal information with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to erasure.
You can ask us to delete or remove your personal information in some circumstances such as where we no longer need it or you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If we’ve shared your personal information with others, we’ll let them know about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal information with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to restrict processing.
You can ask us to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that personal information or object to us processing it. It won’t stop us from storing your personal information though. We’ll tell you before we lift any restriction. If we’ve shared your personal information with others, we’ll let them know about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we’ll also tell you who we’ve shared your personal information with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to data portability.
With effect from 25 May 2018, you have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain personal information you’ve provided us with (in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format) and to reuse it elsewhere or ask us to transfer this to a third party of your choice.
Your right to object.
You can ask us to stop processing your personal information, and we will do so, if we’re:
relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interests to process your personal information except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing;
processing your personal information for direct marketing; or
processing your personal information for research unless such processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
Your rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it’s based on automatic processing, including profiling, and it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Your right to withdraw consent.
If we rely on your consent (or explicit consent) as our legal basis for processing your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we’ve handled your personal information, you can report it to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find details about how to do this on the ICO website at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Change to this privacy notice
We may make changes to this privacy notice from time to time.To ensure that you are always aware of how we use your personal information we will update this privacy notice from time to time to reflect any changes to our use of your personal information. We may also make changes as required to comply with changes in applicable law or regulatory requirements. We may notify you by e-mail of any significant changes. However, we encourage you to review this privacy notice periodically to be informed of how we use your personal information. Last updated 24th May 2018
Sign up for our newsletter
Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
By completing this form, you confirm you're 18 or older and don't mind us sending you email newsletters and offers, in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Don't worry – we'll never give anyone else your details without your express permission.
Jobs
Press
Good Causes
FAQs
T&Cs
Privacy Policy
Cookie policy
Contact
01262 605 650
thefarmer@bannistersfarm.co.uk
Bannisters Farm, Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited, Lancaster Road, Carnaby Ind. Est., East Riding of Yorkshire YO15 3QY
Registered in England & Wales Company No. 1894079
© 2020 Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited
Site by big fish©
We use cookies so you get the most out of our website. See here for more about the cookies we use and their purposes, and see here to update your settings at any time.