https://www.structure-flex.co.uk/cookie-policy
Air Lift Bags
Find Out More!
Toggle navigation
01263 863 100
Contact Us
Home
Product Areas
Commercial Transport
Digital Print
Bulk Packaging
Proof Test
Air Lift Bags
Mobildeich
About Us
Contact Us
Latest News
Special Projects
Testimonials
Job Opportunities
Cookie Policy for Structure-flex
This is the Cookie Policy for Structure-flex, accessible from www.structure-flex.co.uk
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.
For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; {List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: enquiries@structure-flex.co.uk
We're Proud To Supply
Twitter Feed
Tweets by @Structure_flex
Latest News
Cost-Effective Lorry Curtains for Clean Lines and Bold Designs
Structure-flex Help Broads’ Police Prevent Engine Thefts
Structure-flex Introduce Anglo-German Flood Defence
Structure-flex & Clarendon Offer Vehicle Operators ‘Wow-Factor’
Structure-flex & Clarendon Offer Vehicle Operators [...]
Special Projects
British Antarctic Survey Team Know Their Onions
At the beginning of the year a British Antarctic S [...]
Wananchi - Water Pure Enough to Drink
Water is such an essential element for life but it [...]
Revolutionary Goose Guards Help Broads Conservation
We've produced some PVC silt curtains thatar [...]
Spheres!
Making the Zorbs for Sphere Mania is an intric [...]
Contact Us
Please let us know how you found us
Google/Internet search engine
Recommendation
Product Label
Social Media
Trade Magazine / Editorial
Other
Send
Find Us
Structure-flex ltd
33 Holt Road
Cromer
Norfolk, NR27 9EB
Phone: 01263 863 100
Mail: enquiries@structure-flex.co.uk
Office Hours
Monday-Friday: 9am to 5pm
Saturday: Closed
Sunday: Closed
BSI Accreditations and Policies
QMS ISO 9001:2015
OHSAS ISO 45001:2018
Integrated Management System
Links
Commercial Transport
Tension Curtains
Smoothside
SlidaFlex
Rollover Sheets
Step Deck/Double Deck
Vehicle Wraps
Insulation
Security
Reflex
Poultry
Cab and Rear Door Graphics
Load Restraint Nets
Digital Print
Signage & Advertising
Banners
Internal Wall Wraps
Exhibitions & Events
Vehicle Graphics & Wraps
Building/Scaffold Wrap
Proof Test
Proof Load Testing
Lifeboat Testing
Gangway Testing
Open Top Tank
Moon Pool Test Bag
Bulk Packaging
Original Big Bag
Strap Bag
Ring Bag
Baffle Bag
System Eclipse
Pillow Tank
Open Top Tank
Downloads
Exhibition Catalogue
Lifeboat Test Bags
Original Big Bag
Proof Test Bags
Smoothside Curtains
System Eclipse
Tension Curtains
Policies
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy
Job Applicant Data Protection
Cookie Policy