http://www.catalinacylinders.com/terms/
sales@catalinacylinders.com
Catalina Cylinders | World Class Products. First Class Service.TM
0 Items
Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site.
Copyright
All content appearing on this Web site is the property of Catalina Cylinders Copyright © 2020. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2020 Catalina Cylinders. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by Catalina Cylinders. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Catalina Cylinders or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
Use Of Site
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Catalina Cylinders and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Catalina Cylinders believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Catalina Cylinders and its subsidiaries.
Privacy Policy
Catalina Cylinders use of personal information that you may submit to Catalina Cylinders through this Web site is governed by the Catalina Cylinders Privacy Policy.
Shop Hours
Customer service is available as defined on the Contact page of this Web site.
Miscellaneous
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED: Although the information on this Web site is accessible worldwide, not all products for services discussed in this Web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. Catalina Cylinders and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Web site is void where prohibited. GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of California shall apply and both parties consent to the jurisdiction of the state courts of San Diego, CA, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury. MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Catalina Cylinders with respect to this Web site. The Terms and Conditions supercede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and Catalina Cylinders with respect to this Web site. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by Catalina Cylinders. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
For any other information email info@catalinacylinders.com
Search for:
Latest News
DOT Notice of Enforcement Discretion Regarding Cylinders that have Exceeded their Periodic Requalification Test Date
April 9, 2020
Compressed Gas Association Safety Alert on Cleaning Returned Cylinders During A Pandemic
April 2, 2020
COVID-19 (2019 Novel Coronavirus Outbreak) – Notice of Continued Business Operations
February 28, 2020
Visit Catalina Cylinder’s Booth at FIME 2019
June 24, 2019
Catalina Cylinders Donates SCUBA Cylinder To
WIES–CCD’s 38th Annual Avalon Harbor Underwater Cleanup
April 23, 2019
Upcoming Events
Tag Cloud2018
aluminum cylinders
avalon harbor underwater cleanup
brazil
business operations
business view magazine
california
carbon fiber
catalina
Catalina Composites
Catalina Cylinders
Catalina Island
composite
composite gas cylinders
compressed gas
cusomizable
custom
customized cylinders
cylinder cleaning
cylinders
diving
donation
expo center norte
fime
fime show
florida international medical expo
gas
gaslive
gasworld
Go Dive Now
Go Dive Now Pool Tour
hospitalar
Interview
lightweight
media
medical cylinders
medical trade fair
press
sao paulo
Save the Sea
scuba
SCUBA Cylinders
type 3
Type 3 cylinders
Underwater Cleanup
Product MarketsPortable Calibration Gas
Beverage
Composite Cylinders
Fire Extinguisher
Impact Extrusions
Medical
Nitrous Oxide
SCUBA
Specialty & Industrial Gas
1