https://www.kottgroup.com/privacy-statement-and-terms-and-conditions/
KOTT GROUP PRIVACY STATEMENT AND TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for KOTT Group’s website (www.kottgroup.com ). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or through our online form. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via info@kottgroup.com or 613.838.2775:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We do not collect sensitive information such as credit card data via our website. We take precautions to protect your contact information. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 613.838.2775 or via email at info@kottgroup.com.
2. DISCLAIMER KOTT
Group tries to ensure the accuracy and comprehensiveness of the information presented on this web site. However, we cannot guarantee that the information presented is accurate, free of errors or complete.
KOTT Group will not be liable to any user or person for any inaccuracy, error or omission or loss resulting from reliance on information contained on this web site, and will not be liable for any damages (whether direct or indirect, for economic loss, consequential, punitive, aggravated, exemplary, general or special) resulting from the use of any information on this web site.
3. COPYRIGHT CONSIDERATIONS
All text and graphic content on this site, its organization and presentation, and our organization and domain name are our property, and are therefore copyrighted by us. The materials on this site may not be copied, reproduced, posted, or republished in any way. They may be downloaded, displayed, or printed by the user for non-commercial and lawful personal use only. Otherwise, the republication or use of these materials on any other website without prior written consent from us is prohibited, and all rights are reserved.
4. TRADEMARKS
Any names of actual companies and products mentioned within the site may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Wettbewerbsverbot kooperationsvertrag Muster Wüstenrot bausparvertrag dauer Verwertung Vertragliches pfandrecht Vertrag seminar Vertrag injoy kündigen Unbefristet Vertrag kündigung Telekom.de handyvertrag kündigen Telefon Muster knacken Tarifvertrag versicherungsaußendienst Tarifvertrag maler und lackierer angestellte Tarifvertrag ig metall bayern weihnachtsgeld Tarifvertrag für zfa Tarifvertrag diakonie ausbildung Tarifvertrag baugewerbe 2018 pdf Tarifvertrag ärzte diakonie nrw Tabellarischer lebenslauf Muster lehramt Stromvertrag kündigen umzug eon Stellenbeschreibung reinigungskraft Muster kostenlos Sonderurlaub Vertragsbedienstete wien Sky go Vertragsbedingungen