https://www.justinherald.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions | Justin Herald
02 9836 2080
justin@justinherald.com
Shop
Login
0 Items
Home
About
Media Photos
Speaking
Products
Mentoring
Online Program
Contact
Select Page
Terms and Conditions
Please read these conditions carefully before using the Justinherald.com site. By using the Justinherald.com site, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. In addition, when you use any current or future Justinherald.com service, you will also be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to that service.
All content included on this site including but not limited to images, illustrations, designs, text, photographs, logos, button icons, video clips, written and other materials that appear as part of this site are copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual properties is the property of Justinherald.com and its affiliates. No part of this site may be reproduced in any form whether electronically or otherwise without written consent of Justinherald.com.
You understand and agree with the privacy policy. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices. You guarantee that all the information you provide us is true and correct. To update any changes to the information that you provided when registering, you can access and update in Your Account area of the website. It is your responsibility to keep your login confidential. We shall not be liable for losses incurred by you as a result of you disclosing such confidential information to any third parties.
When you submit an order to Justinherald.com over the internet you are offering to purchase from Justinherald.com those items set out in your order.
All prices shown on the Justinherald.com website are in Australian Dollars, and subject to change without notice and include Goods and Services Tax (GST) and all other taxes where appropriate.
Orders can be placed by telephone, fax, mail and via our website. Orders by telephone can be made from Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm Australia Eastern Standard Time. Orders online or by email 24 hours
Payments may be made by credit card. No goods will be dispatched without full payment being received.
Products are not returnable or replaceable unless they are faulty. Faulty goods will be replaced or a refund given. Change of mind for an event or product is not grounds for a refund.
Justinherald.com makes no warranty of its products with respect to incidental, consequential or other damages.
All errors and omissions excepted.
Justinherald.com reserve the right to cancel orders it believes are fraudulent.
Amendments to orders can be made by Justinherald.com with the express permission of the customer. Submission by email and telephone is considered to be a valid form of communication for this authorization.
Justinherald.com reserves the right to adjust process at any time and without prior notice before any order has been submitted.
Dispatch and delivery dates are provided as a guide only. Justinherald.com cannot accept responsibility for any late deliveries due to circumstances beyond our control.
Our website will process orders immediately. For items that can be downloaded you will be sent notification immediately. All others items will usually be shipped within 3 to 5 working days. A re-delivery charge will apply if the recipient is unavailable for receipt of delivery or if there has been an incorrect delivery address given, the recipient is unavailable for receipt of delivery or if there is not a safe place to leave the consignment.
If you are unsatisfied with our goods in relation to any guarantees, please contact us at justinherald@redd.com.au. Any alleged discrepancy in relation to anything purchased from Justinherald.com must be notified to Customer Service within 24 hours of delivery. Justinherald.com will investigate such discrepancies but reserves the right to be the final arbiter in the event of any dispute.
About Us With success behind him and more challenges in front of him, Justin Herald wants nothing more than to help others achieve greater heights within their own businesses and personal lives. Justin's corporate and motivational speaking allows him to share his past experiences and to motivate, inspire and excite.
Recent Posts
Focus, Focus, Focus
Justin’s Other Businesses
Justin’s Products In addition to the success of Attitude Gear®, Justin has produced his own products. Justin first released his business/motivational book in April 2003. Within 3 weeks "Would you like Attitude with that?" hit the bestsellers list. Justin's much anticipated sequel, "So what are you waiting for?", was released in May 2004 with an overwhelming response.
Contact Details
Major Motivation
PO Box 6741
Baulkham Hills
NSW 2153
For All Product & Order Enquiries, please call:
Phone: 02 9836 2080
For Speaking Enquiries please
contact Justin direct
on (02) 9836 2080
Home
About Justin
Speaking
All Products
Mentoring Programs
Media Photos
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Facebook
Twitter
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress