https://www.serdi.co.uk/service/privacy-policy/
Categories
Serdi
UltraTecno
Engine Components
Valve Guides
Pistons & Bearings
Valve Seat Inserts
Workshop Equipment
Honing
Brands
Dura-Bond
Glyco
GOETZE
HH
Machines Serdi
MAHLE
REGIS
All brands
Privacy policy
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy and cookies policy
Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and customers; in this policy we explain how we will handle your personal data.
1.2    By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
How we use your personal data
2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services
2.3    We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business
2.4    We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business
2.5    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding products and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant products and/or services to you The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.6    We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
2.7    We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent
2.8    We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.9    We may process any of your personal data identified in the other provisions of this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.10  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Providing your personal data to others
3.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
3.2    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining and maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice and managing legal disputes.
3.3    We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party's use of your personal data.
3.4    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Retaining and deleting personal data
4.1    This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
4.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
4.3    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 4 we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
5.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
5.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
Your rights
6.1    You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)    the payment of a fee currently fixed at GBP 10; and
(b)    the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
6.2    We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
6.3    You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
6.4    In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
7.1    Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
7.2    We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Personal data of children
8.1    Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18
8.2    If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
Updating information
9.1    Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
About cookies
10.1  A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
10.2  Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
10.3  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
11.1  We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)    authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website
(b)   status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website
(c)    shopping cart - we use cookies to maintain the state of your shopping cart as you navigate our website
(d)   personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you
(e)   security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally
(f)   advertising - we use cookies [to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you
(g)   analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and service
(h)   cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
Cookies used by our service providers
12.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
12.2  We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
Managing cookies
13.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)    https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)    http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)    https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)    https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
13.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
13.3  If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
14.1  This website is owned and operated by Serdi UK Ltd
14.2  We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 2123669 and our registered office is at Unit 1 Sarum Complex, Salisbury Road, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2RZ.
14.3  Our principal place of business is at Unit 1 Sarum Complex, Salisbury Road, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2RZ.
14.4  You can contact us:
(a)    by post, using the postal address given above;
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone, on 01895-232215
(d)    by email, using [email protected]
Powered by
Lightspeed