http://www.airlivery.com/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Home
About us
Services
Gallery
Contact us
Login to Satys Air Livery IMS
Sales Enquiries
Send
Terms and Conditions
Home /
Terms and Conditions
Air Livery Website Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
This website is operated by Air Livery Limited ("we"/ "us"/ "our"). We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 02641437 and our registered office is at Southern House, Liberator Road, Norwich International Airport, Norwich, NR6 6EU.
To contact us, please email [info@airlivery.com for general enquiries or sales@airlivery.com in relation to sales] [or telephone our customer service line on [01603 415 612]].
Acceptance of these terms
These terms set out the rules for using our website, www.airlivery.com (the "Site"). By using this Site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these rules you must not use this Site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Applicable policies
The terms of the Privacy Policy are also applicable to your use of the Site and are deemed to be accepted by you. The Privacy Policy sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using the Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Variation
We may amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use the Site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
We may update and change the Site from time to time, for example, to reflect relevant changes to the services provided, the needs of the users or our business priorities.
Suspension or withdrawal of the Site
The Site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that the Site, or any content on it, will always be available or that use will be uninterrupted. We may, at any time, suspend, withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of the Site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension, withdrawal or restriction of service of the Site.
Non-reliance
All information, material and other content on the Site is provided for general information only. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the Site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the Site is accurate, complete or up to date.
Confidential details
Some areas of the Site may require you to log in before you can access them. If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of security procedures in relation to your use of the Site, you must treat such information as confidential and must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
Permitted use of the Site and materials
Any use of the Site that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site is prohibited.
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
In all circumstances where material from the Site may be used elsewhere in any form, our status (and the status of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on the Site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on the Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or the relevant licensors in advance.
If you print, copy or download any part of or material from the Site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use the Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you may have made.
Prohibited Uses
As a condition of your use of the Site, you undertake to us that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited under these terms. You may not use the Site:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international laws.
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm any third party in any way.
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with these terms.
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising and promotional material or any other form of solicitation (spam).
in any way which is prohibited elsewhere under these terms.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that the Site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, devices, computer programmes and platform to access the Site. It is your responsibility to ensure that the device on which you access the Site is equipped with adequate virus protection software.
You must not misuse the Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Site, the server on which the Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Site. You must not attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Site will cease immediately.
Links to third party websites
Where the Site contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. We provide any links only by way of convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us of the third party website or resource or any association with its operators. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
Using links to the Site
You may link to our home page, provided we have given our express permission for you to do so and provided that you use the link in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage or take advantage of our reputation.
You must not establish a link to the Site in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to the Site in any website that is not owned by you. The Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on the Site other than that set out above, please contact us using the details at the beginning of these terms.
Limitation of Liability
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to the Site or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
your use of, or inability to use, the Site; or
your use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Trade Marks
Trade mark number 005939848 is a trade mark of Air Livery Limited. You are not permitted to use this mark without our approval, unless it is part of material you are using as permitted under these terms.
See map
Company
Home
Company
News
Contact us
Client Base & Feedback
Health & Safety
Services
Executive
Military
Engineering Support
Graphic Design
Facilities
Commercial
Learn
Testimonials
Media
Air Livery Ltd Integrated Management System
Get in touch
Southern House, Liberator Road, Norwich International Airport, Norwich, Norfolk NR6 6EU
Telephone: +44 (0) 1603415612
Email: info@airlivery.com
Whether you require regular painting maintenance for your fleet or a complete nose to tail livery change, Satys Air Livery will guarantee total commitment to meet and exceed your requirements
Get our latest news updates
Copyright © 2020, Satys Air Livery. All right reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Policies
Web Development by Go Live UK
Cookie settings
Your cookie settings
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to make our website easier for you to use. You can remove any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may prevent you from using parts of our website.
Use the slider below to see the different types of cookies you can choose to allow.
Drag the slider across to change your cookie settings
Strictly Necessary
Functional
Statistics
Functional
Statistics
Strictly Necessary
Functional
Statistics
This website will:
This website will not:
Cancel
Save and Close
Find out more about Cookies
For your new settings to take effect, this page will automatically refresh when you click 'Save and close'.
Privacy Policy
We have placed cookies on your device to enhance your browsing experience. We are collecting cookies for marketing purposes. To allow all cookies click OK. Otherwise you can use this tool to manage.
OK
Manage