http://www.sri.org.au/about-us/#conditions
Skip to content
About us
Home/About us
About usadmin2020-05-26T01:49:15+10:00
About Sugar Research Institute (SRI)Australia’s Sugar Research Institute (SRI) offers global expertise in sugar milling and refining technology. We draw upon 69 years of sugar-specific experience to solve the technical and operational issues of cane sugar processing.
SRI’s understanding of the science of sugar processing helps sugar mills and refineries worldwide to maximise sugar recovery, and to deliver best practice in process efficiency and plant design.
Established in 1949, SRI operates on a “not-for-profit” basis and is owned and supported by Australia’s sugar milling industry. Our focus is to offer our clients and owners a competitive advantage based on technical and operational excellence.  This excellence arises from our unmatched understanding and application of the science of sugar processing.
SRI’s commercial services include:
Technical Consulting
SRI’s wide range of defined and bespoke consulting, advisory and analytical services provide sugar clients worldwide with specialised advice, whether for an existing factory, a new factory or an investment analysis.
Equipment Designs
SRI’s major equipment designs solve real operational issues with sugar processing technologies. SRI’s designs are based on extensive scientific research, field testing and continuous improvement programs.
Instrumentation and Software
SRI’s range of instrumentation, automation and software products improve sugar output, reduce sugar losses and minimise production costs.
Training Services
SRI’s high quality specialist sugar industry training services provide underpinning knowledge to factory operators, supervisors and managers for improving mill performance and operational efficiency.
Contact UsSugar Research Institute
Phone: +61 7 3231 5088
Email: info@sri.org.au
Postal address:
PO Box 15758
City East, Queensland 4002 Australia
SRI Global Affiliates, Specialist Partners and Resellers
Our CapabilitiesSRI: the science of sugar manufacturing
What do we offer?
Our client focus
Our TeamSRI Global Affiliates, Specialist Partners and ResellersOur network of global affiliates, specialist partners and resellers specify and deliver SRI’s range of designs, instrumentation products and access to specialist consulting services to international clients.
Our partners provide a range of services for the sugar producers including project management, engineering, procurement, manufacturing, equipment distribution and installation.
Conditions of Sale
At SRI, our Conditions of Sale have been created to cover all our products and services offered in Australia and overseas. These are part of every Proposal and project we deliver. However, SRI will negotiate alterations and additions that better reflect the realities of the diverse work we do. We also advise that in the event of a conflict between an official SRI Proposal and these Conditions of Sale, the terms of the Proposal take precedence.
Download SRI Conditions of Sale July 2017
Charitable Purpose
SRI is a not-for-profit organisation and operates under purview of the Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission. In accordance with ACNC’s “Governance standard 1: Not-for-profit and working towards charitable purpose”, we provide the following extract of our Memorandum of Association. This extract details SRI’s charitable purpose and what we do to fulfil that purpose.
Download SRL Memorandum of Association (Extract) – May 1995
Sugar Research Limited’s listing on ACNC website
EmploymentSRI does not have any positions vacant at this time.
For employment at an Australian sugar mill or refinery please visit the links page here.
Terms of AccessThe following are terms of a legal agreement between any user (“you” or “User”) of this Website (sri.org.au) and/or Database (library.sri.org.au), and SRI Operations Queensland trading as Sugar Research Institute. Read the Terms of Access for the SRI Website and Database here.
PrivacySRI’s privacy policy and disclaimer relates to how SRI respects your privacy including personal information and security.
Links
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
SRI
Go to Top