http://www.mountain-equipment.co.uk/pages/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Opening Hours:
Please note the business will be closed from the 23rd December to 4th January 2021.
Conditions of Supply
Please read these conditions carefully before ordering any goods or services from us. You should understand that by ordering any goods or services from us online you agree to be bound by these conditions.
You should print a copy of these terms and conditions for your future reference.
Introduction
All information received by us from your use of this site will be collected and used in accordance with our privacy policy. You can contact us by telephone on 0161 3665020 or by e-mail at info@mountain-equipment.co.uk.
Our office hours are 9am – 5:30pm (Mon-Thurs) and 9am – 4:15pm on Fridays after which a voice-mail service will be in operation.
Your Status
By placing an order through our site you warrant that you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts; you are at least 18 years old; and you are resident in the UK mainland, Northern Ireland or Ireland or that you will provide us with complete contact details.
Our Status
Please note that when we accept orders the resulting legal contract is between you and Outdoor and Sports Company Ltd trading as Mountain Equipment and is subject to any other terms and conditions as listed.
All orders are subject to acceptance by us and we will confirm such acceptance to you by on-line electronic means or verbally for any telephone orders (the "Confirmation").
Prices and Payment
The prices for any goods or services ordered from us through this site (the "Products") will be as quoted on our site, except in the case of obvious errors. These prices include VAT (the UK mainland and Northern Ireland only), unless these are otherwise itemised. Prices are liable to change at any time, but any changes will not affect orders already placed and confirmed. Payment must be by credit or debit card. We accept payment with MasterCard, Visa and Debit Cards.
Fulfilment and delivery
Your order will be fulfilled by us by any fulfilment date set out in the Confirmation. If you are ordering more than one product, you should be aware that products may be delivered separately.
Cancellation, Return and Refund Policy
You have the right to cancel any order with us for up to 30 days after the day following the delivery of your goods. It remains your responsibility to return any such items to us in a new and un-unused condition with all their swing-tickets attached and in their original box and/or packaging. Details of how you can cancel your order will be confirmed to you in the confirmation.
Please also take care when trying on any new item as we cannot accept returns that have been damaged, soiled or show signs of wear e.g. deodorant marks. We reserve the right not to refund or deduct an appropriate amount from the original purchase price in such circumstances.
You are responsible for the return of the goods. Refunds and replacements will only be issued on the return of the goods. We will cover the cost of sending replacements back to you.
If you receive a faulty Product, you should contact us within 30 days of receipt of goods, and we will refund your costs for the Product and postage for returning the Product.
This cancellation, returns and refund policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Security
To ensure the security of your transaction, we use Shopifypay (Stripe) to ensure maximum security of your personal information. This means that on any page of the website where you enter personal information such as credit card details, the information sent to us is encrypted to safeguard your details. (Encryption prevents other Internet users from accessing this information.)
We only accept orders that are placed using this technology.
You can check that you are shopping in a secure environment by looking for either a locked padlock icon (Internet Explorer, Firefox) or an image of a key (Netscape) in the grey bar at the bottom of your screen. (This will only appear on pages where you enter personal information, such as credit card details.)
Amendments
We may amend these terms and conditions from time to time by posting revised terms and conditions on the site, which shall apply to all orders placed after such date.
Notices
All notices shall be given by e-mail to Outdoor and Sports Company Ltd trading as Mountain Equipment to info@mountain-equipment.co.uk or, to you, at either the e-mail or postal address you provide during the registration process. Notice will be deemed received 24 hours after e-mail is sent or 3 days after the date of posting.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Contracts for the purchase of Products through this site will be governed by English Law. Any dispute arising from or related to such contracts shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Our Liability and Disclaimer
Our liability in connection with any Product(s) is strictly limited to the purchase price of such product or service. This does not exclude or limit in any way our liability for fraud, or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or any other liability to the extent that it may not be excluded or limited as a matter of law.
We further accept no liability for any indirect or consequential loss or damage, or for any loss of data, profit, revenue or business, however caused, even if foreseeable.
No employees, administrators, designers or other representatives of this site will be liable for any damages. No liability will arise under any circumstances whether in contract, tort or otherwise for any consequential or incidental or indirect loss, damage, injury, cost or expense howsoever caused – including however caused (without limitation) loss of profit, loss of contracts, business interruptions, loss of or corruption to data, loss of any use of equipment or process suffered or incurred.