http://www.wood-me.com/privacy-policy
Forgot your password?
Post new ad
Advanced Search
Advanced Search
Companies
Trade Board (ads)
Advertising
Registration
Member Area
About us
Privacy policy
COMMITMENT TO USER PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by:
UAB "B2B LT"
K. Petrausko g. 26-217, LT-44156 Kaunas, Lithuania
Phone: +370 693 03603
E-mail: info[eta]wood-me.com
https://www.b2b.lt/
Hereafter https://www.wood-me.com is called wood-me.com
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At wood-me.com, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
INFORMATION WOOD-ME.COM GATHERS AND USES
Wood-me.com gathers 3 types of information about users:
1. Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions and forms.
These are voluntary submissions and forms, where user is asked to fill in certain fields and provide other individual information. In case of information gathered through forms dedicated to send a message to other companies or group of companies, wood-me.com sends all information provided in that form by user to that designated company or group of companies. Wood-me.com may use the information provided in any of the forms for marketing wood-me.com's services. We also may use this information to classify and amend your company profile. This enables us, to understand better the nature of your business and to dedicate individual service components to your business. Though currently not intended, this processed information could become in future subject to resale to other business directories, web catalogues, wood industry association or other organizations, which are strictly related to the wood-industry. If you want to be excluded from this list you have to contact us by e-mail - info@wood-me.com. All user names and passwords of individual users are unavailable for other third parties for any reasons.
2. Information wood-me.com gathers through aggregated tracking.
This is a statistical information and allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Under no circumstances does wood-me.com divulge any information about an individual user to a third party. We do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Wood-me.com does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string.
Wood-me.com sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
3. Cookies
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Wood-me.com uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate in trade board, login to your company profile and use all of services accessible from there.
SECURITY
All information gathered about our users is stored as securely as possible. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users options wherever necessary and practical.
OTHER
Wood-me.com will supply information about user if it is ordered by legal authorities for the purpose of legal investigation.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by wood-me.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.