http://www.anchorsb.com/resource-center/security-and-privacy
Security and Privacy
Privacy
What does 1st Security Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. The information can include:
Social Security Number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customer’s personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customer’s personal information; the reasons 1st Security Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does 1st Security Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
Not applicable
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
No
Not applicable
For our affiliates to market to you
No
Not applicable
Questions?
Contact your local branch.
Who is providing this notice?
1st Security Bank of Washington
How does 1st Security Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does 1st Security Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your credit worthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates: Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Non affiliates: Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Joint marketing: A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Security
We use a layered-security approach of physical, technical, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect and limit access to personal information. Any collected electronic information is stored securely and backed up to multiple locations daily. We apply device hardening standards to all 1st Security Bank computers and utilize security tools to detect, report, and prevent malicious activity.
Please note that information you send to us electronically may not be secure when it’s transmitted to us from your device. We recommend that you do not use unsecure channels (email, fax, etc.) to communicate sensitive or confidential information (Social Security number, Tax ID Numbers, etc.) to us. If you have questions about how to transmit information to us securely, please reach out to (800) 683-0973 and we can assist you with transmitting your information securely.
Data Communications Security
Our websites are secured using digital certificates that provide industry-standard encryption. When you connect to our website, a Transport Layer Security (TLS) encrypted tunnel is established to safeguard the information you transmit to our website from eavesdropping and interception. We only support browsers that can provide industry-accepted encryption protocols.
Please note that the security measures 1st Security Bank employs are only half of the equation when it comes to securing your data. Your computer's web browser communicates with our websites and systems. We are unable to control the security of your personal device. It's your responsibility to use up-to-date software; to only browse from trusted networks; to practice good password habits; and to enable security features such as anti-virus.