http://www.derivicom.com/Company/privacypolicy.aspx
Home > Company > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respects your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may
collect, and how we might use this information. This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy. By accessing or using the our Web site, you agree to the terms of
our Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. Personal Information Collection We only will
collect personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our website or e-mail
correspondence. When you engage in certain activities on this site, such as downloading software or ordering a product, we may ask that you provide certain personal information via the
submission of an online form. This activity is completely optional. If you choose to engage in these activities, however, we may require you to provide certain information about yourself, such
as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number. When ordering a product through the web site, you may be required to provide a valid credit card number. We will collect general
information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve our Web site and better meet your
needs.Use of Information Collected Before we collect any personally identifiable information, we will provide an explanation for the possible use of your data. The information you
supply will be used by us to respond to your inquiries, supply you with requested information on our products and services, or track orders you place with us. Authorized third
parties may be utilized by us to collect, track and process such information. If you have submitted personal information to us electronically and would like it removed or modified,
please contact us at support@derivicom.com. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Children and
Parents We do not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without permission of the child's parent or legal guardian. Children under the age
of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to us only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. Where appropriate, we will instruct children not to
submit personal information. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may do so as indicated above and we will use
reasonable efforts to comply with your request.External LinkingOur web site may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the
content or privacy policies of those sites. Cookie Use Some of our Web pages may contain "cookies," which are data that may be sent to your Web browser and stored on your
computer. This allows our server to "recognize" you when you visit our Web site in the future. Most Web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you.
Other Important Privacy InformationIt may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable
information. We reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will promptly reflect any such modifications in these Web pages.