http://www.tuftonoceanic.com/privacy
HomePrivacyPRIVACY
This online Privacy Policy applies to the personal information that we collect from or about you via this website.
Whenever you visit a page on our site, we will identify this as a 'hit', however, unless you are registered user, it will not be personally identifiable to you and will only be used to compile information internally about the number of hits our website has received.
We will collect and maintain certain personal information about you, which you provide voluntarily when completing any of our online forms or send us an e-mail. The information you provide can identify you individually and includes items such as your name and e-mail address and will be used to send requested information and respond to enquiries made.
If you register online with our website we will collect information on which pages on the website you visit.
Your personal information will only be used for purposes set out in the Privacy Policy.
When you register with our website we will place a 'cookie' on your computer. This enables us to make the site as convenient as possible for you by remembering your logon, if you so choose, and pre-populating forms with your details. Cookies also enable us to gather information about the secured section usage to help us improve the content, usability and functionality of the website.
Cookies cannot be used to get or view data from your hard drive, or to gather information about you that you have not entered yourself.
We may contact you either by post, telephone or e-mail, primarily as follow-up to your request/enquiry or to answer any questions. We may also, from time to time, contact you about other products and services that may be of interest to you. If you would prefer not to receive information about these products and services from us, simply contact us by phone, e-mail or mail, or tick the box under Preferences on the online forms to show your wishes.
Your information will be shared by companies who are affiliates of the Tufton Oceanic Finance Group, who will not use your information for any purpose other than as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We shall not sell or share any personal information provided online with any other third party. We also shall not purchase or otherwise obtain any supplemental personal information about you from any third parties.
Areas of our website may contain links to other websites that may be of value to you. Please note that we do not have any control over the content of privacy practices of these sites. We urge you to review the privacy policy of these sites before providing any personal information.
If you have any questions or concerns please contact us at
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. Click the button below to agree to the use of cookies, and remove this message.I agree