http://www.brecofcu.com/privacy-policy
You have clicked on a link that will take you off the
website. Please note that
has no control of the accuracy of the information nor of the security of the site you are about to visit, and makes no warranty thereof. Thank you for visiting the
website.
CONTINUE CANCEL
About BRECO
Save
Borrow
Resources
News and Events
Back
About Us
Become a Member
Locations/Contact Us
Staff and Volunteers
Become A Partner (SEG)
Become A Volunteer
Back
Savings Accounts
Checking Accounts
Certificates & IRAs
Deposit Rates
Back
Holiday Loans
Auto Loans
Recreational Loans
Personal Loans
Visa Credit Cards
Home Loans
Loan Rates
Back
Courtesy Pay
e-Services
Calculators
Repos
Financial Tools
Car Buying Service
Forms
Education Center
UChoose Rewards
Back
Coronavirus
What's New
Events
BRECO Blog
Annual Reports
top
Online Banking
Enroll
Forgot Password
Privacy PolicyWe believe that trust is one of the most important aspects of a relationship. We value the trust you place in us to keep your personal finances and other information confidential. We maintain a strict policy on member confidentiality.We do not gather, collect, or maintain any information about you that can identify you as an individual except for such services that you request from us. These services include all of our online applications, for loans and all account applications, account access service, and bill payer service. We gather only information that is necessary to process your request and we maintain the information in the strictest of confidence.For statistical purposes, we collect general data about users of our site. This data is not personally identifying. For example, we collect data on the day of the week and time of day that visitors are coming to our site. We also collect information on how long members are staying on the site and how many members are coming to the site each week. Additionally, we do not share any of this information with third parties.We can make information available only in the following circumstances: when ordered by a court or other legal body or when it is lawfully permitted or required, or by request or consent of the member to the disclosure of information. In those cases where we disclose information, we require that it be used for no purpose other than providing previously specified services to our members.This Privacy Policy covers all services, products, and information contained in BRECO Federal Credit Union's Web site and all servers that provide an Internet presence for BRECO. If you have any questions regarding this site, you can reach the site administrator by e-mail at Bhaynie@brecofcu.com  or at 1850 S. Sherwood Forest Blvd., Baton Rouge, LA 70816; (225) 273-1529, ext. 3227.
Privacy Policy (PDF)