http://www.arionproductions.com.au/about/our-privacy-policy/
HOME
ABOUT US
The company named after a horse
Meet Sabrina Ferguson, Creative Director
Our Privacy Policy
Our terms of trading
Our Sustainability Policy
SERVICES
Website Design
Websites from $1699
Mini websites $799 including hosting
Website maintenance packages
Graphic & Branding
Social Media
Writing and Editing
Portfolio
Avalon Air Show 2013
Selected Artwork
WEB HOSTING
Domain Names
Web hosting
Email hosting, Email Exchange, Spam filter
SSL & DNS Services
CANDLES
NEWS/BLOG
CONTACT
Your privacy is important to us. Changes to Australian privacy laws over the last couple of years have resulted in more protection for web users. Arion Productions Pty Ltd (Arion Productions) respects your right to privacy and will protect it when you visit this web site. Here are some things you should know about how we protect your privacy.
E-mail
When you send us e-mail, we may keep your email for tracking purposes, but we won't share your e-mail address with anyone outside of Arion Productions employees and its contractors. We hate spam as much as you do. We'll only use your e-mail address to respond to your requests for information.
Information Collection
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read pages, or download information, our server will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. Our server automatically collects and stores only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "mycompany.com.au" if you use a private Internet access account, or "myschool.edu.au" if you connect from a university's domain) or internet provider (ie "bigpond.com") and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our web site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to our web site from another web site, the address of that web site.
We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you. This is common practice - and if we build you a website, we'll show you how to access your statistics too.
Links to Other Sites
Our website has links to other web sites. When you leave the Arion Productions web site to go to another web site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of that site. Arion Productions cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided there.
Linking to a web site does not constitute an endorsement by Arion Productions, or any of its employees, of the sponsors of the site or the products presented on the site.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
This web site and the information it contains is provided as a public service by Arion Productions. This system is monitored to ensure proper operation, to verify the functioning of applicable security features, and for other like purposes. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring. Unauthorised attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilise this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
Restriction of Liability
Arion Productions makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this web site and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this web site. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources. Reference in this web site to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favouring by Arion Productions.
Ownership
Information presented on this web site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied. However, all information submitted to Arion Productions via this site shall be deemed and remain the copyrighted property of Arion Productions, except those submissions made under separate legal contract. Arion Productions shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, or techniques contained in information provided to Arion Productions through this site.
Socialise with us!
Recent news and blogs
And now for something completely different
October 18, 2016
Why I can’t stand people saying ‘I know, right?’
September 16, 2016
My Face My Body My Soul has had a facelift
May 25, 2015
Our latest build – DSK Painting and Decorating
May 20, 2015
She read one too many sensationalist teaser headlines. You’ll never guess what happened next!
April 2, 2015
Subscribe to our newsletter
* indicates required
Email Address
*
Email Format
html
text
mobile
Get Jaaxy, the world’s most advanced keyword search tool – free!
From our blog
And now for something completely different
Why I can’t stand people saying ‘I know, right?’
My Face My Body My Soul has had a facelift
Our latest build – DSK Painting and Decorating
Add a shopping cart to your site
We can add a shopping cart to your site and get you selling like a pro!
Shopping carts start from around $400 on top of your normal site fee, which includes adding stock to your shop, one year's SSL hosting and purchase of your cart software. If you don't have credit card facilities we can help you set up PayPal to run your store.
Update your site wherever you are With our sites you don't need a computer to update or add new pages - use your smartphone or tablet!
You'll love the way your site looks on a tablet - and if you want a site built specifically for mobile users we can do that too.
We use and recommend Dreamstime stock images
Click the image to find out more.
© 2020 Arion Productions | website & graphic design, writing & editing, Sydney Australia.