http://www.melexis.com/en/legal/cookie-policy
inspired engineering
Cookie policy
Cookie policy
The purpose of using cookies is to enhance the user experience on the website. All data we retrieve from our cookies is anonymous and is only used to understand such user experience with the aim to improve it.
What is a cookie
Melexis uses cookies to enhance the user experience on our website. Cookies consist of small files of letters and numbers that are sent from a website and stored in a user's web browser while you visit a website. Session cookies are cookies that are deleted after you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain on your computer until they are deleted or until they expire after a period of time. When you visit the same website in the future, the data stored in persistent cookies can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of your previous activity.
Some of the cookies used by Melexis collect information that can be used to identify you. This information is personal data. These cookies, and all other non-essential cookies, will only be installed on your browser after you opt-in using our dedicated cookie setting application. Cookies used on the website cannot carry viruses or install malware on the host computer.
Third party cookies are cookies that do not originate from the Melexis website but from a different party. The section below can be used to identify the third-party cookies installed when visiting the website.
Managing cookies
When you enter the Melexis website, only strictly necessary cookies will be placed in your browser. By using our cookie settings tool you can opt-in to additional cookies. These cookies have several functions which you can find in the cookie settings tool and in the cookie summary below. You can withdraw your consent at any time through the cookie settings tool.
We invite you to visit www.allaboutcookies.org website to find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and for further guidance as to how to change browser settings, manage and/or delete cookies.
The website uses different types of cookies
In particular, the following cookies are used on the website:
Category
Usage
Cookie (duration)
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
OptanonConsent (a year)
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
_RequestVerificationToken (session)
ASP.NET_SessionId (session)
_dc_gtm_UA-xxxxxxxx (a few seconds)
irs.tools.investis.com (session)
e.infogram.com (session)
e.infogr.am (session)
infogram.com (2 years)
jifo.co (a year)
Functionality cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
MelexisLanguage (a year)
melexis#lang (session)
visitor (a year)
accounts.google.com (22 days)
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
_hjid (a year)
_hjCachedUserAttributes (35 minutes)
_hjIncludedInSample (session)
_hjShownFeedbackMessage (a day)
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE (10 years)
_ga (2 years)
_gid (a day)
_gat_UA-502819-1 (2 minutes)
_coveo.analytics.history (a minute)
coveo_visitorId (27 years)
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other websites. They uniquely identify your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
visitor_id##### (10 years)
_fbp (3 months)
facebook.com (3 months)
youtube.com
ads.linkedin.com (session)
linkedin.com (session)
google.com (2 years)
mmstat.com (session)
doubleclick.net (a year)
api.youku.com (session)
youku.com (session)
flexmail.eu (a day)
addthis.com (a year)
Social media cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
_atuvc (a year)
_atuvs (30 minutes)
Marketing automation cookies
These third party cookies are set by our marketing automation partners. We use these cookies to collect information, to build a profile of your interests and to qualify you for marketing communications. This information includes your IP address (this includes your general region, internet provider, etc.), your behavior on our website as well as all information you submit through forms on our website (e.g. email address). Information collected in this way may be consolidated with other information you provide(d) Melexis (e.g. at events). Our partners store this information on their servers.
pardot.com (10 years)
pi.pardot.com (session)
pi.demo.pardot.com (session)
Last revision on 19 November 2019.
Inspired Engineering
Products
Sense
Drive
Communicate
Programming and software tools
Search products
Melexis
About us
Investor relations
Press and publications
Careers
Quality and environment
Melexis supports STEM
Cookie Settings
Contact
Environmental contact
General contact
Investor relations contact
Offices and locations
Press contacts
Representatives and distributors
Sales contacts
Join our mailing list
Melexis will use this email address for the selected updates and following our privacy policy. You can withdraw your consent through the unsubscription link in the verification email and in every update