https://www.automatedgateservices.com/privacy-policy.php
×
Home
Company
About Us
Mission Statement
Employment
Customer Success Stories
Products
Gate Operators
Slide Gate Operators
Swing Gate Operators
Parking Gate Operators
Overhead Gate Operators
Actuator Gate Operators
Commercial Door Operators
Gate Hardware and Accessories
Emergency Vehicle Access
Telephone Entry Systems
Telephone Commercial Entry Systems
Telephone Residential Entry Systems
Wireless Communication Systems
Access Control Devices
Radio Control
Vehicle Control Equipment
Video Surveillance
Turnstile & Entry Control
Railroad
Return and Refund Policy
Services
Sales & Design
Installation
Service
Preventative Maintenance
Emergency Service Memberships
Amazon Key for Business
Anti-Terrorism Gates
Turnstiles & Entry Control
Surveillance
Commercial Overhead Door
Telephone Entry Programming
Will Call Center
News
Blog
Current Events
Gallery
Image gallery
Video Gallery
Support
Review Us
Contact Us
Directions
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy demonstrates the commitment of Automated Gate Services, Inc. to protecting visitor privacy and sets forth Automated Gate Services, Inc information and collection management practices.  The site is for informational purposes only and does not provide legal advice. Materials on this website are published to provide visitors with free information. However, this website is not designed for the purpose of providing legal or medical advice to individuals. Visitors should not rely upon information on this website as a substitute for personal legal or medical advice. While we make every effort to provide accurate website information, laws can change and inaccuracies happen despite our best efforts. If you have an individual legal or medical problem, you should seek legal or medical advice from an attorney or licensed physician in your own state.  By using this Website, the User consents to and acknowledges all practices set forth and described below.
Information Collected by Automated Gate Services, Inc
The User may navigate Automated Gate Services, Inc website without disclosing any personally identifiable information to Automated Gate Services, Inc. Personally identifiable information is collected from the User only when expressly consented to by the user . The User must grant consent to Automated Gate Services, Inc to collect information either by e-mail or by submitting an Information Request Form. The User’s personally identifiable information is used by Automated Gate Services, Inc for the following purposes:
To provide services to Users, to communicate with Users about Automated Gate Services, Inc services and franchise offerings, to respond to User inquiries, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information that Automated Gate Services, Inc may send or display to Users, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize User experiences while using the Website or our services.
For marketing and promotional purposes. For example, Automated Gate Services, Inc may use User information, such as email address, to send news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact Users about products or information we think may interest them. Automated Gate Services, Inc also may use information regarding Users to assist us in advertising our services on third party websites or administering sweepstakes, contests and other promotions.
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To better understand how Users access and use the Website, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve the Website and services and respond to User desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
Automated Gate Services, Inc does receive non-personally identifiable information through log files and Cookies when the User accesses Automated Gate Services, Inc Website. Should the User choose to disable or reject Cookies, certain areas of Automated Gate Services, Inc website may not display properly. Automated Gate Services, Inc monitors the quantity of visitors and each visitor’s purpose through Cookies. Specific Technical information: IP address; page views, operating systems, Web browser software, referring and destination Websites — is automatically collected from the User (with Cookies enabled). Automated Gate Services, Inc uses this information with User statistics to improve Automated Gate Services, Inc website. Automated Gate Services, Inc does not link any information gathered from Cookies or log files to personally identifiable information.
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests.  As noted above, Users may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies).  We are not aware of third parties that collect personally identifiable information about User online activities over time and across different Web sites when Users visit Automated Gate Services, Inc Website.
Automated Gate Services, Inc Information Disclosure Practices
Automated Gate Services, Inc does not share User information with third parties without the express written consent of the User. Certain special circumstances require that Automated Gate Services, Inc share User information: (1) where such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the safety of our Users or others, or (2) with service providers performing services on our behalf, which may include communication, database, event management, hosting, mailing and marketing services.  Any service providers employed by our company will have access to User information for the sole purpose and to the extent necessary to enable performance of service on behalf of Automated Gate Services, Inc. Automated Gate Services, Inc has no obligation to monitor Automated Gate Services, Inc website or the use of Automated Gate Services, Incs, or to retain the content of any User session. However, Automated Gate Services, Inc reserves the-right at-all-times-to monitor, review and/or retain any information in order to comply with the law or protect the safety of our Users or others. If the Automated Gate Services, Inc is acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or to a third party as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, Automated Gate Services, Inc may transfer the information collected from Users to the other company or third party.
Linked Sites
Automated Gate Services, Inc may occasionally include links to external sites on its Website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement from Automated Gate Services, Inc of such external website or the products and services offered at such site. If the User links to a third party site from Automated Gate Services, Inc website, any information the User reveals through that third party site is not subject to Automated Gate Services, Inc Privacy Statement herein.
Security
Automated Gate Services, Inc website employs industry-standard security measures designed to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information provided by the User via Automated Gate Services, Inc Website. Automated Gate Services, Inc cannot fully eliminate all risks, and is not to be held responsible for unauthorized access to information by Internet Users with malicious intent or those who have obtained such access through illegal means.
Children Under 13
This Website is not designed for children under 13. If Automated Gate Services, Inc discovers that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information (except for information provided by a child’s parent in connection with the services provided by Automated Gate Services, Inc or its franchisees), Automated Gate Services, Inc will delete such information from its systems.
Changes and Questions
Automated Gate Services, Inc reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy at this location. The User’s navigation of Automated Gate Services, Inc Website constitutes acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy as amended or revised by Automated Gate Services, Inc. The User is responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy regularly to remain aware of all terms and conditions.
Contact Automated Gate Services, Inc
For User questions or concerns regarding Automated Gate Services, Inc Privacy Policy or Automated Gate Services, Inc Website, contact Automated Gate Services, Inc directly at (888)428-3711.
Quick Links
Gated Communities & Apartment Complexes
Commercial & Industrial Applications
Maximum Security Locations
Parking & Traffic Management
Single Family & Rural Applications
Customer Success Stories
Project Gallery
Service Hotline Have a product, service, application or general question?
Mon-Fri: 7:30-4:00
24 Hour Emergency Service
(888) 428-3711
SALES REQUEST
SERVICE REQUEST
GENERAL INQUIRY