https://www.watertreatmentproducts.co.uk/cookies-policy/
About Us
Our Team
Careers
News
Services
Private Label Manufacturing
Formulations
Delivery Options
Drum Collection
Ordering Online
Pump Over Service
Export Service
Support
Personal Service
Own Laboratory
BPR
Water Treatment Products App
RO Software
Membrane Autopsy Services
Videos
Useful Links
Chemicals
Biocides Oxidising & Non-Oxidising
Cleaning Treatments
Cooling Tower Water Treatments
Closed Circuit Water Chemicals
Steam Boiler Water Treatment
Defoamers & Antifoaming Agents
Ductwork Cleaning And Air Hygiene
Reverse Osmosis
Pool & Leisure
Solid Chemicals
Chlorine Dioxide Water Treatment
Sanosil Disinfectants
Solid Chemical Dispensers
Test Kits
Water Test Kits
Drop Test Kits
Comparator Test Kits
Meters
PrimeLab Photometer
Contact Us
Customer Login
sales@watertreatmentproducts.co.uk
+44 (0)1495 792790
Languages
Enquiries or Questions?
Click to get in touch
View our Catalogues
Click here to see the range
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Water Treatment Products Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Water Treatment Products Ltd when you use this website.
Water Treatment Products Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Water Treatment Products Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1/04/2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
General Data Protection Regulations
This Privacy Notice sets out your rights under the new laws.
Who are we?
Water Treatment Products are based in Blaenavon, South Wales. Our registered office at Water Treatment Products Ltd, Unit 1, Gilchrist Thomas Industrial Estate, Blaenavon, Pontypool, Torfaen, NP4 9RL, United Kingdom our company number is 03896797
Water Treatment Products are primarily a B2B company, The GDPR applies to ‘personal data’ meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier. Although the data we store on file is business related we want to ensure you that Water Treatment Products are taking the necessary steps under the GDPR guidelines.
How the GDPR protects you
GDPR states that we are only able to process personal data if we have valid reasons to do so. The reason we use your personal data is for promotional material and deliveries.
How do we collect personal data from you?
As a B2B company the data we store is primarily business contacts, this data has been collected through previous business transactions or quotes supplied by ourselves.
What type of data do we collect from you?
The data that we may collect from you includes your name, address, email address, phone numbers. We may also keep details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data. We also retain records of your queries and correspondence, in the event you contact us.
How do we use your data?
We use information about you in the following ways:
To process orders that you have placed with us;
To help us identify you and any accounts you hold with us;
To carry out marketing and statistical analysis;
To notify you about changes to our website and services;
To provide you with information about products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us, use our contact form
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to our contact address.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or complete our Contact Us page as soon as possible at the address below. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Water Treatment Products Ltd
Unit 1, Gilchrist Thomas Industrial Estate
Blaenavon
Pontypool
NP4 9RL
Cookie Policy
Like most websites Water Treatment Products Ltd uses cookies. In order to deliver a personalised, responsive service and to improve the site, we remember and store information about how you use it. This is done using simple text files called cookies which sit on your computer. These cookies are completely safe and secure and will never contain any sensitive information. They are used only by Water Treatment Products Ltd.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Copyright © 2010 - 2019 Water Treatment Products Ltd, All rights reserved.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Designed and built by Big Eye Deers