http://www.hddbroker.com/en/aboutus/cookiepolicy.php
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy describes how HDD Broker LLC ("HDD Broker"), along with its parent company and affiliates
use cookies and other tracking technologies on their websites and mobile applications and provides information
about how you can manage settings related to the use of these technologies. If you have additional questions
regarding the information in this Cookie Policy, please contact us at
privacy@hddbroker.com. Information about HDD Broker data privacy and collection practices can also be found
in our Privacy Policy, available at
https://www.hddbroker.com/en/aboutus/privacypolicy.php.
HDD Broker Websites, Mobile Applications, and Services
Website Data Collection and Purposes
The Information We Collect
Third-Party Cookies and Tracking Technology
Your Choices - Opting Out and Managing Settings
Consent
Contact Us
I. HDD Broker Websites and Services
HDD Broker owns and operates the HDD Broker website (https://www.hddbroker.com),
as well as the HDD Broker Mobile Listings App. It also operates a Live Chat service on its website to provide you the
opportunity to interact with an HDD Broker Representative and maintains, but does not control the privacy practices or
cookie settings associated with, several pages and accounts on various social media platforms, including but not limited
to Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Instagram.
II. Website Data Collection and Purposes
When you visit the HDD Broker website, we collect certain information, including information that may identify you
("Personal Information"), by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools,
server logs and web beacons. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other internet-connected
devices to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Pixel tags and web beacons
are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed
a specific action. This section contains information about how we use the information collected by these technologies.
COOKIE TYPE
PURPOSE(S)
Necessary Cookies
These cookies enable our website to function properly. Without them, we would not be able to provide you the services
you request, nor would you be able to use our websites as intended. They allow us to recognize you when you return,
help us provide a customized experience, and enable us to detect certain kinds of fraud.
Functionality Cookies
These include Adobe Flash Cookies, Microsoft Silverlight, and similar technologies which remember your settings,
preferences, and usage in a manner similar to browser cookies to personalize and enhance your online experience, but
which are not managed through your browser. To manage your Flash and Silverlight Cookies, please see Adobe’s and
Microsoft’s websites.
Performance Cookies
These include, but are not limited to, Google Analytics cookies and pixel tags, which allow us to measure and improve
website performance and (without identifying individual users) monitor how users make use of our websites and collect
other information about our online traffic. To manage Google Analytics Cookies, please see Google’s website.
Marketing/Advertisement Cookies
These are cookies from third parties that we partner with. They are used to deliver advertisements that are more
relevant and meaningful to our customers. They may be used to limit the number of times that certain advertisements
are shown to you. They may also be used to track the efficiency of our advertising campaigns on HDD Broker and
non-HDD Broker websites.
III. The Information We Collect
We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect
information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and
other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is
located. Our server logs also may record the IP address or derivative of the device you use to connect to the internet.
An IP address is a unique identifier that devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the internet. We
may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to HDD Broker and the website you
visit after you leave our site.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is only used in a non-identifiable way, without
reference to Personal Information. For example, we use information we collect about website users to optimize our
websites and to understand website traffic patterns. In some cases, we do associate the information we collect using
cookies and other technology with your Personal Information. Additionally, if the settings on your geo-aware mobile
devices permit our mobile applications to collect location information, we will collect that information automatically.
IV. Third-Party Cookies and Tracking Technology
HDD Broker and its parent company have relationships with third-party advertising companies to perform tracking and
reporting functions for our web processing. These third-party advertising companies may place cookies on your computer
so they can display targeted advertisements to you. These third-party advertising companies should not collect Personal
Information in this process, and we do not give Personal Information to them as part of this process.
V. Your Choices - Opting Out and Managing Settings
You can manage cookie preferences and opt out of having cookies and other similar collection technologies used by
adjusting the settings on your browser or interface, commonly known as “Do Not Track” settings. All browsers and
interfaces are different, so visit the "Help" section of your browser or interface to learn about cookie preferences
and other privacy settings that may be available. You can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share
location information with HDD Broker, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by
adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile
service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings. In general, HDD Broker
complies and requests that all of its service providers comply with your “Do Not Track” settings that you select using
your internet browser(s).
VI. Consent
The first time you visit our website, you will be presented with a notice which provides you with some basic
information about our use of cookies and a link to our Privacy Policy for more information. At that time, you will
have an opportunity to consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies and will be provided access
to information about how you may disable cookies if you do not consent to their use.
Please note that, as described above, the use of some cookies is necessary for the operation of our website. It may
not be possible for you to disable the use of those cookies and continue to use our websites or mobile applications
as intended. Other cookies are not strictly necessary for the operation of our websites and mobile applications,
and while it is possible for you to disable these and continue to use our websites and mobile applications, your
experience may be diminished. For example, a video might not be able to load or you might not be able to access certain
pages.
In every case, to whatever extent you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, you may withdraw
that consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of data processing we performed on the basis of your consent
prior to its withdrawal. Withdrawal may be accomplished by disabling the use of cookies, as described above in section
(V).
For users who consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please note that we will renew that consent
from time to time. We will ask for the renewed consent of users one year after the date of their previous consent. In
addition, we will ask for your renewed consent anytime there is a change to our Privacy Policy or data processing
activities which materially affects you.
VII. Contact Us
You may contact HDD Broker with questions and concerns about this Cookie Policy by sending an email to
privacy@hddbroker.com. Alternatively, you may contact us by mail at the
following address:
HDD Broker LLC
Attn: Data Privacy
110-3212 Jacklin Rd
Victoria, BC V9B 0J5
Canada
Last Updated: January 31, 2019
Links
About Us
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
HDD Broker Staff
Honesty Policy
Article 13 Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Toll Free:
+1.866.960.3331
International:
+1.239.237.3744
HDD Broker uses cookies and collects personal information on its websites.
To learn more, review HDD Broker's Privacy Policy
and Cookie Policy. By clicking "I Accept", you
indicate you have adjusted your browser settings to fit your preferences and consent to HDD Broker's use of
cookies.
I Accept
x