http://www.theinvestingsite.com/terms.htm
The Investing Site - Personal Finance and Investing made simple
Find UK Companies and Local Branches
Search:
Near:
Investing Directory
Bank Guide
Articles
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to The Investing Site. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and disclaimer govern The Investing Site's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term "The Investing Site" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is stated below.. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
You acknowledge that no part of this website is to be construed as financial advice.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
The Investing Site is owned and operated by
Home Page
Bank Guide
Accounting
Financial Services
Insurance Services
Investment Services
Personal Finance
Taxation
Investing Directory
Learn to Invest
Articles
Debt Advice - Help is Available
Home Insurance Fast Facts
Travel Insurance
Saving for a House
Children and Money
Interest Free Credit Cards
Life Insurance - What Do You Need?
Introduction to ISA's
Saving for that Special Day
Example Wedding Budget
Home Page
|
Contact Us
|
About The Investing Site
|
Terms of Use
|
Your Privacy
|
Disclaimer
Contact
About
Terms
Privacy
Disclaimer
©Copyright 2020
This site is published with the understanding that the publisher is not engaged in rendering legal or investment services. TheInvestingSite.com does not offer investment advice. TheInvestingSite.com does not endorse or recommend the products or services of any company mentioned on our site. Since each individual's situation is unique, a qualified professional should be consulted before making tax, legal or investment decisions. We make no guarantees as to the accuracy, thoroughness or quality of the information, and are not responsible for errors or omissions.