http://www.zamboni.com/privacy-policy/
Zamboni.com    /    Privacy Policy
By continuing to use Zamboni.com or other Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc., Zamboni Company, and/or Zamboni Europe AB services on or after May 25, 2018, you agree to these updates.
Introduction and purpose
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc., Zamboni Company, and/or Zamboni Europe AB handle personal data in accordance with the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The policy covers treatments where external personal data is handled and includes structured and unstructured data.
This document defines the Privacy Policy for Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc., Zamboni Company, and/or Zamboni Europe AB (hereafter referred to as “Zamboni”). To read this privacy policy in Swedish please click here: https://zamboni.com/integritetspolicy-for-zamboni-europe-ab/
Concept and abbreviations
Concept
Meaning
Personal Data
Means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person (the “Personal Data”).
Registered
The person to whom a personal data refers, that is, the physical person who can be identified directly or indirectly through the personal data in a register.
Personal Data processing
An action or combination of personal data actions – regardless of whether they are performed automated or not – such as collection, registration, organization and structuring.
Personal Data processing
Each Personal Data processing should be done according to the following principles:
Legality
Purpose limitation
Data minimization
Correctness
Storage minimization
Integrity and confidentiality
Why do we collect your information?
The main purpose of the personal data processing performed by Zamboni is to fulfill agreements and commitments to you as a customer. There are several reasons why we may need to collect, manage and save your information. Some of them are purely legal, we need to save them in order to comply with current legislation. On other occasions, we need to save your personal information to fulfill our agreements, provide what we have promised or to offer you as good and customized services as possible.
Zamboni processes personal data for the following purposes based on the following legal grounds:
Purpose of treatment
Legal basis for treatment (why the treatment is important)
To confirm your identity and verify your personal and contact information
Fulfill agreements and commitments to you
In order to provide you with the customer service and assistance you may need regarding our goods and services
Fulfill agreements and commitments to you
To comply with applicable legislation, such as ex accounting laws and tax rules
Current legislation
For market analysis in order to improve our goods and services
Other legitimate interests
For sending information and news
Other legitimate interests
Who we share our customers personal data with
In some cases, we use third party supplier to help us provide our services, such as billing and order handling. When we share your information with someone else, we have agreements and routines to protect your personal information. We never disclose your personal information to anyone without your consent.
We will NEVER sell your personal data to anyone.
We consider data protection and privacy to be of paramount importance. We never sell personal data and we carry out all processing operations in strict compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link. https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
What kind of Personal Data is processed and for what purpose?
Registration of Customer Information.
In order for Zamboni to comply with the entered customer agreement, we need to register and handle certain personal data. However, we only record data needed to comply with the agreement. The personal information we have in our customer register is as follows:
Name
Address: Delivery Address / Ice Rink Facility Address / Mailing Address
Organization number
Phone number
Email address
Contact person(s)
Zamboni Machine / Part model number(s) and/or serial number(s)
These data will not be given, sold, rented or otherwise made available for use by another company.
Supplier Information
In order for Zamboni to be able to fulfill the entered supplier agreement, we need to register and handle certain personal data. However, we only record data needed to comply with the agreement. The personal data we have in our supplier register are as follows:
Name
Address
Organization number
Phone number
E-mail/Web address
Contact person
Payment Information
Zamboni Machine / Part model number(s) and/or serial number(s)
These data will not be given, sold, rented or otherwise made available for use by another company.
Email address
In order for us to quickly and easily provide information about our goods and services, news and education, etc., we need to register email addresses. However, we only record data we need to provide information or to get in touch with you. The data handled in our e-mail register is as follows:
Name
Address: Delivery Address / Ice Rink Facility Address / Mailing Address
Organization number
Phone number
Email address
Contact person(s)
Zamboni Machine / Part model number(s) and/or serial number(s)
These data will not be given, sold, rented or otherwise made available for use by another company.
These data require consent from you and you are always entitled to have them deleted or changed. See also your rights below.
Web Usage Data
When you visit our website our HotJar service stores the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, and information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit. We process usage data in an anonymized form for statistical purposes and to improve our site, to facilitate your access to our services (e.g. to adjust our services to the device you are using), and to recognize and stop any misuse.
Cookies
We use cookies to provide you with a better experience, and to facilitate the use of certain functions. Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites. We do not process this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
Cookies are stored on your individual device and you have full control over their use. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.
Contact with us via email
On our website you have the opportunity to contact us to ask us questions, for example via the contact form, we ask you for your contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries we receive.
If you receive emails from us, we may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when you open our email or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data helps us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns.
Your Account
When you sign up for Zamboni Connect, or sign up for our Zamboni Company Newsletter, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your name, email address and details about your organization. As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for.
You may unsubscribe from receiving content from us at any time. Please note all registered Zamboni machine owners will receive a periodic Safety mailing containing important information regarding the safe and proper operation of their machine. Following termination of your account, we may retain your personal data (in part or in whole) in order to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and in order to be able to address customer service issues.
Where do we process your personal information?
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to keep any information we share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to our instructions. In cases where personal data are processed outside the EU / EEA, we ensure that our partners live up to the same level of security and protection as applied in the EU / EEA.
We will only pass your data on to third parties without your express consent if we are obliged to do so by statutory law or an instruction by a public authority or court.
How long do we save your personal information?
Personal data are stored by Zamboni for the time necessary for the purposes specified above. It may be as long as it is necessary to be able to perform what we promised you under our agreements or other commitments. It may also be as long as required by law or government decision. Zamboni regularly clears unnecessary personal information. Zamboni also takes reasonable steps to keep the personal data up to date, and to delete out-of-date and otherwise incorrect or unnecessary personal data.
Your rights
Whatever information we have saved about you, you should always be in control of your own tasks. Therefore, according to current data protection legislation, you have access to the following rights.
Right of access (“registry extract”). You can request extracts from registered personal information and verify the information we have about you
Right to amendment. You are entitled to receive incorrect or non-complete information about yourself corrected
Right to be deleted from our registry. You are entitled to request that your personal data be deleted if the information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which they were collected. If the data is saved due to a legally required obligation to save certain information, you are not entitled to require them to be deleted
Right to data portability. If our right to process your personal data is based on your consent or in order to conclude an agreement with you, you may be entitled to obtain the information in a machine-readable format for the purpose of reusing it with another company. This is primarily about information that you have given us. In other words, it is only certain tasks that are covered by the right to data portability
Right to object to some type of treatment. You are always entitled to avoid direct marketing and to object to such processing of personal data based on a balance of interest (legitimate interest)
For those cases where we use legitimate interest / interest balance as a legal basis for a purpose, you have the opportunity to object to the treatment. In order to continue processing your personal information after such objection, we need to be able to demonstrate a compelling legitimate reason for the current treatment that weighs heavier than your interests, rights or freedoms.
If you oppose direct marketing, we will discontinue processing of your personal information for that purpose. Please note all registered Zamboni machine owners will receive a periodic Safety mailing containing important information regarding the safe and proper operation of their machine.
Right to limit processing of personal data
You are entitled to limit the processing of your personal data, for example, if you think they are incorrect.
We can only identify you via your name and email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact our support team: info@zamboni.com.
We want to Communicate with You
We may occasionally send you notification emails about updates to our product, legal documents, offer customer support or marketing emails. Except for cases where we are required to do so by law, you shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will govern our practices for collecting, processing, and disclosing personal data. We will provide notice of any modifications by posting a written notice on our site.
Your use of the site and/or Services following the effective date of any modifications to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy, as modified. All changes to this Privacy Policy automatically take effect on the sooner of the day you use the site and/or services, or 30 calendar days after they are initially posted on our site. Your use of the site and/or services following the effective date of any modifications to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy, as modified.
Do you have any complaints?
If you have any complaints regarding our processing of your personal data, you have the right to submit these to the country’s regulatory authority.
Contact details
Sweden:
In Sweden, the Datainspektionen is responsible for follow-up and supervision.
Datainspektionen
Phone number: +4686576100
E-mail: datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Personal Data Manager’s contact details
Zamboni Europe AB (556623-5684)
Murarmörkret 4
810 20 ÖSTERFÄRNEBO
Tel +4629120680
info@izomaskin.se
www.zamboni.com
Contact our DPO (Data Protection Officer) on eva@izomaskin.se if you have any questions.
All other locations:
Frank J. Zamboni & Co., Inc.
15714 Colorado Ave, Paramount, CA 90723
562-633-0751
info@zamboni.com
www.zamboni.com
1-562-633-0751Zamboni Company Ltd.38 Morton Avenue EastBrantford, Ontario, N3T 5T6 Canada 1-519-758-5000Zamboni Europe ABMurarmörkret 4Österfärnebo, 811 74 Sweden 1-46-291-206-80Robert Boileau Inc.1425 Boulevard PitfieldSaint-Laurent, Quebec, H4S 1G3 Canada 1-514-333-8420