http://www.freshdelmonte.com/privacy-policy/
search
F L : D I G X
INVESTOR
CAREERS
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
DMFP Privacy POLICY
Effective Date: August 12, 2020
Del Monte Fresh Produce Company, along with its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively “DMFPC”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy. As used throughout this website, the term “DMFPC” and such terms such as the “company,” “legal entity,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we” and “us” may refer to Del Monte Fresh Produce Company or one or more or all of Del Monte Fresh Produce Company’s parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise designation of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.
We ask that you carefully review this Privacy Policy, as it applies to all information DMFPC collects from and about you, whether in writing, verbally, or electronically, including when you access and use all or part of any website (“Site”) operated by DMFPC. This Privacy Policy explains how DMFPC (1) may use and disclose such information; (2) share that information; and (3) your options to control how DMFPC may use some of your information. For individuals located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), DMFPC is the data controller responsible for your personal data collected from your use of the Site.
When you use the Site, you agree to allow us to collect, use, and share your information, as we describe in this Privacy Policy. You also agree to the DMFPC Terms of Use, which are incorporated by reference. If you do not agree, please do not access or use the Site. If you are applying to a job through one of our Site, you also agree to our Employment Privacy Policy.
QUICK GUIDE TO CONTENTS
1.            INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2.            INFORMATION USE
3.            INFORMATION WE SHARE
4.            HOW LONG YOUR INFORMATION IS RETAINED
5.            YOUR RIGHTS
6.            LINKS
7.            CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
8.            DATA SECURITY
9.            INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
10.          REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
11.          HOW TO CONTACT US
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
There are several ways we may obtain information about you, including through (A) information you provide to us directly; (B) information we automatically collect. This includes data that identifies you personally, whether directly (i.e., your name) or indirectly (i.e., information about your online use).
A) Information You Provide
DMFPC collects certain information from you when you directly provide it to us. This may include when you create an account with us, make a purchase through our Site, request information from us, sign up for newsletters or our e-mail list, enter into sweepstakes or other promotions, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with or contact us directly. This information may include the following:
Contact details including your name, address, email address, and telephone or mobile number;
Login and account information, including user name, password, and unique user ID; and
Billing and payment data, including credit card data; and
Personal preferences, such as marketing preferences.
B) Information Automatically Collected
Whenever you visit or interact with the Site, DMFPC, as well as third-party service providers, may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to automatically or passively collect information about your online activity. For information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies through the Site, you can read our Cookie Policy here.
Please note that DMFPC or our service providers may automatically collect the following information about you:
Computer or Device Information: We may automatically collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or other unique identifier or information from the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device you use to access the Site, including, but not limited to, your browser type, device type, operating system, software version, phone model, phone operating system, and the domain name from which you accessed the Site.
Usage Information. We may collect information about how you use the Site, including: the date and time you visit the Site; what areas or pages of the Site you visit; the amount of time you spend visiting the Site; the number of times you return to the Site; other information about where you click on the Site; whether you open, forward, or click on links in emails we send; and other Site you may visit.
Location Information. We collect general information about where traffic and purchases on our site are coming from around the world. We use this information at an aggregate level (meaning the information does not identify individual users) to create reports to better understand how we engage with users.
Service Providers. We may use service providers to support our Site. Some of these service providers may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, Flash cookies, or HTML5 cookies to receive, collect, and store information.
Google Analytics. When you visit or interact with the Site, Google Analytics, our third-party analytics solution, may use cookies or other technologies to automatically or passively collect information about your online activity. Google Analytics collects information that your web browser automatically sends to Google, such as the web address of the page that you visit and your IP address. Google uses this information to provide us with reports about traffic to our Site and your visit to our Site (such as the domain you use to access the internet, the web address of the website from which you linked to our Site, the time and date of your visit the web pages that you view and click through). We use this data to improve our Site structure and content. Google may also use this data in accordance with its Privacy Policy, available at http://www.google.com/privacy.html. For more detailed information on how Google uses your data through our Site, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. If you do not wish for our service providers to use cookies or other technologies to automatically or passively collect information about your on-line activity, you should adjust your device or Internet browser to limit such tracking. You may also manage your own Do Not Track settings by clicking here:  .
C. Combination of Information
We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us, information we automatically collect through our Sites, information collected offline, information collected across other computers or devices that you may use, and information from third party sources.
INFORMATION USE
DMFPC may use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of business purposes. These include to respond to your customer service requests, to improve customer experience and engagement, and to enhance or improve our content, products, and services. We are committed to protecting and maintaining the privacy of your information. Therefore, we will process your data only in accordance with applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy.
Where necessary under applicable law, we will have a lawful basis to process your data if:
-You have consented to such processing;
-We have a legitimate interest for processing your data – e.g., for data analytics purposes; fraud prevention; direct marketing; network and information systems security; enhancing or improving our content, products, and services; identifying usage trends; and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns; and/or
-We are legally obligated to process it.
We may use the information we collect from and about you to:
-Respond to your inquiries and contact you when necessary;
-Enhance your online experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Site;
-Review the usage and operations of our Site, develop new products or services, and conduct analysis to enhance or improve our content, products, and services;
-Provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site, via email, text message or push notification, or across other websites or social media;
-Administer any orders that you have placed with us and process payments;
-Communicate with you about your purchase;
-Register and manage your account(s) with us;
-Contact you with information, newsletters, and promotional materials;
-Use your data in an aggregated non-specific format for analytical and demographic purposes (this processing may involve profiling – for example to create audiences based on demographic or location-based information for marketing and customization purposes);
-Address problems with the Site or our business, and to protect the security or integrity of the Site and our business; or
-For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
Additionally, if you use the Site to connect with any third-party services (e.g., social media Site), you authorize us to use information from and about you, on your behalf, to interact with these third-party services based on your requests.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
A) Information You Share
The Site offer many ways to find, enjoy, and share content. Your activity in connection with the Site may include filling out surveys, reviewing and rating products, inquiring about or purchasing products, participating in online communities, “liking” or “sharing” our content on your social media accounts or otherwise interacting with DMFPC. Any information you may disclose on our Site, in blogs, on message boards, in chat rooms, or in other public areas of the Site or other third-party websites, applications, or services that the Site may link to, becomes public information. Please exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas.
B) Information We Share
We may share your personal information with:
-Affiliates:  We may share your information with DMFPC affiliates and subsidiaries for business, operational, promotional, and marketing purposes.
-Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that provide business, professional or technical support functions for us, help us operate our business and the Site, or administer activities on our behalf.
-Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions:  If you choose to enter into one of our sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions (a “Promotion”) we may disclose your information to third parties or the public in connection with administering the Promotion, as required by law, as otherwise permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy
-Legal Obligations; Safety: We may access and disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, or government requests and investigations, or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law. We may disclose your information to protect the security of our Site, servers, network systems, and databases. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use, any other legal document or contract related to our services, or the rights of any third party.
-Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets: We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through this Site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
-Aggregate or Anonymous Non-Personal Information: We may also share aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified non-personal information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses.
-Other: We also may share your information as disclosed to you at the time of collection.
HOW LONG YOUR INFORMATION IS RETAINED
We will retain your individual personal data only as long as we need it for the purpose for which we are processing it. For example, when you contact us with a complaint, query, or other concern, we will retain your information for as long as needed to respond to your query. We may use data aggregated by Google Analytics indefinitely without further notice to you.
We will periodically review the personal information we hold and delete it securely, or in some cases anonymize it, when there is no longer a legal, business, or consumer need for us to retain it. When we anonymize data, we may retain such data indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR RIGHTS
A) For EEA Residents
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access and rights to the personal data (as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation) that you may have shared with us. If you live in the EEA, and wish to access, amend, delete, or transfer any personal data we hold about you, you may contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section.
At any time, you may object to the processing of your Personal Data on legitimate grounds, but we reserve the right to proceed with the processing if otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you believe we have infringed upon your right to privacy granted by applicable data protection laws, please contact privacyofficer@freshdelmonte.com. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities.
B) For California Residents
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how DMFPC shares their personal information with third parties or affiliated companies for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at: privacyofficer@freshdelmonte.com. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject line. We are not responsible for notices that are not properly sent, or that do not have complete information.
California residents may also take advantage of the following rights:
-You may request, up to two times each year, that we disclose to you: (1) the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you; (2) the categories of sources from which we collect your personal information; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and (5) the business or commercial purpose for selling your personal information, if applicable.
-You may also request that we delete any personal information we have collected from or about you. There are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation.
We offer multiple ways for you to make such a request (“Data Access Request” and “Deletion Request”) free of charge, including the following:
-Send an e-mail to at privacyofficer@freshdelmonte.com. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field and include as an attachment a completed Data Access Request Form or Deletion Request Form. We are not responsible for requests that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
-Fill out and print the online forms Data Access Request Form or Deletion Request Form and mail it to: Privacy Officer, Del Monte Fresh Produce Company, 241 Sevilla Avenue, Coral Gables, FL 33134.
-Call our toll free number at 1 (833) 981-0038 and provide the information listed on our Data Request Form over the phone.
In order for us to fulfill your Data Access Request Form or Deletion Request Form, we will need to verify that you are who you say you are and that we indeed collect or retain your personal information on our systems. For verification purposes, we will attempt to match information that you provide to us with information we already have in our records. We will not be able to delete or provide you with access to your personal information unless we are able to verify your identity. We will respond to your request within 45 days of receiving your request, after proper verification, unless we need additional time, in which case we will let you know. We value your privacy and will not discriminate against you in response to you exercising your privacy rights.
An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf, after submission of proof of authorization in accordance with California law.
For purposes of compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the further details as described throughout this Privacy Policy, we make the following disclosures:
-We collect the following categories of personal information: identifiers/contact Information, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation, visual and audio information, age, gender, and inferences drawn from the above.
-We disclose the following categories of information for a business purpose: identifiers/contact information, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation, visual and audio information, and inferences drawn from the above.
C) Cookies; Tracking
Certain parts of our Site require cookies. You are free to adjust your device or Internet browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies. Please refer to your device’s settings or your Internet browser’s “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your device or browser from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all Internet browsers. For more information about how we collect and use cookies, and how you can control how we use certain cookies, see our Cookie Policy.
D) Choices Concerning Direct Marketing
If you consented to receive direct marketing from DMFPC, we provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of marketing communications. To unsubscribe from our email communications at any time follow the instructions contained within the email you received, or contact us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
LINKS
The Sites may have links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. We do not direct the Sites to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen (or older, if applicable law provides for different protections). If we learn that a minor has provided personal information through the Sites, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our files.
We do not sell personal information about people under the age for 16.
DATA SECURITY
We have taken certain physical, administrative, and technical steps to safeguard the information we collect from and about our customers and visitors to the Sites. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Since DMFPC is a global company, Site covered by this policy attract users from all over the world. DMFPC is based in the United States. Therefore, if you choose to give us personal information, we will process that information in the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may be less stringent than in your country.
To ensure that we adequately protect your data, we only transfer your data subject to suitable safeguards being in place. In particular, we transfer your information outside the EEA through the use of standard contractual clauses and we make sure that any such transfers are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and using adequate and appropriate safeguards. To find out more about how we safeguard your information (including obtaining a copy of such safeguards) in relation to transfers outside the EEA, please contact us via the details provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, please contact our Privacy Officer at:
Attention:  Privacy Officer
Del Monte Fresh Produce Company
P.O. Box 149222
Coral Gables, Florida 33114-9222 USA
Email: privacyofficer@freshdelmonte.com
You may also contact us by sending us an e-mail or by mail or calling us at our toll free number at 1 (833) 981-0038.
Link: privacyofficer@freshdelmonte.com
DMFP Cookie Policy
Effective Date: August 12, 2020
Please read the following carefully to understand how Del Monte Fresh Produce Company, along with its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, “DMFPC,” ) uses cookies when you access and use all or part of any website (“Site”) operated by DMFPC.Site As used throughout this website, the term “DMFPC” and such terms such as the “company,” “legal entity,” “the corporation,” “our,” “we” and “us” may refer to Del Monte Fresh Produce Company or one or more or all of Del Monte Fresh Produce Company’s subsidiaries or affiliates. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise designation of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.
By using or accessing our Site, you agree to this Cookie Policy. This Cookie Policy may change from time to time. If you continue to use the Site after we make any changes, your continued use of the Site means that you accept those changes. Please check this Cookie Policy periodically for updates.
DMFPC is the “data controller” with respect to personal data that we collect from or about you through the use of Cookies. If you have any questions on the use or processing of your personal data, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Quick Guide to Contents
What are cookies?
How Can You Control or Delete Cookies?
What Types of Cookies Does DMFP Use?
Questions/Contact Us
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies enable a website like ours to recognize you or to store information about your actions and preferences to distinguish you from other users of the Sites and improve your online experience. Most websites contain elements from multiple web domains, meaning that when you visit a website your browser may receive cookies from several sources.
Cookies may be categorized as first- or third-party cookies, and persistent or session cookies:
First-party cookies are those set by the Sites the user visits (e.g., cookies  www.freshdelmonte.com places).
Third-party cookies are set by a domain other than that of the Sites the user visits.
Persistent cookies are cookies that remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie.
Session cookies are created temporarily, and once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
There are many different types of cookies. For a list of cookie types used on our Sites, please refer to the section below on “Types of Cookies Used by DMFP”
2. How Can You Control or Delete Cookies?
We provide you with several ways to manage cookies:
You can refuse to provide your consent to our collection of non-essential cookies;
Our performance and functionality Cookies are not strictly necessary for the Site to work but will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these Cookies, but if you do this, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit the Site and some features of the Site may not work as intended. For example, you may not be able to visit certain areas of the Site or you may not receive personalized information when you visit our Site.
If you do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of our Site, you will need to delete, and block or disable cookies; see below for more information on how to do this. Please note that disabling cookies likely will affect the functionality of our Site.
You can disable first- or third-party cookies using your browser settings;
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept Cookies. If you do not want our website to store Cookies on your computer or device, you can change or adjust your browser or device settings to block Cookies or to alert you when Cookies are being sent to your device.
If you use different devices to view and access the Site (e.g., your computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your Cookie preferences.
The procedures for changing your settings and cookies differ from browser to browser. If necessary, use the help function on your browser or click on one of the links below to go directly to the user manual for your browser.
Disable Cookies in Internet Explorer >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Chrome >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Safari >> Click here
Disable Cookies in FireFox >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Safari IOS >> Click here
Disable Cookies in Google Android >> Click here
More info. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
3. What Types of Cookies Does DMFP Use?
We use different types of session and persistent cookies to run our Sites. Some or all of the cookies identified below may be stored in your browser.
Type of Cookie
Description
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary cookies are necessary for the operation of our Sites. These cookies are essential in helping you to move around our Sites and use the features, such as accessing secure areas of the Sites or using the shopping basket. For example, we may use Strictly Necessary cookies to:
Remember the goods and services you selected when you get to the payment page
Identify you as being logged into the Sites
Provide access to protected areas of a Sites
Remember previously entered text so it is not lost if the page refreshes
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies simply help us improve the way our Sites work. We utilize these cookies to analyze how our visitors use our Sites and to monitor our Sites performance. They tell us how people use each page, which ones are most commonly viewed, or whether any errors occurred. This allows us to provide a high-quality experience and quickly identify then fix any issues that arise. For example, we may use Performance cookies to:
Store preferences to see which method of linking between pages is most effective
Enable web analytics to provide anonymous statistics on how our Sites are used
To assist with error management in helping us improve the Sites by measuring any errors that occur
Functionality Cookies
We use Functionality cookies to allow us to remember your preferences. For example, we may use Functionality cookies to:
Remember settings you have applied such as layout, colors, font sizes and page backgrounds
Remember if we have already asked you if you want to fill in a survey
Detect if you have already seen a pop-up to ensure it doesn’t get shown to you again
Process a request from a user to submit a comment or blog or forum post
Third-Party Cookies
We allow third parties to download cookies to your device in order to provide enhanced functionality to you, such as sharing content with others, providing real-time news and information about our company for our investors, or tracking usage patterns on the Sites.
4. Questions/Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Cookie Policy, please contact us at privacyofficer@freshdelmonte.com or at 1 (833) 981-0038.