https://www.marshallpr.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Type and press “ENTER” to search
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Marshall Communications values your privacy. We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Our Email Policy
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”), or (b) you have registered or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you have any unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to info@marshallpr.com for review.
Our Data Collection Policy
This website uses Google Analytics, a Web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Sign up for our newsletter
Subscribe to receive our monthly Marshall Report, full of helpful information and tips on public relations, marketing, social media, personal branding and more.
Email Address
*
First Name *
Last Name *
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By clicking below to submit this form, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.
Listen to Nancy Marshall interview industry leaders, top executives, media personalities & online influencers about PR & their personal brand.
About the Podcast
Listen to Episodes
Newest Blog Posts
How-to examples & business cases for implementing effective public relations and marketing techniques.
Sauerkraut & Kielbasa Bake
The perfect warm and hearty meal for fall.
Apple Pie Macarons
Are you ready for a challenge? This recipe is for apple pie macarons!
Eventide Fish Chowder
With everything that is going on right now, we are in need of some comfort food.
How Businesses Can Be Empathic During the COVID-19 Pandemic
All business has changed in recent months, so it only makes sense that communications and marketing change too. The best place to start is by showing empathy.
All Blog Posts
Interested in meeting?
If you would like to set up a meeting or request a proposal, contact our team (207) 623-4177 for the fastest response.
Contact Us
Stay Connected
PR Maven® Nation
Get exclusive access to news and guests on Nancy's podcast, join PR Maven Nation today!
Like and Join Today
>
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are understand this.Agree