http://www.californiaconstructionloans.com/support/privacy/
Home
Construction Loans
Construction Loans
Major Remodel Construction Loans
Owner Builder Construction Loans
Land Loans
Investment and Speculation Construction Loans
Construction Loan Inside Secrets E-Book
What The Experts May Not Tell You E-Book
Pre-Qualify Application
Construction Rates
Support
About Us
Articles
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY FOR Nationwide Construction Loans, Inc.
This privacy policy sets out how "Nationwide Construction Loans, Inc." uses and protects any information that you give "Nationwide Construction Loans, Inc." when you use this website.
"Nationwide Construction Loans, Inc." is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
"Nationwide Construction Loans, Inc." may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June 30, 2009.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name, Email Address, Phone Numbers
What we do with the information we gather.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
PERSONS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE ARE EXCLUDED FROM THIS WEBSITE
This website is not lawfully accessible to persons under the age of 18 or who are otherwise covered by the provisions of the Child Online Privacy Act of 1998 (COPA). If you are under the age of 18 you must leave this site immediately. Fraudulent use of this website may make you subject to civil or criminal sanctions.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please send an email to support@jumboconstructionloans.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, OR REPORT OF INCIDENTS
You may direct questions, comments or reports to:
support@jumboconstructionloans.com
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITHOUT NOTICE
This Privacy Policy is dynamic. It will continually change. You may not assume that it remains the same and you agree to check the policy each time you visit the site for changes. Unless, in the sole opinion of the website, this policy changes so drastically as to suggest a posted notification on the site or via email, you will receive no notification of changes to this Privacy Policy nor, under any circumstances, does this site promise notification. Your continued use of this site always evidences your acceptance of the terms this Privacy Policy or any modifications.
LATEST UPDATE
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: June 30, 2009
Get A Construction Loan Pre-Approval & Loan Quote Today.
STEP 1:
Receive a Pre-Approval Quote From our Top Lender.
It's Easy, once the form is fully
completed you will receive your personal
detailed quote
Type of construction project:
--None--
Ground Up Single Family Construction Loan
Existing Residence Major Remodel loan
Two Units or Duplex Construction Loan
Owner Builder Construction Loan.
Speculation Loan (to sell)
Investment or 2nd Home
What is your estimated cost to build:
$200,000 to $300,000
$300,000 to $500,000
$500,000 to $750,000
$750,000 to $1,000,000
$1,000,000 to 1,500,000
$1,500,00 to $2,000,000
$2,000,000 to $3,000,000
$3,000,000 to $5,000,000
$5,000,000 or Higher.
California Jumbo Construction Loans only provides loans above $417,000
Contact Information [* REQUIRED]
First Name*
Last Name*
Phone:*
Do You Own Land?
--None--
Yes
Not Yet
Remodel
Estimated Credit Score?
--None--
680-700
700-750
750-800
Best time to call:
Select
Morning
Afternoon
Evening
Late Night
Nationwide Construction Loans, Inc. 38421 Oak Tree Loop, Murrieta, CA 92562, DBA
Copyright 2020, California Land and Construction Loans. All rights reserved. Powered by Globi Web Solutions