https://www.airpowerproducts.com/p/privacypolicy
privacypolicy
About Air Power Products
Products and Services
OIL-LESS COMPRESSORS
LUBRICATED COMPRESSORS
HIGH-PRESSURE COMPRESSORS
SPRINKLER COMPRESSORS
TWIN TOWER DESICCANT DRYERS
MEMBRANE DRYERS
MEDICAL AIR SYSTEMS
MEDICAL VACUUM SYSTEMS
REGENERATIVE BLOWERS
ROTARY LOBE BLOWERS
DEW POINT MONITORS
PURGE ECONOMIZER PANELS
OIL-LESS VACUUM PUMPS
LUBRICATED VACUUM PUMPS
AIRBURST SYSTEMS
INDUSTRIAL BREATHING AIR SYSTEM
Privacy Policy
Air Power Products respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Air Power Product's website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Air Power Products is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Air Power Products website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Air Power Products may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Air Power Products reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Air Power Products and is effective as of April 15, 2011. This statement does not create an agreement between Air Power Products and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Air Power Products Limited
191 Shearson Crescent
Cambridge, ON N1T 1J5
Canada
Tel: 888.622.2034
Fax: 519.622.1949
Email: info@airpowerproducts.com
Website: www.airpowerproducts.com
Need Help?
X Need Help