http://www.pmwinc.com/privacy.html
Menu
About Us
Products & Services
Cadence Advantage
Aerostructures + Aeroequipment
Overview
Centers of Excellence
Unified Approach
Unified Capabilities
Supply Chain Management
Leadership
Cadence Aerospace Management
Sales + Business Development
Operational Leadership
Newsroom
Contact Us
CADENCE AEROSPACE, LLC
3150 East Miraloma Avenue
Anaheim, CA 92806, USA
EMAIL
TEL +1 949 877 3630
Suppliers
Careers
Privacy Statement
Cadence wants you to have a positive experience while visiting this web site. We want you to know that we respect the privacy and security of our users.
Our goal is to provide you with an experience that delivers the information, resources and services that are helpful to you.
In order to achieve this goal, we collect information from you.
We discuss our information collection practices below.
General Collection and Use of Personally Identifying Information
We will only collect and use personally identifying information (such as a first and last name, physical address including a street name, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.) when a user voluntarily provides it to us. In order to use some portions of our website, or in order to undertake certain actions (such as registration for services) a user must first complete a registration form or provide an e-mail address that will require disclosure of personally identifying information. Such disclosure is strictly voluntary. In order to contact us by e-mail, however, you must provide an e-mail address.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal identifying information to our third-party affiliates, or if we are required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect or advance the rights, property, safety, or well-being of our company, our employees, customers, or the public. We may also share or sell your personal information if we sell some or all of our assets via a sale of the company or merger..
Collection of Non-Personally Identifying Information
We collect and use non-personally identifying information, including IP addresses and web server log files to track trends, administer the web site, track user movement, and gather demographic information. We use this non-personally identifying information in the aggregate and to troubleshoot technical errors. We do not combine these types of non-personally identifying information with personal identifying information. We may also share aggregated demographic information with our business partners, sponsors, advertisers, and companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Cadence.
Cookies and Web Service Log File Data
We may place a "cookie" or other tracking or information gathering device used in the industry in the browser files of a user's computer. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website. We are able to access only the cookies that we set on your computer, and we are only able to determine the type of computer operating system and browser that you are using. We collect information from cookies and other information gathering devices and log files in the aggregate. We do not link the information collected through cookies or other devices to personal information that users submit online while participating in our activities. Users can set their browsers or third party software to reject cookies. If a user rejects the cookie, the user may be unable to use portions of our web site. Some of the web sites we provide links to also may use cookies.
We have no control over these linked web sites or access to or control over cookies or other technology used by linked web sites.
Security
Cadence has taken steps to ensure that personal identifying information collected in the future is secure, and we have limited the number of people who have access to the information, by electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. Cadence provides links to websites outside of Cadence. These web sites may not have the same privacy policies as Cadence. Cadence takes reasonable care in recommending these websites but is not responsible for their content or privacy policies. We urge users to read the privacy statement of an outside web site when leaving our site and linking to an outside website.
Although we have appropriate security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you via this web site, the Internet and world wide web have inherent risks that we cannot eliminate. Given these risks, users should remain vigilant of any information provided over the Internet.
Other Use of Personal Information Collected
From time to time we may send users e-mail messages regarding information or offers from our partners and companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Cadence. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by contacting use at: Cadence Aerospace, LLC 3150 East Miraloma Avenue, Anaheim, CA 92806 USA.
Questions
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding the Cadence privacy policy or practices, please go to our contact us page and send us an e-mail or write to us at the address stated above.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We will notify you of changes to the Cadence Privacy Policy by posting an updated policy on this web site. You agree that continued use of the web site is an acknowledgment and consent to any terms contained in the then-current Cadence Privacy Policy.
Effective Date
This policy was last updated on April 28, 2014.