http://www.nahan.com/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Please read and review this document carefully before accessing further information on this web site. By proceeding to access this web site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, please do not access or use this web site. Nahan may modify this agreement and its terms and conditions, and such modified agreement shall be effective immediately upon posting. Your continued access to or use of this service shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the agreement and its terms and conditions and any modifications thereto.
ACCURACY
In this site, Nahan has attempted to provide information that is accurate, complete, and reliable as of the time it was published or posted. However, Nahan makes no representation about the suitability of the information contained in the documents or other information published on this site. All such documents and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
DISCLAIMER
Nahan hereby disclaims all warranties with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. Nahan neither makes nor implies a warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of the information provided herein, including, without limitation, information regarding Nahan’s planned or prospective service offerings or service coverage. Nahan disclaims all liability for technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, or other errors or omissions contained within this site. Nahan does not warrant that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components, nor that the access to this site will be uninterrupted or error-free, and Nahan assumes no responsibility for any and all damage caused thereby. By proceeding to access this site, you hereby assume the entire risk of relying upon the information provided herein.
RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Nahan be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, special, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, lost profits, or other damages arising from or in connection with the use, inability to use, or loss of the data contained within this site, whether in an action of contract, negligence, third-party claim, other tortious action, or any other action or claim. This disclaimer applies to any damages, injury or loss caused by any failure in performance, error, defect, interruption, deletion, delay in operation or transmission in the transmission thereof to the user, or for any other claims or losses arising therefrom or occasioned thereby.
SUBMITTING INFORMATION TO NAHAN
Please see our Privacy Policy for general information. Nahan does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this website unless you have a written agreement with Nahan related to the sharing of such information. Any information that Nahan receives through this website, other than aggregate information covered by Nahan’s Privacy Policy or employment applications, is deemed to be NON-CONFIDENTIAL.
BY TRANSMITTING TO NAHAN INFORMATION VIA THIS WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS WITHOUT A WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH NAHAN RELATING TO YOUR SUBMISSION, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NAHAN MAY USE THAT INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER WITHOUT OBLIGATION TO YOU.
CHANGES
Nahan may make changes to the information provided in this site, or to the products or services provided herein, at any time without notice. However, Nahan has no obligation to provide such modifications or updates, or to continue to provide access to this site.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Nahan site may contain links to third party web sites (“linked sites”). The linked sites are not under Nahan’s control, and Nahan is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of, or any link embedded in, any linked site, whether or not Nahan is affiliated with the sponsors of the linked site. You enter a linked site at your own risk. You are responsible for your visit to any linked site and you are expected to read and follow the terms of use and privacy policies posted on any linked site.
Nahan is not responsible for any transmission or product received from any linked site, nor is Nahan responsible if the linked site or any product featured on the site is not functioning, is damaged or is unavailable. Nahan shall not be responsible for slower access speeds while linking to or visiting third party sites (access speeds may vary). Any delivery of and payment for goods and services, any warranties or any other terms of use for a linked site or linked site product, are strictly between you and the third party, and Nahan is not responsible for any transaction between you and a third party. Nahan does not guarantee that the linked sites are suitable for all viewers, therefore viewer discretion is advised.
TERMINATION
Nahan or you may terminate this agreement at any time. You may terminate this agreement by destroying: (a) all materials obtained from www.nahan.com, and (b) all related documentation and all copies and installations (together, the “Materials”). Nahan may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials.
JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Minnesota, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. Except as otherwise described, all materials in this site are made available only for informational purposes. Nahan makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this site from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. If any part of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities.
MISCELLANEOUS
This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site. Nahan can revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting. Nahan products and services are available in many parts of the world. However, this Nahan site may describe products and services that are not available worldwide. This site may be linked to other sites which are not maintained by Nahan. Nahan is not responsible for the content of those sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Nahan.
Get in Touch
Want to learn how our team can help create effective print material that will increase brand awareness, solidify loyalty, and drive sales? Let’s talk about your print and distribution needs.
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Company/BusinessPhoneReason for Contact*Current CustomerProspective CustomerCommunity RelationsJob SeekerOtherNewsletter Signup
Sign up for our Newsletter
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
By submitting this form, Nahan will collect and use information as outlined in our Privacy Policy
Request a Sample Kit
Our Company Culture
Find a Career