http://www.armsreach.com/pages/privacy-policy-terms-of-use
Home
About
Shop
Expand submenu Shop
Collapse submenu Shop
Co-Sleeper Bassinets
Accessories & Bedding
Baby Carriers
TotPocket
Replacement Parts
On Sale
Shop All
Pet Products
Why our bassinets?
Log In
Create Account
Search
Company
Shipping & Returns
Your cart
Close Cart
Arm's Reach Concepts, Inc.
PRIVACY POLICY
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY:
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and to providing a secure and safe shopping experience. If you have any questions at all about our policies, please contact us.
REGISTRATION INFORMATION
What we collect: If you choose to register with us, we collect your email address. We may also request certain demographic information. Providing such information is optional. Why we collect it: We use your email address to send you our newsletter as well as to communicate information of interest such as sales promotions, new products, and events. If at any point you wish to remove yourself from our correspondence list, you may do so by following the instructions at the bottom of each communication. Any demographic information that we collect is used in the aggregate in order to understand the make-up of our customer base and to improve our product selection and service to you. Demographic information is not tied in any way to personally identifiable information.
CHECK-OUT FORM INFORMATION
What we collect: At check-out, we collect contact information (name, address, email address, telephone number) as well as financial information (credit card number, expiration date). Why we collect it: We use this information to process and fulfill your order and to bill you for your purchase. We also use it to communicate with you about your order, such as confirming shipment, contacting you if there are problems, or following up to get feedback on our service. In addition, we use contact information and purchase history (but not financial information) in order to a provide a more personalized shopping experience, such as rewarding existing customers with special offers and alerting you to new products that you might like. Should you not wish to receive these communications, you may opt out of future notices by following the instructions to remove yourself from our correspondence list.
COOKIE
What a cookie is: A cookie is a small piece of data temporarily stored on your computer to establish a "session" and to identify you as you navigate through our site. The cookie is not connected to personally identifiable information. We use session ID cookies, which means that once the user closes the browser, the cookie terminates.Why we use cookies: We use cookies in order to keep track of what items you've put in your shopping cart. We do not link the cookie information to any personally identifiable information that you provide to us. You can control acceptance of cookies using the settings on your web browser. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site to view products and content, but you will be unable to make purchases.
LOG FILE
What we collect: Like most standard web servers, we use log files. We collect information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks.Why we collect it We use this information only in aggregate form and do not link behavior to individual users or correlate it in any way with personally identifiable information. We use the information to monitor site performance and administer the site, to improve the usefulness and effectiveness of our site, to improve our product selection, and to measure the performance of marketing partners.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We take the privacy of our users very seriously and share information only when it is connected with servicing our customers. For example we share information with third-party intermediaries such as shipping companies, credit card processing companies, and suppliers in order to process and fulfill your order. They are allowed to use your information only to perform their functions but not for any other purpose.
We will not sell your information to anyone. If you have opted-out of our email communications, we will not share that email with anyone. Legal Disclaimer: Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
LINKS
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they exit our site and to understand the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
SECURITY
Maintaining the security of your personal information is extremely important to us. Order information is encrypted during transmission using industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology. Off-line information is also protected and is accessible only to those authorized personnel for whom it is necessary to access such information.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide it is necessary to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and to any other place we deem appropriate so that our users are always aware of what information is collected and how it is used or shared. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected unless otherwise permitted by the user.
Arm's Reach Concepts, Inc. TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Thank you for visiting Armsreach.com. We want your experience as our guest to be as rewarding as possible so please review these terms and conditions along with our return policy.
Website Admissions and Trademark
Co-Sleeper® Brand is a registered trademark belonging to Arm's Reach® Concepts. No portion of our store catalog or content can be copied, duplicated, reproduced or otherwise be exploited without the written consent of Arm's Reach®.
Pricing
We reserve the right to change any price at which we offer goods or services and to correct any errors in the pricing contained in our store. We shall have no liability for any such changes or errors and are not bound to fulfill orders at old prices.
Search
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh