http://www.nteinc.com/privacy.php
Worldwide supplier of high quality electrical / electronic components
Call Us:
+800-631-1250
Worldwide supplier of high quality electrical / electronic components
Call Us:
+800-631-1250
Part Number Search
Word Search
Menu
About
Distributor Locator
FAQ's
Contact
Recent News & Additions
Literature & Downloads
QUICKCross Download
SDS sheets
Environmental
Line Card (PDF)
RoHS Compliance
NTE UPC Codes
Distributor Login
NTE Privacy Policy
Personal Information
Throughout the website there are several forms that request information. These forms typically ask for contact information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address) required to process your request. The provision of such information is entirely voluntary. If you elect or opt in to receive information from us, we will ask for a valid email address so we can inform you of other products or services available, or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. You may opt out of receiving future mailings from NTEINC.COM by following the procedures detailed in the Choice/Opt Out section below and in emails you receive from us.
NTEINC is not responsible or liable for any other third party's use of information that you submit to public areas of our websites and we cannot prevent third parties from retaining or using information that you post.
Security
This website has reasonable technical and organizational security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. However, NTEINC cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Monitoring
NTEINC is under no obligation to monitor the conduct of its website users, but it may investigate and respond if violations are reported. We reserve the right to delete, remove or exclude any listing or information, in our sole discretion, that does not meet its intent and guidelines for the services offered on the website.
Changes to Privacy Policy
NTEINC reserves the right to change its privacy policy. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page and will be effective immediately upon posting.
Choice/Opt Out
You may opt out of receiving further communications from us or others through any of the following methods:
Click here to unsubscribe from our email list.
Send a request by mail to:
NTE Electronics, Inc.
44 Farrand Street
Bloomfield, NJ 07003
USA
Home
About
Distributor Locator
FAQ's
Contact
Environmental
QUICKCross
Manufacturing/Usage Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Follow us on:
Copyright © 2020 NTE Electronics, Inc. All rights reserved. NTE® and ECG® are trademarks of NTE Electronics, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owner.
WARNING: Some NTE products can expose you to Cancer and/or Reproductive Harm - www.p65warnings.ca.gov