http://www.dickow.com/privacy-policy.html
MENUHomeServicesInstruction ManualsArea RepsPump CurvesOnline CatalogAbout UsContact UsRequest a Quote
Navigation
SEALLESS PUMPS
Process, ANSI and API-685
Magnetic Coupled Pumps
Hot Oil Circulation
Pumps With Magnetic
Coupling
Side Channel Pumps with
Magnetic Coupling
Vertical Pumps with
Magnetic Coupling
Multistage Centrifugal
Mag Drive
Shaft Sealed Pumps
API 610 Pumps
Process Mechanical Sealed
Pumps
Side Channel Pumps
Vertical Pumps
Multistage Centrifugal
Pumps
MAG-Safe
Temperature
Monitoring SystemWhy Sealless?
Privacy Policy
Dickow Pump Company, Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via sales@dickow.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Dickow Pump Company, Inc.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Dickow Pump Company, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
Dickow Pump Company, Inc.'s website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Dickow Pump Company, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Dickow Pump Company, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Dickow Pump Company, Inc. and is effective as of October 16, 2014. This statement does not create an agreement between Dickow Pump Company, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:
Dickow Pump Company, Inc.
1738 Sands Place
Marietta, GA 30067Toll Free: 877.952.7903
Phone: 770.952.7903
Fax: 770.933.8846
Email: sales@dickow.com
Website: www.dickow.com
Print This PageEmail This Page