http://www.aperfectcareer.co.uk/terms.html
CVs and Resumes
Career Planning
Interview Advice
Job Hunting
Articles
Outplacement
About Us
Testimonials
.
Tel UK: 0871 218 1005
Tel Spain: 00 34 965 771 175
email us
Principal Consultant is a Member of the
Chartered Institute of Personnel & Development
Home Page
Contact Us
Order Form & Fees
Jobs Links
Terms
1.  Contact details
This website is operated by A Perfect Career . The company operates from offices in England and Spain at: the following addresses:-
Briony Avenue, Hale, Altrincham, Cheshire, England
Cale Dentol 5, El Cabo, 03730, Javea, Alicante, Spain
2.  Data Protection and Privacy
2.1 This data protection and privacy policy statement relates to the information provided by you on our web sites
2.2  A Perfect Career
recognises that privacy is important to you. The web sites have security measures in place to attempt to protect clients against loss, misuse and alteration of your user data on the Order Form which is SSL encrypted – widely acknowledged as the best available system for secure e-commerce trading. The encryption process takes the characters you enter on the ‘card payment section’ and converts them into bits of code that are then securely transmitted over the Internet. None of our clients have reported fraudulent use of a credit or debit card as a result of purchases made with us
2.3 A Perfect Career collects information appertaining to career change management services. This includes personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail addresses or other information only when it is voluntarily submitted to us on. We may use this information to provide you with CV advice, career direction, interview advice and outplacement services and for internal purposes only. Only at the specific request of the client would we forward information to a third party
2.4 Please note that by submitting your data you are, unless you have otherwise indicated, consenting to such information being processed for the above listed purposes. Only authorised employees and consultants have access to the information you provide. We impose strict rules on employees and consultants who have access either to databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services.
2.5 The information you give will be kept confidential and held securely once it reaches us. The information will be processed by A Perfect Career
under regulated conditions in line with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998
2.6 A Perfect Caree may store information provided by you on its internal systems, unless you expressly ask us not to do so.
2.7 Whilst we can not guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we make every effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. A Perfect Career will not sell or rent personally identifiable information to any third party for any purpose
2.8 All emails are checked for all known viruses by Symantec Corporation software which is updated daily and no further liability can be accepted
3. Terms and Conditions
Your use of A Perfect Career web site is subject to the following terms and conditions, which you are deemed to accept when you use the web site
3.1 Satisfaction Guarantee
We reserve the right to automatically deem an order to be closed to a client’s satisfaction should we not have heard from them to the contrary after not less than two months have elapsed since our last contact with the client.  This satisfaction guarantee excludes fresh information not previously provided by the client at the time of placing the order.
3.2 Turnaround Times
All orders are processed and a first draft produced within three working days of payment being received and satisfactorily cleared [excluding statutory holidays]. Exceptions to this are the optional express services which provide a ‘within 24 hour’ first draft service
3.3 Payment
Payment is required in full at the time of placing the order. Payments by credit/debit card will be debited on acceptance of your order.
3.4 Cancellation Policy
Except in exceptional circumstances, once an order has been accepted by us, it is not possible to cancel it once service has commenced. Within the UK, all services are deemed to begin, by agreement, before the end of the cooling off period (as defined by UK’s Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000), early delivery being essential to the vast majority of our clients. Furthermore, under the above-mentioned regulations, our services, with the exception of outplacement consultancy, are ‘made to the consumer’s specifications or clearly personalised’ and are therefore exempt
3.5 Interruption and omissions in service
Whilst we try to ensure that the standard of the web sites remains high and to maintain the continuity of it, the internet is not a totally steady medium, and errors, omissions, interruptions of services and delays may occur at any time. We do not accept any liability arising from such errors, omissions, interruptions or delays or any ongoing obligation or responsibility to operate this web site.
3.6 Links to other sites
A Perfect Career provides automatic links to third party web sites which might be of value to you. We do not control such web sites and are not responsible for their content. Inclusion of hyperlinks to such web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material or any association with their operators.
3.7
Intellectual Copyright
All intellectual property right in the design, layout and content of the website's is owned by A Perfect Career. These include, but are not limited to, copyright and rights in registered and unregistered trade marks. The content on the web site is protected by international copyright, software and trademark laws and you agree to use the site(s) in a way that does not infringe these rights. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information obtained from the web site without the written approval of A Perfect Career.
3.8 Use of this the web sites
You may only use this site for lawful purposes when seeking career-related advice. You must not under any circumstances seek to undermine the security of the site or any information submitted to or available through it. In particular, but without limitation, you must not seek to access, alter or delete any information to which you do not have authorised access, seek to overload the system via spamming or flooding, take any action or use any device, routine or software to crash, delay, damage or otherwise interfere with the operation of this site or attempt to decipher, disassemble or modify any of the software, coding or information comprised in the site.
You are solely responsible for any information submitted by you to this site. It is your responsibility to ensure that all information supplied by you is true, accurate, up-to-date and not misleading or likely to mislead or deceive and that it is not discriminatory, obscene, offensive, defamatory or otherwise illegal, unlawful or in breach of any applicable legislation, regulations, guidelines or codes of practice or the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights or any person in any jurisdiction. You are also responsible for ensuring that all information, data and files are free if viruses or other routines or engines that may damage or interfere with any system or data prior to being submitted to this site. We reserve the right to remove any information supplied by you from the web site at our sole discretion, at any time and for any reason without being required to give any explanation..
3.9 Liability
A Perfect Career takes no responsibility for any misrepresentation or legal proceedings caused by the services provided and takes no responsibility for any errors, either content or typographical, that are subsequently found.
We take no responsibility for a client missing a particular application deadline and subsequent loss.
We accept no liability for any loss (whether direct or indirect, for loss of business, revenue or profits, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or for any other indirect or consequential loss whatsoever) arising from your use of the site and we hereby exclude any such liability, whether in contract, tort (including for negligence) or otherwise. We hereby exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this web site and your use of it to the maximum extent permitted by law.
3.10 Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us and keep us indemnified against all cost, expenses, claims, losses, liabilities or proceedings arising from use or misuse by you of these sites. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
3.11 Complaints
Client support and service, and any complaints can be dealt with via e-mail – by emailing helga@aperfectcareer.co.uk
3.12 Changes to terms and conditions and invalidity
We reserve the right to change the terms and conditions under which the web sites are offered. You will be deemed to accept the terms and conditions (as amended) when you next use this site following any amendment
Last updated: October 2009.
Home |
Resumes | Career Change Advice | Interview Advice | Job Hunting | LinkedIn Profiles
Outplacement Consultancy | Articles | About Us | Order Form / Fees | Terms & Privacy
| Site Map |
Copyright © Principal Consultant 1990 - 2013