http://www.alsteartists.com/privacy/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
artists
singers
instrumentalists
conductors
stage directors
ensembles
C & C
coaching
consulting
information
about us
auditions
contact
data privacy
When you access our web pages, you (through technical necessity) transmit data to our web server via your internet browser. The following data is recorded during an ongoing connection for communication between your Internet browser and our web server:
Date and time of the request
Name of the requested file
Page from which the file was requested
Access status (transfer file, file not found, etc.)
used web browser and operating system used
complete IP address of the requesting computer
transferred amount of data
For reasons of technical security, in particular to ward off attacks on our web server, we store this data for a short time. A conclusion to individual persons is not possible on the basis of this data. A comparison with other data or a transfer to third parties, even in excerpts, does not take place. Only in the context of server statistics, u.U. a representation of the number of page views instead.
Contact
When contacting us (for example via contact form or e-mail), personal data is collected. Which data are collected in the case of a contact form can be seen from the respective contact form. These data are stored and used solely for the purpose of answering your request or for establishing contact and the associated technical administration. The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in answering your request in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. If your contact is aimed at concluding a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Google Maps
On our website, we use Google Maps (API) from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Maps is a web service for displaying interactive (land) maps to visually display geographic information. The use of this service will show you our location and facilitate your arrival.When you visit any of the subpages where the Google Maps map is incorporated, information about your use of our website (such as your IP address) is transmitted to Google's servers in the United States and stored there. This is done regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to, or if there is no user account. When you're logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data (even for non-logged-in users) as usage profiles and evaluates them. According to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, such an evaluation is based on the legitimate interests of Google in the display of personalized advertising, market research and / or tailor-made design of its website. You have a right to object to the creation of these User Profiles, and you must be directed to YouTube to use them.US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.If you disagree with the future transmission of your data to Google when using Google Maps, you can also disable the Google Maps web service completely by turning off the JavaScript application in your browser. Google Maps and the map display on this website can not be used.Google's Terms of Use can be viewed at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/regional.html, and the additional Google Maps Terms of Service can be found at https://www.google.com/intl/en_en/help/terms_maps.htmlFor details on privacy related to the use of Google Maps, please visit the Google Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
XING
Our website uses functions of the network XING. The provider of these functions is XING AG, Dammtorstrasse 29-32, 20354 Hamburg. With each access of one of our websites that contains the XING functions, a connection to XING servers will be established. To our knowlege, no storage of personal data will occur. In particular, XING neither stores IP addresses nor evaluates user behaviour.
For further information concerning data protection and the XING share button, please read the XING Privacy Policy under: https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated website YouTube. The provider of the website is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our websites with an embedded YouTube-plugin, a connection to YouTube servers will be established. Information about which of our websites you have visited will then be transmitted to the YouTube server.
If you are logged on to your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your browsing behaviour with your personal profile. You may prevent this by logging out of YouTube.
You will find further information concerning the treatment of user data in the YouTube Privacy Policy under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de
Accept
This site uses cookies. By using this website, you agree to cookies being set. More information