http://www.randstad.com/privacy-statement/
data protection statement
When you visit our website, we collect some information related to your device, your browser and to the way you navigate our content, based on your free and informed consent.
We will use this information to help us manage our website and improve our marketing and communication strategy.
Because some of this information may ultimately relate to you, it is collected, handled and secured in accordance with the Dutch data protection legislation (meaning the Wet Bescherming Persoonsgegevens (WBP) and, as per 25 May 2018, with the General Data Protection Regulation, Regulation(EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016).
Randstad N.V., registered at Diemermere 25, Diemen, The Netherlands (“Randstad”or “we”), is the controller of the personal data  (“controller” within the meaning of the Dutch data protection legislation) collected from the website www.randstad.com and its subdomains (“our website”).
This statement applies to the visitors (“visitors”, “you”) of our website.
what information will we collect?
1)When you visit our website, we gather information that relates to your device, your browser and to the way you navigate our website content, such as:
the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your device
the IP address of your Internet Service Provider
device screen resolution;
device type (unique device identifiers), browser and operating system versions;
geographic location (country only);
preferred language used to display
the date and time of access to the website
the internet address from which you were directly linked through to our website, the control system that you use
the parts of the website that you visit
the pages of the website that you have visited and the information that you viewed
the hyperlinks you have clicked
information on the types of appliance that you used for your visit to the site
the material that you send to or download from our  website
2) If you choose to download our reports or white papers; or to subscribe to our newsletter news, events and alerts; or submit an inquiry we may ask you to fill out a form with information such as your name, e-mail address, job title and company. From this point, we will be able to relate the information listed above about your device, your browser and to the way you navigate our website content directly to you.
for what purposes will we use the information related to our website visitors?
We will use information that relates to your device, your browser and to the way you navigate our website content primarily to manage the website and for system administration purposes.
We will use this information  for web analytics, to help us make decisions related to the content we present and how we present it (for instance, we can present you with content that relates to Randstad in the country from where you are accessing our website), in order to improve our website and provide our visitors with a better browsing experience.
If you choose to download our reports or white papers or to subscribe to news, events and alerts, we will use the information you provide us to send you the content requested, to communicate with you (including, where you agree, to send you related information that might be of your interest) and to improve our marketing and communication strategy.
If you choose to submit an inquiry, we will use the information you provide us to follow up on your request.
On what legal basis will we process information related to our visitors?
We will only collect and further process information related to you based on your informed consent and on our legitimate interest of improving our marketing and communications strategy.
how we will handle your information?
To help us collecting and analysing information related to the way our visitors use our website we use cookies and web analytics tools. We will use this information on an aggregated level (in a way that can no longer be related back to you) unless you choose to download our reports or white papers or subscribe to our newsletter, in which case we will be able to relate the information about your device, your browser and to the way you navigate our website content directly to you we will use the information you provide us to .
Cookies are small text files that will be stored in your in your device via your browser, primarily to enhance the convenience of using the site, to make visiting our website attractive and to enable certain functions. You can read more about this in our cookie statement.
Web analytics refers to the analysis of website traffic and browsing trends that can help us understand how our visitors browse through our website.
We and our service providers have various security measures in place to protect the information we get when you browse our website as well as the information you provide us when download our reports or white papers; or to register to news, events and alerts; or submit an inquiry. For example, we use encryption, firewalls, intrusion detection software and manual security procedures to help protect the accuracy and security of the data we hold. However, the Internet is not 100% secure, and therefore we cannot promise that the transmission of data over the Internet will always be secure. We, therefore, encourage you to use caution when using the Internet.
for how long we will keep your information
The information we collect related to your device, your browser and to the way you navigate our website content for web analysis purposes is only kept on an aggregated level. This means that once collected, this information is combined with other related information in a way that it is no longer possible to identify the person to whom it relates to anymore.
The information you provide us when you download our reports or white papers or when you register to news, events and alerts is kept for 2 years after last contact.
However, information related to some inquiries (such as those related to compliance) may be kept for a longer retention period subject to applicable law.
with whom we will share your information
We may share your information with other Randstad Group companies within the framework of Randstad’s global brand and marketing strategy.
Our third parties service providers who carry out certain tasks on our behalf and according to our instructions may also have access to information related to our website visitors, to the extent necessary to provide us with their services. These third parties include our IT service providers, which carry out tasks in the fields of hosting, database management, website management, maintenance services, alert services, web analyses and the handling of incoming inquiries and data analyses.
Our website uses analytics tools provided by specialized third parties to help us diagnose technical problems, analyse the traffic to our website, analyse trends, observe and measure how our visitors engage with our website.
Randstad Group Companies, our third parties services providers and the analytics tools providers we use may have access to the information related to your device, your browser and to the way you navigate our content in accordance with this statement from different countries, including in countries outside the European Union.
We have put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data is adequately protected.
your data protection rights
You may, at any time, request us to:
Review the information we hold about you;
Correct this information if it is factually wrong;
Erase your personal data or restrict the processing concerning of personal data concerning to you;
Receive the personal data which you have provided us via the forms, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format
We will deal with your request with special care to ensure your rights can be exercised effectively. We may ask you for proof of identity to ensure that we are not sharing your personal data with anyone else but yourself!
You must be aware that, in particular cases (for instance, due to legal requirements) we may not be able to make your request effective right away.
In any case, within one month from your request, we will inform you on the actions taken.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory data protection authority.
how you can withdraw your consent
If you register to receive news, events and alerts, or reports, you can always withdraw your consent and opt-out from receiving further communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in each email.
You can prevent your browser to store cookies in your browser settings.
You can also delete the cookies from your device at any time via the browser settings.
However, you must understand that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal nor further processing of the same data under other legal basis such as contract or compliance with a legal obligation to which Randstad is subject.
changes to the Data Protection Statement
We may update the Data Protection Statement from time to time. You can see the date on which the last change was made below in this statement. We advise you to review our data protection statement on a regular basis so that you are aware of any changes.
contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or any privacy concerns, or would like to exercise your rights, or obtain further information about the safeguards we have in place so that your personal data is adequately protected when transferred outside Europe, please contact us at privacyofficer@randstad.com.
This statement was updated on: 5 April 2018.
International association of privacy professionals.