http://www.supportkids.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
SUPPORTKIDS
Get Started
Sign In
Home
Compare
How It Works
Our Fees
What Clients Are Saying
About Us
FAQ
View All
Our Services
Client Information
Child Support
My Account
Sign Out
Sign In
Privacy Policy
1. Our Commitment to You
Supportkids Services, Inc. ("Supportkids") wants your online experience with us
to fulfill your needs and exceed your expectations for information, safety, and
privacy. We know you care about how your personal information is collected, used,
and shared, and we are committed to ensuring your privacy as a customer and guest
as set forth below.
We designed the website located at www.supportkids.com to be a user-driven, interactive
website. To accomplish this, we need information from you. We may ask for basic
information, such as your name, state of residence, and email address. We may also
ask for specific information about your current situation and challenges you are
having. Our goal is to tailor the site content and online experience to your specific
needs and questions. This Privacy Policy describes our policies and practices with
respect to our use of that information that you provide.
Supportkids is your one-stop online resource for child support issues. We ask you
for information to provide the best online experience possible. Your information
allows us to create a personalized experience just for you. With this information,
we can direct you to options and content specific to your needs. As we also provide
online purchasing capabilities, your credit card number and related information
may be necessary to complete online transactions.
2. Definitions
Information collected online is often defined as being either anonymous or personally
identifiable:
Anonymous information: This is information that cannot be tied
back to a specific individual. For example, when you visit our home page,
www.supportkids.com
, we do not know your name, email address, where you
live, or your date of birth. You are anonymous to us. If you never register on our
site, we never collect more than anonymous information about you.
Personally-identifiable information: This is information that lets
us know specifics of who you are such as your name, email address, postal address,
and information about your situation. With this information, Supportkids can provide
personalized and enhanced services not available to anonymous users. When we ask
for this information, we tell you why we are asking for it, and what we plan to
do with it. For example, we need the information in our online application to be
fully prepared to collect your unpaid child support. In most situations, the more
information you supply, the higher the quality of your interactive experience, and
the better we are able to supply you with quality resources and services.
The choice of how much personally-identifiable information you share with Supportkids
is completely up to you. We only receive personally-identifiable
information about you if you register on our site and provide the information. We
track this information so that you do not have to reenter pertinent parts of it
in the future.
3. Our Commitment to Your Family
Like you, we at Supportkids have children of our own and are concerned about their
safety when they use the Internet. Because we want you and your family to be safe
while visiting our website, we have established the following guidelines for how
we interact with children when they access our site:
Consistent with the Federal Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA),
we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone
under the age of 13 without first requesting parental consent.
Some actions, however, are beyond our control and it is up to the child's parent
or guardian to monitor the actions of minors on the Internet and to counsel minors
from disclosing information. For instance, we cannot prevent a minor from disclosing
his or her age in un-moderated online chat sessions. You, however, can counsel against
behavior like this. For more information about protecting the privacy and safety
of minors online, we recommend you visit Children's Online Privacy: A Resource Guide for Parents page
on the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse site for information and links to additional
resources on this subject.
4. What personally identifiable information of yours is collected?
To create a personalized experience and a better match of our solutions to your
needs, we may ask you to submit information such as your name and/or email address,
as well as information about your current situation. You never have to answer these
questions and can decline the information exchange any time. If you choose not to
provide requested information, however, we will not be able to provide information
specific to your present needs. You will be able to browse the website and access
general information on the website without providing any personal information, but
customized navigation programs and tailored content will not be available.
Many of the features available within the website are enabled with "cookies." When
you visit www.supportkids.com, we will assign your Internet browser (such as Firefox®
or Microsoft Internet Explorer™) a unique identification number stored in a
file on your computer called a "cookie." Cookies by themselves cannot be used to
discover your identity or information about you. This unique identification number
automatically identifies your browser, not you, to our computers when you interact
on one of our Internet sites.
If you do register on the website, we will collect and maintain all of the information
that you have submitted. This information may include your name, address, email
address, social security number, age, information regarding your children, and other
demographic information. We maintain this information for business purposes and
will use it in the ways discussed below.
5. How is the information used?
Our website has been designed to create personalized services for people who choose
to use them. We use the information you provide to help you solve a problem, such
as what to do about unpaid child support. The nature of the information we provide
is specific to your circumstances. The information we request is used to provide
you with choices and solutions.
If we determine that Supportkids or another affiliated company can provide products
or services matching your specific needs, we may share your information with these
affiliated companies so that they may provide you with information about a specific
product that may be useful to you. Supportkids is affiliated with several companies
that provide a range of products and services that may benefit you.
From time to time, as marketing opportunities arise with trusted third-party companies,
Supportkids may share your name, address, or email address after a review of the
offers and methods of delivery. Sharing information will be done only through reputable
third parties who have safeguards in place. Supportkids screens all companies who
request information and reserves the right of refusal on any opportunity if the
third party does not meet certain standards. Supportkids will also cross-market
between its affiliated companies and others.
You will always be given the opportunity to decline or "opt-out" from receiving
this information. We will monitor actions of our site users to determine what our
customers do and do not want.
If you choose to receive periodic email notices from us, we will send emails pertaining
to new Supportkids information, products, services, and partnerships. We will send
information in every email that will tell you how to remove yourself from the email
list.
6. Information distribution
If you are providing personally identifiable information within a registration page,
it will only be used within our website or that of an affiliated company as noted
above.
Although unlikely, Supportkids may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities
to provide personally identifiable information to appropriate governmental authorities.
If requested as part of a legal proceeding, we will provide this information upon
receipt of the appropriate documentation. We will never do this as a standard course
of action, and we will attempt to be judicious in providing such information.
Information you provide while using products such as message boards and chat rooms
is available for all users to see. Please use discretion when entering personally
identifiable information within such forums. Such information may be collected by
third parties and result in a source of unwanted email. Supportkids does not associate
any information entered in our message boards or chat rooms with customer records.
We will work diligently with our strategic partners to ensure that you receive the
same level of privacy protection from everyone involved with Supportkids. Please
note, however, that we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and
other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described
in this Privacy Policy. For example, and without limiting the foregoing, in addition
to being required by law enforcement or governmental authority to disclose certain
personal information, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmission
or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information
that they collect from the website.
7. What security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration
of information under the company's control?
Supportkids operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall
and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically
reviewed and enhanced, and only authorized individuals have access to the information
provided by our customers.
All data transmissions on our site are encrypted before they are sent, either to
you from us or from us to you. We do this to ensure that no one can intercept your
transactions with us and read this information.
8. Enforcement
If for some reason you believe Supportkids has not adhered to the principles of
this Privacy Policy, please notify us by email at
webmaster@supportkids.com
,
and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly.
Limitations of Warranties and Remedies.
To the full extent allowed by law, Supportkids disclaims all warranties, terms or
conditions, express or implied, either in fact or by operation of law, statutory
or otherwise, including warranties, terms, or conditions of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, and warranty of noninfringement. Supportkids neither assumes
nor authorizes any other person to assume for it any other liability in connection
with the sale and use of its goods or services. In no event will Supportkids be
liable for any incidental, consequential, punitive or special damages, including,
without limitation, lost profit or revenues, even if Supportkids has, or should
have had, any knowledge, actual or constructive, of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold
harmless Supportkids and its officers and employees (the "Supportkids Parties")
against any and all third party claims, suits, costs, losses, liabilities, and expenses
of any kind (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that the Supportkids Parties
may incur arising out of or resulting from the use of the website or any of the
products and services of Supportkids.
Choice of Law and Venue.
This Privacy Policy will be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of
the state of Texas without application of choice-of-law provisions that would require
application of the laws of another jurisdiction. By entering into this Privacy Policy,
all parties irrevocably submit themselves to the exclusive venue and personal jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts in Dallas County, Texas with regard to any dispute
relating to this Privacy Policy or its enforcement. The parties also hereby waive
any challenge to venue and personal jurisdiction they may have to a lawsuit filed
in a state or federal court in Dallas County, Texas, relating to a dispute between
the parties relating to this Privacy Policy or its enforcement.
Severability. If any provision of this Privacy Policy
is found to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability
of any of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired and
a valid, legal, and enforceable provision of similar intent and economic impact
will be substituted therefore.
Additional Provisions Regarding Liability. You and Supportkids
agree that the foregoing limitations will not be read so as to limit any liability
to an extent that would not be permitted under applicable law and specifically will
not limit any liability for gross negligence, intentional tortious, or unlawful
conduct or damages for strict liability that may not be limited by law.
Notices. Any notices or communication sent by you to Supportkids
pursuant to this Privacy Policy will be in writing and sent to the address specified
herein or such other address as Supportkids may specify in writing.
All notices shall be sent to:
Supportkids Services, Inc
Attn: Privacy Policy
P.O. Box 18988
Austin, TX 78760-8988
9. Additional Information
Links. The website may contain links to other sites. However,
please be aware that Supportkids is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy
policies of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the website,
and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally-identifiable
information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this
website and not of any third party websites, including the websites of any affiliated
companies.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes. We reserve the
right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and you may visit this page to
learn of our revised Privacy Policy. All such changes shall be binding on you 14
calendar days after they are initially posted on the website unless you are a new
user, in which case they are binding on you immediately.
Choice/Opt-Out. Any customer may opt out of receiving
email communications from Supportkids at any time by contacting us via email at
opt-out@supportkids.com
.
Business Transition. In the event we go through a business
transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or
a portion of our assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be
among the assets transferred.
Contact Us. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding
our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
webmaster@supportkids.com
More Information
About Us
Child Support Calculator
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Join Us On