http://www.lucozade.com/terms-of-use/
TERMS OF USE
This page tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website LRS.uk (our website), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the website. By using our website, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. This website is for use by UK residents over 16 only. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our website.Information about us Our website is operated by Lucozade Ribena Suntory Limited (""LRSL""). LRSL is registered in England and Wales under company number 8603549 and has its registered office at 2 Longwalk Road, Stockley Park, Uxbridge, United Kingdom.Accessing our websiteAccess to our website is permitted on a temporary basis, and LRSL reserves the right to withdraw or amend the service provided on our website without notice (see below). LRSL will not be liable if for any reason our website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our website, or our entire website, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person. LRSL has the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use or for any other reason.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.Intellectual property rightsBy using our website you acknowledge that LRSL is the owner and/or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our website, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws, trade mark laws, (registered) design laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our website for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our website.
You may not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you may not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our website must always be acknowledged. You may not use any part of the materials on our website for commercial purposes without obtaining a prior written license or consent to do so from LRSL.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.Health Care Advice Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that health care advice on this website is correct and up to date, the advice given on this website is of a general nature only and LRSL makes no claims or warranties as to its accuracy, or usefulness; such information should not be relied upon by any particular individual or for any specific purpose. Specific medical advice should always be sought from a qualified medical practitioner.Reliance on information postedCommentary and other materials posted on our website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. LRSL therefore disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.Our website changes regularlyWe aim to update our website regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our website, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our website may be out of date at any given time, and LRSL is under no obligation to update such material.Our liabilityThe material displayed on our website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude: All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute or any applicable law. Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for: loss of income or revenue; loss of business; loss of profits or contracts; loss of anticipated savings; loss of data; loss of goodwill; wasted management or office time; any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable. This does not affect any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that healthcare advice on our website is correct and up to date, the advice given on this website is of general nature only and LRSL makes no claims or warranties as to its accuracy, or usefulness; such information should not be relied upon by any particular individual or for any specific purpose. Specific medical advice should always be sought from a qualified medial practitioner.Information about you and your visitors to our websiteBy using our website, you consent that LRSL may processes information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy lucozade.com/privacy-policy/ and you warrant that all information provided by you to the website is accurate.Uploading any material to our website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and LRSL has the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. LRSL also has the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property, privacy or other rights. LRSL will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our website.
You must not post or upload to the website materials that are inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, offensive, pornographic or otherwise unlawful. We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our website if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with our terms and conditions, or for any other reason. Materials posted to Lucozade and/or Ribena social media channels in breach of these terms of use will be removed. Users consistently posting material in breaches of these terms of use may be blocked from those channels.Viruses, hacking and other offencesYou must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our website. You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. Please note that other website visitors may post messages or make statements that are inaccurate, misleading, deceptive, offensive, pornographic or otherwise unlawful. LRSL does not endorse or is not responsible for any opinion, advice, information or statements made by third parties and results obtained by using any such messages or statements and, generally, does not accept any liability for any messages, statements or other materials posted or uploaded to the website by other website visitors.By posting or uploading materials in breach of these terms of use, you might commit a criminal offence under the relevant applicable laws. LRSL may report any apparent breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of an apparent breach (in our opinion, which is final), your right to use our website will cease immediately. LRSL will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.Linking to our websiteYou may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part except with our prior written approval.
You must not establish a link to our website from any website that is not owned by you.
Our website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of our website other than the home page. LRSL reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with our terms of use.
If you wish to make any use of material on our website other than that set out above, please address your request to the LRSL contact person for this website lucozade.com/contact/.Links from our website Where our website contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.Accessibility statementMany Internet users with disabilities find web sites difficult or even impossible to use simply because of the way they are designed. We are working hard to provide access to information that is available to all our consumers, and this goes for the website, too. We are aware of the types of adaptive technology used by people with disabilities and are redesigning pages across our portfolio of websites to ensure compatibility with as many of these systems as possible. Changes include keeping text clear, formatting layouts and tables, and making sure links adequately describe where they go ('click here' does not mean much in isolation).Jurisdiction and applicable lawThe English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our website, although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these terms of use in your country of residence or any other relevant country. These terms of use and all disputes under or in relation to them or your use of our website are governed by English law.VariationsLRSL may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our website.Your concernsIf you have any concerns about material which appears on our website, please contact the LRSL contact person for this website lucozade.com/contact/.Thank you for visiting our website.