https://www.sneezeguard.com/privacy.php?osCsid=p43takgkie6er3mvhfi6lj26j7
Contact Us
Helpful Terminology
My Wishlist
(0) items
Shopping Cart
(0) items
Privacy Notice
Information We Collect
The information we gather from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at sneezeguard.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but this can limit your access to many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
By providing your email address you agree to receive marketing emails from sneezeguard.com and may unsubscribe at any time. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use cookies, and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses sneezeguard.com.
Cookies
Sneezeguard.com uses "cookies" to improve our customer's shopping experience. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided.
Information Sharing
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are NOT in the business of selling it to others.
We work in conjunction with other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering orders, and processing credit card payments. They have access to address information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of sneezeguard.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Information Security
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off and close your browser window when finished using a shared computer.
×
BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
When ordering at ADM Sneezeguards, you will get the Best Price Guarantee. If you can find a better price, not only we will match it, but we will even give you an additional 5% discount off of the matched price !
×
YOUR EMAIL IS NEEDED
To save or print we need you email address and you will also be added to our mailing list for future sales, discounts and new products.....
*Please enter name and email
*By completing this form you are signing up to receive our emails and can unsubscribe at anytime.....
Tweet
Copyright©2020
ADM Sneezeguards A division of Advanced Design Manufacturing L.L.C. |
Shipping and Return
| Privacy Notice
|
Custom Library
|
Terms of Use
|
Projects
|
Archive
|
Dealer Inquiries
|
Trade Show Display Program
|
Sneeze guard Layout Design
|
Report an Issue
Advanced Design Mfg. L.L.C. d.b.a. ADM Sneezeguards is listed and certified as a custom sneezeguard manufacturer by N.S.F., all style numbers and names of units shown on this website and subsequent literature are strictly for reference purposes only.
sneeze guard portable, Sneeze guard, Glass Barriers for office, sneeze barrier, Sneezeguard, sneeze shieldssneeze guard for office, Sneeze guard, Glass Barriers for BanksSneeze guardcorona virus sneeze barrier, Sneeze Guard for Restaurants, covid 19 sneeze barrier, Glass barrier, Barrier, sneeze guardsSneeze guard, Glass barrier, Barrier, sneeze guards for Grocery
ADM Sneezeguards provides a huge variety of fully customizable sneeze guard portable. We are 100% American made and built, right here in California, United States. All of our in stock products can be customized and ordered online. Buy online products related to sneeze guard barrier Shield for Restaurants, sneeze barriers portable for offices, Hospitals, Grocery stores, Super markets, Desktop products on sneezeguard.com for reduce Germs and Virus. Our thousands of available sneeze guard Barriers products, is for your business needs to function at its best. We have elaborate our selection of supplies and commercial sneeze guard posts and parts equipment to include Restaurant, healthcare, educational, and hotel supplies. ADM Sneezeguards was founded in Antioch, California as a business-to-business (B2B) sales company. The company established the business in 1988 with amazing Glass Models and Designs.