https://www.dnvgl.com/terms/index.html
DNVGL.com uses cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By browsing the site you agree to our use of cookies. You can click “Close” to remove this message. For more information please visit our cookie information page.
Close
DNVGL.com
This website is owned and operated by DNV GL AS, a Norwegian registered limited company, registration number 945 748 931, with the registered address at Veritasveien 1, 1322 Høvik, Norway.  The DNV GL Group consists of DNV GL Group AS and its various subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.  For the use of this website only, terms such as “DNV GL”, “organization”, “company”, “we”, “our” and “its” shall be read and construed as if they only apply to the applicable individual legal entity within the DNV GL Group. Nothing on this website is intended to grant or imply joint liability of the legal entities within the DNV GL Group of Companies and each shall maintain individual corporate personality.These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of Norway, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. Any disputes arising under or in connection with your visit to this website or the use of information and material available on or through the website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Oslo, Norway. These terms and conditions, including the choice of law and legal venue clause, applies correspondingly to any local language version of the website.Copyright statementThe website is subject to DNV GL copyright. All rights reserved. No part of the website may be reproduced, transmitted or copied in any form or by any means, including uploading on the internet, without the prior written consent of DNV GL.DNV GL holds necessary rights to all information and materials made available by DNV GL on the website unless otherwise stated or following from the context. Unless otherwise following from the context, any right to download material is for internal use and for non-commercial purposes only, and does not include the right to copy, distribute further or modify.DNV GL and the horizon mark are registered trademarks of DNV GL AS.Personal Data protection Our Privacy Statement applies to any personal data or content shared on this Website.DNV GL rules and standards and other service documentsThe content of the DNV GL service documents made available to you for downloading is subject to intellectual property rights reserved by DNV GL. You are granted a right to download the documents in electronic format and a right to use the documents for your internal purposes with the following restrictions:The right to use does not include any right to copy, modify or further distribute any of these documents, including by uploading any of these documents to the internet and/or an intranet without DNV GL’s explicit prior written consent.By downloading the documents, you acknowledge and accept that user restrictions may apply to some of the documents. Such user restrictions will be found on the front page of the relevant documents and will typically restrict your ability to use the documents to offer classification, certification and/or verification services, including the issuance of certificates and/or declarations of conformity. The user restrictions will be deemed to be understood and accepted upon downloading of the documents.DNV GL is not responsible for the consequences arising from any use of these documents.Disclaimer of endorsementThe inclusion of links or pointers to websites other than DNV GL websites is not intended to assign importance to those sites and the information contained therein, nor is it intended to endorse, recommend, or favor any views expressed, or commercial products or services offered on these outside sites, or the organisations sponsoring the sites, by trade name, trademark, manufacture, or otherwise. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites you do so entirely at your own risk.Reference on the website to any specific commercial product, process, or service, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for your information and convenience only, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, certification or other endorsement by DNV GL.The views and opinions of authors expressed on the website do not necessarily state or reflect those of DNV GL, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.DisclaimerReasonable efforts are made to provide accurate and complete information on the website. However, DNV GL makes no claims, warranties or guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, completeness or adequacy of the contents of material and information made available on or through the website and expressly disclaims and excludes all liability in connection with the access and use of this website including but not limited to any liability for errors, incompleteness and omissions in material or information made available or generated on or through the website. Unless otherwise explicitly agreed and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the website and everything made available on or through the website is provided "as is" without warranty or assurance of any kind. This applies whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchant-ability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Contracts not related to the websiteUnless explicitly acknowledged by DNV GL in the contract in question, no information, statements, representations or materials on this website shall be deemed to be relevant for the interpretation of any contracts entered into with DNV GL which are not related to the website and the use thereof.