http://www.rcu.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Open an Account
Need a Loan?
Great Rates
Lobbies Open By Appointment - See details.
close
Website Terms of Use and Accessibility Statement
Royal Credit Union (“Royal”) is pleased to provide the website in the domain rcu.org (the “Site”) and Online Banking in the domain rcuonline.org (“Online Banking” and together with the Site, the “Websites”). The Websites are provided subject to these Website Terms of Use and Accessibility Statement (the “Terms of Use”). Please review the Terms of Use carefully, as any use of the Websites constitutes your agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein, including but not limited to Royal’s Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions contained in this Terms of Use, please exit the Websites immediately.
WEBSITE USAGE
Use Restrictions: Your Indemnification of Royal
The Websites are intended to provide Members of Royal and users of the Websites (collectively, "you") easy access to information about Royal. Royal grants you a nonexclusive, revocable license to copy or print an unaltered permanent copy of information on the Websites for personal, non-commercial purposes only. You may not otherwise copy, modify, publicly distribute or display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell anything obtained on the Websites. You agree that you will not alter any information on the Websites and will not use the Websites or any information obtained from the Websites for any wrongful, unauthorized or unlawful purpose and agree to indemnify and hold Royal and our affiliates harmless from and against any loss, damage or expense (including attorneys’ fees) incurred because of any such use.
Online Banking
Enrollment in and usage of Online Banking constitutes your understanding of, and agreement with, applicable requirements, including but not limited to requirements set forth herein. Upon enrollment in Online Banking, and periodically when logging in to Online Banking, you will be presented with Royal’s Electronic Communications Disclosure and Consent (the “ECD”) . Online Banking is only accessible and available to Members who agree and consent to the ECD. By accepting the ECD, you are indicating your consent to receive via electronic means any required communication from Royal, including but not limited to tax statements and tax documents, required disclosures, and eStatements. Royal will send email notification of tax statement, tax document, and periodic account statement availability to Online Banking users, and such documents may be accessed in Online Banking. You may opt-out of receiving electronic communication by visiting Royal in person or by contacting us at 1-800-341-9911.
Website Accessibility Statement
Royal is committed to ensuring that the Websites are accessible to everyone.  Royal aims to promote accessibility and inclusion.  Royal continuously seeks to enhance the Websites, and increase the accessibility of the digital content on the Websites for all users and Members, and applying the relevant accessibility standards.  If you have an accessibility-related question or comment, or if you are having difficulty accessing information or content on the Websites, please use one of the methods below to contact Royal:
Contact by phone at 1-800-341-9911
Contact via email at member_service@rcu.org
Visit one of Royal’s branches
Royal will provide you with the information you need through alternative means and will work to rectify any accessibility-related issues raised.  Royal tries to respond to feedback within two business days .  Although Royal is proud of the efforts completed and that are in progress, Royal views accessibility as an ongoing and continuous effort.
GENERAL TERMS
Privacy
Royal understands that you are concerned about privacy. For information about how Royal treats information that you provide through the Websites, please review Royal’s Privacy Notice, which is fully incorporated herein.
Information Accuracy—No Warranties
All information on the Websites is either generated by Royal or obtained from sources believed by Royal to be accurate and reliable as of the date posted on the Websites. However, because of the possibility of human and mechanical error, delayed updates, as well as other factors such as the difficulty of securing a website from unauthorized alterations or the occurrence of a system breakdown or other unavailability, neither Royal nor any of its affiliates provides any representations or warranties regarding the Websites or any information contained on the Websites.
The Websites and all information contained on the Websites is provided "AS IS" and with all faults.  Royal makes no representations and disclaims all implied warranties of every kind, including warranties or any duties (if any) as to accuracy, timeliness, completeness, suitability, availability, merchantability and fitness for any particular purpose. Royal does not provide any warranty against infringement or of quiet enjoyment, and make no express warranties whatsoever.
Links to Other Sites
The Websites contain links to other sites or domains. Some of the links on the Websites will take you off the Websites to a third party or co-branded site or domain where you may see the Royal logo as well as the logo of another service provider. Any information you provide to a third party and co-branded site or domain is collected by the third party service provider. Each of these third party and co-branded sites or domains has a separate privacy statement. Royal is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites owned by other companies. Royal recommends that you carefully review the privacy notice for each of the websites you visit because Royal has no control over the privacy practices or content of these linked sites. When you leave the Websites and go to a linked website, Royal is not responsible for the content or availability of the linked website. Please be advised that if you enter into a transaction on the third-party website, Royal does not represent either the third party or you.
The Websites also have links to fully branded service provider sites or domains. As you view information on a fully branded site or domain, you will see a change in the URL, but the pages appear as the Websites’ and the service provider is not identified. All information collected on fully branded sites is used by Royal only, and is not shared or used for any purpose other than processing your application and providing the requested service, but such information may be transferred as part of an acquisition or an insolvency proceeding.
Computer Virus Information
It is possible to contract a computer virus or other malicious code by using the Internet or materials downloaded from it. Royal cannot assure you that the Websites and any software or other information downloaded from the Websites will be virus or problem free.  Royal disclaims any liability (if any) for viruses or similar problems. Royal attempts to maintain the Websites virus free, but cannot assure such efforts are always successful.
No Incidental or Consequential Damages
To the full extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that neither Royal nor any of its affiliates will be liable to you and/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to lost profits or lost opportunity), or any other indirect, special, or punitive damages whatsoever, that arise out of or are related to the Websites, or any use of the Websites or information on the Websites, even if Royal has been advised of the possibility of such damages. This exclusion of damages includes damages claimed in any cause of action, including but not limited to legal or equitable proceedings and claims relating to contract, tort products liability.
Limitation on Damages and Exclusive Remedy
You agree that your recovery for any allowable damages will be limited to those that you incur in actual reliance and shall be limited, at Royal’s election, to: (1) a refund of any amount (if any) you paid for information from the Websites or for any use that caused a problem or (2) correction or replacement of the information. Any failure or unconscionability of any remedy does not affect the enforceability of the limitations on and exclusions of consequential, incidental and other damages, and you expressly agree that those limitations and exclusions are independent of the performance of any or all agreed remedies. All limitations will apply to all legal and equitable theories, including but not limited to contract, tort and products liability.
Changes and Availability
Royal reserves the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time without prior notice to you. Each time you visit the Websites, you agree to check for changes to the Terms of Use. Your use of the Websites constitutes your agreement to the Terms of Use. Royal reserves the right to terminate the Websites or your license, make access unavailable, and change the Websites’ content, with or without reason or notice at any time.
GOVERNING LAW, FORUM, STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS, ETC.
The Terms of Use is governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin, U.S.A. You consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Websites, any use of the Websites, or any information on the Websites. You agree that a printed or electronic version of the Terms of Use (as amended from time to time) will be admissible in any judicial or administrative proceedings to the same extent as paper records. If you ever believe Royal has not adhered to the Terms of Use or Royal is liable for any other reason, please contact Royal immediately. If you feel compelled to bring a legal proceeding against Royal, you must do so within one (1) year of the date you have a right to bring such proceeding. Any clause of the Terms of Use declared invalid shall be deemed severable and not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder.