https://www.advantageballoons.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content HomeEvent TypesServicesRooftop BalloonsContact
HomeEvent TypesServicesRooftop BalloonsContact Terms & Conditions
This information is set forth in order to eliminate misunderstandings and help ensure that your event will be a success. We ask that you review these points carefully, as upon doing business with us, you hereby accept the following terms and conditions. Artwork:Customer warrants that any customer supplied text or artwork does not contain any false, misleading, or libelous material and that the display of same does not constitute infringement of any rights under copyright, trademark, unfair competition and similar laws. Customer agrees to accept full responsibility and financial liability for obtaining proper authorization to use copy written material or the fines and repercussions of using unlicensed copy written material.Authorized Signature:Person signing this agreement hereby states that he/she has full authority to enter into a contractual agreement on behalf of the customer and guarantees payments of this agreement.Cancellations:Cancellations must be submitted and approved at least 5 business days before the delivery or event date. You must email info@advantageballoons.com and/or your Advantage Balloon representative’s email. The email must contain the order information such as event date, job description, cancellation reason, and a call back number.Disposition of Finished Goods:Finished products must be picked up within the scheduled pick up time. Pick up time must be scheduled during the order process. If no pick up time is scheduled, you will be notified of order completion. After the scheduled pick up time, and the product is still in our possession, we may dispose of the same at our discretion. All money collected will be applied as money earned. Please call ahead if you will be late to pick up.Failed Payment:If a check tendered for payment is not honored by the bank for nonsufficient funds (NSF), it will not be redeposited. If the bank does not clear your check, you will incur a fee of $25. Visa, MasterCard, and American Express transactions that are not approved or declined will also be subject to a $25 handling fee. You must immediately send a certified check or money order for the amount due, including the NSF fee, to Advantage Balloons & Promotions to cover returned check or credit card transaction. Postdated checks are not an acceptable form of payment. Invoices past due over 90 days may be released to a collection agency, or subject to repossession.Installation:Customer grants our company the right to take necessary steps to secure our products and services to designated structures or areas. Installation may require drilling or various attachments including but not limited to screws, nails, eyebolts, adhesives, etc. Any limitations must be disclosed of during the ordering process. Some procedures may need on-site approval or verification before proceeding with the job. Customer shall hold harmless the company for any liability by reason of damage to property or injury to person caused by the installation our products, or any part thereof after any customer modifications have been made. The company assumes no responsibility for preexisting conditions which may affect installation.Liability:Performance of this agreement by the company is contingent upon strikes, wars, fires, uncontrollable delays from manufacturer, suppliers or transit, acts of God, governmental regulations, or other events beyond its control and shall not be liable for any loss suffered by the client as a result of any such event.Partial Invalidity:Should any term, condition, or provision of this agreement be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms of this agreement shall remain in full force and shall stand as if the unenforceable part did not exist.Permits:Some local governments require permits for or restrict the use of certain promotional items. We will assist in complying with these requirements, but these clearances remain customer’s responsibility.Privacy:We are committed to privacy and security. All customer information is considered confidential and will not be sold or rented to any third party. Some information may be shared with third party apps that we use for invoicing and customer management. We are not responsible for security of email conversations. Their security cannot be guaranteed, as we do not control the internet. Full policy available here.Promotional Release:We reserves the right to use any pictures or duplicates of any promotional items for the further promotion of the company without any compensation to the customer.Reunds:Refunds will only be permitted for over-payments and case-by-case basis. Refunds may be approved for missed delivery or pick up deadlines or approved cancellations. Deposits are non-refundable.Taxes:Appropriate taxes will be collected on all promotional items sold unless the customers is a non-profit, tax-exempt organization or the customer is purchasing items for resale. Appropriate documents will need to be provided to verify tax status and for our records.Terms:Unless previously established and noted on agreement, on all custom orders, payment is required in full at time agreement is signed, unless over $250. Orders over $250 require a 50%, non-refundable, deposit, the balance is due upon delivery of product. Refunds may be permitted for over-payments. All payments should be payable directly to the seller, only to the order of Advantage Balloons & Promotions.Terms:Unless previously established and noted on agreement, on all custom orders, payment is required in full at time agreement is signed, unless over $250. Orders over $250 require a 50%, non-refundable, deposit, the balance is due upon delivery of product. Refunds may be permitted for over-payments. All payments should be payable directly to the seller, only to the order of Advantage Balloons & Promotions.Venue:The laws of the States of Texas shall govern the validity, construction, interpretation, and enforcement of this agreement. Venue for any suit or proceedings arising under this agreement shall be in Tarrant County, Texas. Customer agrees to pay, on demand, all cost and reasonable attorney fees which the company may incur in the enforcement of this contract.Verbal Agreement:Any verbal agreement between salesperson and customer considered is as waived and without effect on this agreement. Any additional terms must be in writing on a signed invoice, or clearly agreed upon in written correspondence. info@advantageballoons.com817-261-1989Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy
Once clicked you will be taken to an Authorize.net checkout page. Follow the directions there to complete the payment.Advantage Balloons & Promotions© 2020 Advantage Balloons & Promotions.