http://www.skipsmasher.com/privacy.aspx
NO-NONSENSE DATA FOR INVESTIGATORS AND SKIPTRACERS
HOME
HOW IT WORKS
BIG DATA
FREE TRIAL
CONTACT
ABOUT US
TESTIMONIALS
SCREENSHOTS
PRICES
PRIVACY & SECURITY
PUBLIC RECORDS
DO YOU QUALIFY?
APPLICATION
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY
Privacy Policy Statement
Effective Date: June 29, 2020
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY. SkipSmasher.com (“us,” “we,” or “Company”) is committed
to respecting the privacy rights of users of http://www.skipsmasher.com (the “Site”).
We created this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) so you can understand our information
collection, storage and use policies.
1.2. NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN. This Site is not targeted towards children under
the age of 13 nor intended to be used by them in any manner whatsoever.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT FROM SITE
VISITORS AND SUBSCRIBERS?
A. Categories of Personally Identifiable Information. We do not collect personally
identifiable information for visitors that simply browse the Site. Qualified business
users who apply have their personal information collected including:
• Company Name/Title
• First Name
• Last Name
• Address
• City
• State
• Zip Code
• Telephones
• Email Address
• SSN
• IP address and geo-location
• Business documentation that may contain your Personal Info
• Copy of your drivers license
We also store a record of searches run by each user as well as email requests. This
information may not be edited or deleted once submitted.
B. Credit Card Information. We do not store credit card information you provide
with orders. However, our credit card processing company authorize.net does. Their
privacy policy can be seen at http://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
C. Modification or Removal Process. If you wish to remove or modify any of your
personally identifiable information, please login to your account and do so. Said
information in older data backups may not be deleted or modified.
D. Privacy Policy Modifications and Updates. If we modify or update this privacy
policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Site for 30 days.
E. Effective Date: The effective date of this Policy is posted above.
F. Browser Do Not Track Signals: California law requires that we disclose whether
we acknowledge do not track signals issued by browsers should you designate such
a choice with said browsers. We do not do so.
G. Third Party Cumulative Tracking: California law requires us to disclose to you
whether third parties can acquire and track your personally identifiable information
through our website. Google can track you through this Site as we use their services
for internal tracking purposes. Google participates in the NIA opt out program.
You can visit this link to view all companies including Google that track you
and choose to no longer be tracked. To block parties from tracking you, try services
such as the Privacy Badger
offered by the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
H. California Eraser Law. We do not allow for the posting of user generated content
on the Site. As such, the California "eraser law" does not apply to this Site.
2.2 WHAT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY COLLECT FROM SITE USERS?
A. AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize and collect your IP
addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet). No personal information
about you is revealed in this process. We do, however, track how long you are on
the Site, the pages you visit, the searches associated with your IP address including
search results, the keywords you use to find the Site and other information detailing
your use of the Site. The Site may also gather anonymous aggregate data for all
visitors that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing
purposes or for improving the goods services we offer.
B. COOKIES. We may use standard first and third party cookies. You can choose whether
to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose
to disable this function, your experience at our Site may be diminished and some
features may not work as they were intended.
3. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
3.1. WHAT DOES COMPANY DO WITH INFORMATION
A. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM SUBSCRIBERS, APPLICANTS AND VISITORS. We
do not share your personal information with third parties with the exception of
third party services that we use to run, maintain and analyze the Site such as our
hosting company and credit card processor. These parties do not market to you. We
may use your personal information to track, identify and investigate fraud or violations
of our terms of use. We may place your name, company name, and email address in
an email mailing lists used by us or affiliated companies to notify you of industry news and
events and product updates. Each of these emails shall contain a permanent opt-out link. At no time
will your information be shared with third parties for marketing purposes.
B. ANONYMOUS INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic.
We may use anonymous information in combination with personal information to track,
identify and prosecution situations of fraud or violations of our terms of use.
In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our
server, to administer our Site, or to display the content according to your preferences.
C. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We may disclose personal information if required
to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1)
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Company
or its parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect ours or others rights, property or safety,
or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the safety of the public or users of the Site.
D. SALE OF INFORMATION. Should we decide to sell all or part of the Company at some
point in the future, your personal information will be included as an asset in the
transfer.
E. PEOPLE SEARCH DATA. The people search data available at Skip Smasher is derived
from public and private information sources and is not available to the general
public. It is available to credentials business users such as licensed private
investigation agencies ONLY. If you are a documented victim of stalking or domestic
violence or a sworn law enforcement officer, please contact us for instructions
on the process to make a record removal request at Skip Smasher.
For all details on authorized use of our service by credentialed subscribers, please visit the Site "Account Application and Service Agreement" found at https://www.skipsmasher.com/public/application.aspx.
F. FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT PROHIBITION. This site may not be used for an FCRA
regulated purpose including for employment, housing, credit or insurance purposes.
We are not a credit reporting agency as defined by the FCRA.
G. FAIR DEBT COLLECTION PRACTICES ACT. We are not a debt collector as defined by the FDCPA; we do not engage in the collection of debts.
H. DATA WE DO NOT SELL. We do not sell telephone toll records, bank and credit card
records or any FCRA regulated data like credit reports.
I. CONSUMER INFORMATION LAWS. SkipSmasher.com is strictly in compliance with all federal and
state laws that regulate dissemination of consumer information including the GLB
Act, the Drivers Privacy Protection Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
4. SECURITY
4.1. SITE SECURITY. The Site has reasonable security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we
obtain from you. It utilizes a multi-tiered security system to prevent unauthorized access by third parties. Our servers are located in a high security,
state-of-the-art facility with 24 hour per day monitoring. The site uses SSL security to assure secure transactions.
5. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND COMPANY’S CONTROL
5.1. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES. The Site contains links to other websites. We have no
control over the terms and privacy policies of said sites. Please make sure to view
the policies of those sites before providing personal information to said sites.
6. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:
The following information is in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act, also known as the CCPA:
12 MONTH LOOK BACK PERIOD: In the prior twelve months, we have disclosed consumer name, location, personal identifiers,
and contact information to users of this website that is derived from government
public records and/or consumer data aggregators and/or telephone industry data (like whitepages listings)
and/or the publicly available outbound voicemail recording of California telephone numbers. Users
of our website are exclusively businesses. We have no actual knowledge that we have disclosed the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Notice of Financial Incentive: Skip Smasher offers no financial incentive in exchange for the retention or sale of a consumer’s personal information.
Your Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold:
A.
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you.
B.
You may request to Know, Delete and Opt-out your information at this page: https://www.skipsmasher.com/consumers or by calling our toll-free hotline, 1-866-505-7170.
C.
We will verify your identity by requesting information like your phone number, name and address so that we can locate and display your information for your review.
Collection of Personal Information: We collect name, address, email address and phone information from federal, state and local government agencies as well as from consumer data resellers. We may
share some or all of the information with users at our website.
Disclosure of Sale of Personal Information: We have disclosed or sold personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months. We do not sell the personal information of minors.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information: You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information collected or maintained by Skip Smasher. To Know and Delete your personal
information we might have, please visit this page: https://www.skipsmasher.com/consumers/. You will need to enter your identifying information such as name, phone number and
address so that we can search our data for your information. We will then display any information found so that you can review it and decide to delete it and chose to opt-out from future sharing.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information: This website shares the personal information of consumers.
You have the right to opt-out of the future sharing of your information.
California residents who do not wish to have their information shared may opt-out using this link which can be found on our homepage: Do Not Sell My Info. Please
see our Notice of Right to Opt-out here: https://www.skipsmasher.com/consumers/
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights: You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights as conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent: You can designate an Agent to make a CCPA request under the CCPA on your behalf by having them use our Know, Delete and Opt-out form located at https://www.skipsmasher.com/consumers/
Contact for more information: If you have further questions about your rights under the CCPA at Skip Smasher, please use our contact form at https://www.skipsmasher.com/contact.aspx
7. CONTACT INFORMATION
7.1. CONTACTING US. If you have any questions about this Policy or our practices
related to this Site please contact us by accessing the “Contact” link found at
each Site page.
7.2. LEGAL NOTICES. Any legal notices must be sent to Skip Smasher, Inc., Attn: Legal Dept., PO Box 891329, Temecula, CA 92589
©
Skip Smasher Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
FCRA NOTICE: Skip Smasher is not a "consumer reporting agency" and our search results do not constitute a "consumer report" as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Search results may not be used for any FCRA regulated purpose including determining a consumer's eligibility for credit/collections, insurance, employment or housing.