https://www.prsgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Internet Privacy and Security Policy
Overview
The PRS Group respects every website user’s right to privacy. Any personal information collected from those who seek access to various services on this site will not be disclosed to any third party except as required by applicable law. The purpose of this statement is to inform website users of how PRS will use and protect information that may be collected while they are visiting this website. Please be advised, however, that the confidentiality of any communication, information or other material transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed.
For the purposes of this policy, the following are considered “personally identifiable information”:
A first and last name
A residence or other physical address, including a street name and name of a city or town
An email address
A telephone number
A credit card number
Use of Email Addresses
Email addresses obtained through this website will neither be sold nor given to any other company for marketing purposes. Email addresses will be maintained in order to respond to requests, communicate updates to the website that may be of interest, provide The PRS Group with valuable customer feedback to assist in improving the site, or send communication regarding new services. Individuals may “opt out” by contacting us at custserv@prsgroup.com.
Log Files or Stats
Non-personally identifiable information (domain names, search engine used, web browser, date and time of visit) collected when you use this website may be used for internal review purposes, including measuring and monitoring the use of our website, diagnosing problems with our server, administering our website, or to provide usage data as requested by organizations that are customers.
Transaction Information
The PRS Group uses secured servers for conducting online transactions. All credit card and other payment data that are transmitted for verification are protected by 128-bit encryption technology (SSL). Credit Card numbers entered by you are not stored by this website or in our company database.
Data Security and Quality
The PRS Group is committed to data security and has taken reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration. Individuals will be granted the ability to access and correct personally identifiable information at any time, via Your Account in Customer Services.
External Links
Various websites may be linked through this website. The PRS Group accepts no liability for the privacy practices of other sites. Visitors to linked websites are advised to read the privacy statements of each website visited.
Changes to this policy
The PRS Group reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time and for any reason, without notice to users.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this statement, please contact us at:
The PRS Group, Inc.
5800 Heritage Landing Dr., Suite E,
East Syracuse, NY 13057-9378
+1 315-431-0511 (Tel.)
+1 315-431-0200 (Fax)
Email: custserv@prsgroup.com
NEW RELEASE
COVID-19, US ELECTIONS, TRUMP, BREXIT…WHAT’S NEXT FOR POLITICAL RISK?
There’s never been a more volatile and uncertain time in recent history. As the recent pandemic has reminded us, the interconnect nature of the global economy has made political risk analysis more important – and vastly more complex.  Quant-driven methods have become increasingly de riguer, but what does the future hold for the practice in the face of new and emerging challenges?
In Quid Periculum? Measuring and Managing Political Risk in the Age of Uncertainty, long-time political risk experts Christopher McKee and Peter Marber present approaches and analyses to this new world of risk. From risk forecasting techniques and reliability measures, to empirical findings affecting asset prices and sovereign debt workouts, the role of political risk in the 2020s and beyond is thoroughly explored by the world’s leading specialists. The book also includes an exceptional roundtable discussion among some of the leading names in the field, offering a insiders’ view of issues such as the impact of COVID-19, the future of globalization, new political risks, and risk mitigation techniques.
A unique blend of scholarly and applied efforts, this is the 6th edition of PRS’ series The Handbook of Country Political Risk Analysis.  For more information and to reserve your copy today, contact Louis Carroll at lcarroll@prsgroup.com
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks