http://www.alliedelec.com/customerservice/legal.aspx
Location:
US
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Export
Mexico
English
Español
Login  |
Register  |
Help
My Account
Cart  (0)
All Products
Circuit Protection
Breaker Panels / Load Centers
Breaker Panels / Load Centers Accessories
Circuit Breaker Accessories
Constant Voltage Transformers
Equipment Circuit Breakers
Filters
Fuse Accessories
Fuse Kits
Fuses
Gas Discharge Tubes (GDT)
GFI Protection
Line Reactors
Miniature Circuit Breakers
Molded Case Circuit Breakers
Power Conditioners
Power Factor Controller
Surge Protection Devices
Varistors (MOV)
Connectors
Application Specific Connectors
Audio & Video Connectors
Automation Connectors
Board Level Connectors
Bus Bars & Grounding Products
Circular Connectors
Coaxial / RF Connectors
Data / Ethernet / Telecom Connectors
D-Sub Connectors
Electrical / Mains Connectors
IC Sockets, Plugs & Adapters
Rectangular Connectors
Terminal Blocks & Strips
Terminals, Lugs & Ferrules
Test Connectors
Electronic Components
Capacitors
Computing
Development & Engineering Tools
Discrete Semiconductors
EMI/RFI Shielding/Suppression
Inductors
Integrated Circuits
Optoelectronics
Passive Accessories & Kits
Resistors
Thermistors
Variable Resistors
Enclosures, Racks & Cabinets
Cabinet & Rack
Cabinet & Rack Parts/Accessories
Electrical Enclosure Accessories
Electrical Enclosures
Electronic Enclosure
Electronic Enclosure Accessories
Purge & Pressurization Systems
Pushbutton Enclosure
Subrack / Card Cage
Subrack/Card Cage Accessories
Travel & Brief Cases
ESD & Prototyping
3D Printer Filament & Accessories
Educational Robots & Accessories
Educational/Hobby Kits
ESD Products
Facilities Cleaning & Maintenance
PCB
Production Aids
Safety
Soldering
Storage Products
Tape Dispensers
Tapes
Fans & Thermal Mgmt.
Air Conditioners
Blowers
Coolers / Chillers
Cooling Modules
Electric Heaters
Fan & Blower Accessories
Fan Guards
Fans
Filter Fans
Grilles
Heat Exchangers
Heatsinks
HVAC
Motorized Impeller Accessories
Motorized Impellers
Semiconductor Insulators, Sockets & Kits
Space Heaters & Radiators
Thermal Pads
Industrial Controls
Cobots
Contactors
Control Stations
Controllers
Counters
Disconnect Switches
Machine Guarding & Machine Safety
Panel Meters
Power Outlets
Power Transmission
Signal Conditioning & Signal Converters
Slip Rings
Solenoids
Timers
Industrial Data Communications
Data Communication Accessories
Ethernet Switches
Protocol Converters
Routers
Wireless Communications
Lighting & Indication
Audibles
Ballasts
Beacon Accessories
Beacons
Lamp Sockets
Lamps (Light Bulbs)
Lenses
Light Towers
Lighting
Panel Mount Indicators
Photocontrols
Motors & Motor Controls
AC Drive Accessories
AC Drives
Advanced Motor Starters
Combination Motor Starters
DC Motor Controllers
Gearmotors
Manual Motor Starters
Motor Accessories
Motor Protection
Motor Protection Accessories
Motor Starter Accessories
Motor Starters
Motor-Drive Combinations
Motors
Overload Heaters
Overloads
Soft Starters
PLCs & HMIs
Controller Packages & Kits
Data Stations
HMI Accessories
HMI Displays
HMI Modules
Industrial Monitors
Industrial PCs
PC Data Acquisition
PC Data Acquisition Accessories
PLC Accessories
PLC Expansion Modules
PLC Programming Software
PLC/HMI Combos
PLCs
Remote I/O Modules
Smart Relays
Pneumatics & Fluid Control
Air Prep/Treatment
Air Pumps / Air Compressors
Fitting Accessories
Fittings
Flow Controls / Speed Controls
Hydraulics
Instrumentation
Logic Elements
Multi-Line Connectors
Pipeline & Plumbing
Pneumatic Actuator Accessories
Pneumatic Actuators
Pneumatic Generators
Pneumatic Mufflers / Pneumatic Silencers
Pumps and Pump Accessories
Sight Glasses
Tubing / Hoses
Vacuum
Valves
Power Products
Alternators & Generators
Audio Transformers
Batteries
Converter (DC-DC Power Supplies)
Current Transformers
Industrial Transformers
Inverter (DC-AC Power Supplies)
Inverter Accessories
PoE (Power Over Ethernet)
Power Alerts
Power Entry Module (PEM)
Power Entry Module Accessories
Power Strip
Power Strip Accessories
Power Supply (AC-DC Power Supplies)
Power Supply Accessories
Power Transfer Switches
Solar Charger/Inverter
Solar Panel
Solar Power Combiner
Transformer Parts & Accessories
UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supplies)
UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply) Accessories
Variable Transformers
Raspberry Pi, Arduino & Development Tools
Arduino Shop
BBC micro:bit Shop
Development Tools & Single Board Computers
Raspberry Pi Shop
Relays
Monitoring Relays
Power Relays
Reed Relays
Relay Accessories
Relay Modules
Signal Relays
Solid State Relays
Time Delay Relays
Sensors
Accelerometers
Air Quality Sensors
Anemometer Probes
Barcode Readers
Board Mount Sensors
Current Transducers
Encoder Accessories
Encoders
Flow Sensors
Hall Effect Sensors
Inclination Sensors
Inductive Signal Couplers
Light Sensors
Linear Transducers
Liquid Level Sensors
Load Cells
Magnetic Field Sensors
Magnetic Pickups
Occupancy Sensors
Photoelectric Sensors
Pressure Sensors
Proximity Sensors
Radar Sensors
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID)
Sensor Accessories
Strain Gauges
Temperature Sensors
Thermostats
Torque Sensors
Vibration Sensors
Vision Sensors
Voltage Sensors
Switches
Basic Snap Action Switches
Biometric Switches
DIP Switches
Display Switches
Foot Switches
Interlock Switches
Joystick Switches
Keylock Switches
Level Switches
Limit Switches
Magnetic and Reed Switches
Pushbutton Switches
Pushwheel Switches
Rocker Switches
Rotary Switches
Selector Switches
Slide Switches
Switch Accessories
Switch Kits
Tactile Switches
Thumbwheel Switches
Tilt Switches
Toggle Switches
Touch Switches
Wireless Switches
Test & Measurement
Analyzers
Calibrators
Datalogging & Acquisition
DC Electronic Loads
Decade Box
Extender Cards
Frequency Counters
Inspection Scopes
Meters
Oscilloscopes
Power Supplies
Signal Generators
Test Equipment Accessories
Test Leads/Cable Assemblies
Testers
Thermal Imagers
Thermometers
Tools & Hardware
Audio Products
Chemicals & Adhesives
Connector and Crimp Tooling
Engineering Materials
Hardware
Security
Tool Accessories and Parts
Tools
Video Products
Workshop Equipment & Storage
Uncategorized Products
Uncategorized Products
Wire & Cable
Cable
Cable Assemblies
Cable Management
Labeling
Wire
Manufacturers
My Account
Orders
Saved Carts
Upload BOM
Request Quote
Request Return
My Account
Quick Order
Allied Stock #/ Mfr. Part #
Qty
More Lines >
Multiple items contain the part number.
Please select the required parts.
Orders
Log in to view your orders >
Expert Advice
Legal Notices
Home  >  Legal Notices
GENERAL DISCLAIMERS, TERMS OF USE AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
As used in these Legal Notices, you are the Buyer and Allied Electronics, Inc., is "Allied" and the Seller.
If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, exit the Web site immediately. The only remedy if you are dissatisfied by the performance of the Web site is to stop using it.
All product specific information is provided to Allied by the manufacturers who are solely responsible for its content and accuracy. Allied will not be responsible for typographical or other errors or omissions regarding prices or other information.
All sales are subject to Allied's Standard Sales Terms and Conditions, unless as otherwise stated on the respective Allied sales site under which you choose to conduct business with Allied. Promotional offers and prices are for a limited time or as specified. Please consult with your local Allied representative for up-to-the-minute information.
Product prices and configuration are subject to change without prior notice. Stock position and published resale pricing are updated daily. Inventory availability, published resale pricing, and manufacturer quoted lead-times are subject to rapid change.
If you are conducting this session on a public computer or are otherwise using a computer to which multiple people have potential access, be sure to follow all relevant instructions to ensure you are sufficiently disconnected and logged off this site and the computer system you are using so as to prevent unauthorized access to your account with Allied.
The copyright in all original material provided on this Website is held by Allied, and/or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated below, none of the material may be reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted or copied in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of Allied, and/or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site solely for personal, non-commercial use provided that you make no modifications to the materials and that all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials are retained. You also may not, without Allied's written permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site or any other server. Your use of this Site grants no license or permission to use, in any manner, our proprietary materials and/or our proprietary rights. Any unauthorized use of the materials and/or our proprietary rights appearing on this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties being imposed on you.
Any permission granted herein terminates automatically without further notice if you breach any of the above terms. Upon such termination, you agree to immediately destroy any downloaded and/or printed materials. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate domestic and/or international copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The materials on this Site are provided with "Restricted Rights". Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Use of the materials by the U.S. Government constitutes acknowledgement of Allied's proprietary rights in them. No other governments are authorized to use the materials appearing on this Site without prior written permission from Allied.
We reserve the sole right to either modify or discontinue the Site, in whole or in part, including any features therein, at any time and from time to time without notice to you. We shall not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise such right. Modifications may include, but are not limited to, changes in the pricing structure for products and/or services. Any new features that augment or enhance the then-current services offered on this Site shall also be subject to these terms and conditions.
You understand and agree that temporary interruptions of this Site may occur as normal events and, therefore, delays and disruption of network transmissions are completely beyond our control. You further understand and agree that we have no control over any third-party networks you may access in the course of the use of this Site, whether or not linked to this Site.
THIS SITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER MISTAKES, INACCURACIES, OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES AT THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE PRICES AND DESCRIPTIONS OF ANY PRODUCTS LISTED HEREIN, AT ANY TIME AND FROM TIME TO TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
THE USE OF THE SITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND WITH YOUR AGREEMENT THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM AND/OR ANY LOSS OF DATA THAT MAY RESULT FROM SUCH USE.
SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Subject to our Privacy Policy (which may be accessed by a link at the bottom of the home page to this Site), any communication or material that you transmit to this Site or to us (with the exception of all transactions through our secure socket layer (SSL)), whether by electronic mail or other means, for any reason, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
TRADEMARKS:
All trademarks and trade names are the properties of their respective owners. Allied disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks and trade names other than its own.
Neither we nor our affiliates warrant or represent that any of the products obtained through or materials displayed on this Site will not infringe the rights of third parties. If you or any user of this Site believes its copyright, trademark, or other property rights have been infringed, you or the user should send notification to our Designated Agent (as identified below) immediately. To be effective, the notification must include:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work, trademark or other proprietary right claimed to have been infringed;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be subject to infringing activity and that is to be removed, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the materials;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by law or by the owner of copyright trademark or other proprietary right alleged to be infringed; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed.
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) ("DMCA"), Our Designated Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as indicated below.
Designated Agent for Claimed Infringement:
Shellie Stewart
Allied Electronics, Inc.
7151 Jack Newell Blvd. S.
Fort Worth, Texas 76118 U.S.A.
COMPANYTerms & ConditionsPrivacyNewsroomCareersAbout UsContact UsLegalUSER TOOLSQuick OrderSupplier Line CardProductsSUPPORTCustomer ServiceTechnical SupportServicesReturnsSIGN UPGet product announcements and offers.Valid email is required.SUBMITThanks!You are now subscribed to emails from Allied Electronics & AutomationCONNECTSUPPORTNeed help? Call (866) 433-5722
You are now subscribed to emails from Allied Electronics.
You will hear from us soon!
© Allied Electronics & Automation, 2020. All rights reserved.
0