http://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-cookies/
Your Choices Regarding Cookies on this Site
We use cookies on this website to improve your shopping experience. We use cookies to enable shopping cart functionality, to remember log-in details, to provide social media & chat features, to collect statistics to optimize site functionality and to deliver content tailored to your interests. Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and to start using the site or click on more information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.
Click here to learn about cookie settings.
Accept
Home
Generators
Categories
Portable/Camping
Frame Mounted / Site
Standby / Home Back-Up
LPG / Dual Fuel
Large Canopy
3-Phase/Multiphase
Silent Diesel
110/115 Volt CTE
Export
Special Offers
Clearance
Manufacturers
Hyundai
Champion
Stephill
KOHLER SDMO
Pramac
Briggs & Stratton
Loncin
Warrior
HGI
Honda
P1PE
Other
Power Calculator
Power Chart
Noise Information
Generator FAQ
Safety Information
Water Pumps
Submersible
2" & 3" Site
Waste Water & Soft Solids
Residue Puddle
Sewage & Waste
High Flow Propeller
3" & 4" Contractor
Fresh Water
Trash and Sludge
Petrol
Diesel
High Pressure
Salt Water, Chemical & Fuel
Diaphragm
Hand Operated
Flood Kits
Warehouse Equipment
Hand Pallet Trucks
Manual & Electric Stackers
Scales Pallet Trucks
High Lift Pallet Trucks
Other Equipment
Pressure Washers
Transformers
Distribution Units
Load Bank Testers
Power Transfer Switches
Generator Lighting
Welders
Heaters
Replacement Engines
Cement Mixers
Secure Storage
Air Compressors
Battery Chargers
Accessories
Cables, Leads & Connectors
Generator Covers
Generator Wheel Kits
Service Kits
Special Offers
Brands
Armorgard
Belle
Bosch
Briggs & Stratton
Champion
CJC
Cobra
Cressall
Daishin
Defender
Excar
Flotec
HGI
Honda
Hyundai
JS Pump
Kohler SDMO
Koshin
Loncin
Nocchi
Patay
P1PE
Poly
Pramac
Rhino
Sentribox
Stephill
Subaru
Tsurumi
Union Wonderful
Van Vault
Warrior
Winget
Home
/
Just Generators Privacy & Cookies
You did not add any gift products to the cart. Check your available gifts!
Privacy and Cookies
Jump to cookie policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Calgary Just Companies Limited, collect, store and use information about you when you use or interact with our website www.justgenerators.co.uk and where we otherwise obtain or collect information about you. This privacy policy is effective from 2nd May 2018.
Contents
Summary
Our details
Information we collect when you visit our website
Information we collect when you contact us
Information we collect when you interact with our website
Information we collect when you place an order on our website
Our use of automated decision-making and profiling
How we collect or obtain information about you from third parties
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
How long we retain your information
How we secure your information
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area
Your rights in relation to your information
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
Sensitive Personal Information
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Children’s Privacy
Summary
This section summarises how we obtain, store and use information about you. It is intended to provide a very general overview only. It is not complete in and of itself and it must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy.
Data controller: Calgary Just Companies Limited
How we collect or obtain information about you:
when you provide it to us (e.g. by contacting us through our various website forms, placing an order on our website, signing up to our e-newsletter and live chat).
from your use of our website, using cookies (see ourcookies policy)
Information we collect: name, contact details, IP address, information from cookies, information about your computer or device (e.g. device and browser type), information about how you use our website (e.g. which pages you have viewed, the time when you view them and what you clicked on, the geographical location from which you accessed our website (based on your IP address)), company name or business name (if given) and VAT number (if given).
How we use your information: for administrative and business purposes (particularly to contact you and process orders you place on our website), to improve our business and website, to fulfil our contractual obligations, to advertise our goods and services, to analyse your use of our website, to gather feedback about purchased product(s) and in connection with our legal rights and obligations.
Disclosure of your information to third parties: only to the extent necessary to run our business, to our partnered suppliers to supply goods, to our service providers, to fulfil any contracts we enter into with you and where required by law or to enforce our legal rights. We may also use 3rd party vendors for marketing purposes (for more information, see our marketing and profiling sections below).
Do we sell your information to third parties (other than in the course of a business sale or purchase or similar event): No
How long we retain your information: for no longer than necessary, taking into account any legal obligations we have (e.g. to maintain records for tax purposes), any other legal basis we have for using your information (e.g. your consent, performance of a contract with you or our legitimate interests as a business. For specific retention periods in relation to certain information which we collect from you, please see the main section below entitled How long we retain your information.
How we secure your information: using appropriate technical and organisational measures such as storing your information on secure servers, encrypting transfers of data to or from our servers using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology and encrypting payments you make on or via our website using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
Use of cookies and similar technologies: Our websites use cookies to collect information.  This includes information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access our websites. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around our websites. Detailed information is set out in our Cookie Policy. We also web beacons on in our e-marketing to gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-marketing.
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area: We transfer your information outside of the European Economic including the USA. Where we do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. These safeguards include ensuring each of the third parties we use who transfer your information outside the European Economic Area have self-certified themselves as compliant with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Use of automated decision making and profiling: we use automated decision making and profiling. We use web analytics, cookies, web beacons, server logs analysis tools, or use targeting cookies to display advertisements to visitors to our website on other websites around the internet using the Google AdSense network and AdRoll.
Your rights in relation to your information
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
not to have significant decisions made about you based solely on automated processing of your information, including profiling
to complain to a supervisory authority
Sensitive personal information: we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’. Please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us. For more information, please see the main section below entitled Sensitive Personal Information.
Our details
The data controller in respect of our website is Calgary Just Companies (company registration number: 04338715) of Britons Lane, Sheringham, Norfolk, United Kingdom NR26 8TS. You can contact the data controller by writing to this address or sending an email to data@cjcltd.co.uk. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the data controller.
Information we collect when you visit our website
We collect and use information from website visitors in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Web server log information
We use a third party server to host our website called UKFast (based in Manchester in the UK), the privacy policy of which is available here: https://www.ukfast.co.uk/terms/privacy-policy.html#setupoption . Our website server automatically logs the IP address you use to access our website as well as other information about your visit such as the pages accessed, information requested, the date and time of the request, the source of your access to our website (e.g. the website or URL (link) which referred you to our website), and your browser version and operating system.
Use of website server log information for IT security purposes
We collect and store(s) server logs to ensure network and IT security and so that the server and website remain uncompromised. This includes analysing log files to help identify and prevent unauthorised access to our network, the distribution of malicious code, denial of services attacks and othercyber attacks, by detecting unusual or suspicious activity. Unless we are investigating suspicious or potential criminal activity, we do not make, nor do we allow our hosting provider to make, any attempt to identify you from the information collected via server logs.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our processing of information about individuals. Recording access to our website using server log files is such a measure.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: we and our third party hosting provider (UKFast) have a legitimate interest in using your information for the purposes of ensuring network and information security.
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are data files which are sent from a website to a browser to record information about users for various purposes. We use cookies and similar technologies on our website, including essential, functional, analytical and targeting cookies and web beacons. For further information on how we use cookies, please see our cookies policy. If you visit our website when your browser is set to accept cookies, we will interpret this as an indication that you consent to our use of cookies and other similar technologies as described in this Privacy Policy. If you change your mind in the future about letting us use cookies, you can modify the settings of your browser to reject cookies or disable cookies completely, but doing so can impair your ability to use our website or some or all of its features. For further information about cookies, including how to change your browser settings, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
or see our cookies policy.
Information we collect when you contact us
We collect and use information from individuals who contact us in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Email
When you send an email to the email address displayed on our website we collect your email address and any other information you provide in that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information contained in any signature block in your email).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party email provider to store emails you send us. Our third party email provider is Gmail. Their privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Contact forms
When you contact us using our contact form, we collect your name, email address and some optional details including telephone number and message details. If you do not provide the mandatory information required by our contact form, you will not be able to submit the contact form and we will not receive your enquiry.
If you do not supply the optional information required by our contact form, such as phone number, we will not be able to respond to your enquiry by phone.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Phone
When you contact us by phone, we may collect your phone number and any information provide to us during your conversation with us. We do not record phone calls.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Post
If you contact us by post, we will collect any information you provide to us in any postal communications you send us.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Information we collect when you interact with our website
We collect and use information from individuals who interact with particular features of our website in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
E-Newsletter
When you sign up for our e-newsletter on our website or opt-in to receive news and marketing from us (by entering your name and email address and clicking subscribe or ticking a box at checkout indicating that you would like to receive our e-newsletter), we will collect your name and email address.
Legal basis for processing: your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Consent: you give your consent to us sending you our e-newsletter by signing up to receive it using the steps described above.
Transfer and storage of your information
We use two third party services to send out our e-newsletter and administer our mailing list,  MailChimp and Springbot. Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
and Springbot’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.springbot.com/privacy-policy/
Information you submit to subscribe to our e-newsletter will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party mailing list provider’s servers in the USA. For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Use of web beacons and similar technologies in emails
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files) and clear gifs in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve. For more information on how we use web beacons in our e-newsletter emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy/
For more information about our third party mailing list providers and their use of web beacons, please see their privacy policies which are available here: Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
and Springbot’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.springbot.com/privacy-policy/
Registering on our website
It is not mandatory to do so but when you register and create an account on our website, we collect the following information: your name and email address. After registration we may collect any other optional information you provide to us, such as billing and delivery address, telephone number and company name. If you do not provide the mandatory information required by the registration form, you will not be able to register an account.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: registering and administering accounts on our website to facilitate the running and operation of our business.
Transfer and storage of your information
Information you submit to us via the registration form on our website will be stored within the European Economic Area on our UKFast servers in the UK. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.ukfast.co.uk/terms/privacy-policy.html#setupoption .
Online Chat
If you contact us via our online chat app, we may collect your phone number, email address and any information provide to us during your conversation with us.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Information we collect when you place an order on our website
We collect and use information from individuals who place an order on our website in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Information collected when you place an order
Mandatory information
When you place an order for goods or services on our website, we collect your name, email address, billing address, shipping address and telephone number. If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to purchase goods or services from us on our website or enter into a contract with us.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we need the mandatory information collected by our checkout form to establish who the contract is with and to contact you to fulfil our obligations under the contract, including sending you receipts and order confirmations.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to issue you with an invoice for the goods and services you purchase from us where you are VAT registered and we require the mandatory information collected by our checkout form for this purpose. We also have a legal obligation to keep accounting records, including records of transactions.
Optional information
We also collect optional information from you, such as your company name. We also ask you if you would like to receive marketing communications from us. For further information, see ‘Marketing communications’ in this section below. If you do not supply the optional information requested at checkout, we will not be able to use your company name in any further correspondence, for example, when we send you an invoice.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: to use your company name in any further correspondence, for example, when we send you an invoice.
Processing your payment
After you place an order on our website you will need to make payment for the goods or services you have ordered. In order to process your payment we use third party payment processors, including Sagepay, Paypal and Amazon Payments. Your payment will be processed by the third party payment processor you choose to process your payment via a payment gateway.
The third party payment processor you choose to process your payment will collect, use and processes your information, including your payment information, in accordance with their privacy policies. You can access their privacy policies via the following link(s): You can find Sagepay’s privacy policy here: https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy . You can find Paypal’s privacy policy here: https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full . You can find Amazon Payment’s privacy policy here: https://pay.amazon.com/uk/help/201751600 .
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: to fulfil your contractual obligation to pay for the goods or services you have ordered from us.
Marketing communications
At checkout and also on other areas of our website you will have the option of receiving marketing communications from us.
Our similar goods and services
You can opt-in to receiving marketing communications in relation to our goods and which are similar to those which you purchase from us, by ticking a box to opt-in or by clicking on a button (and giving us your name and email address) found throughout our website.
We will not send you marketing communications in relation to similar goods and services if you do not opt in to receiving them.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: direct marketing and advertising our products and services.
Transfer and storage of your information
We use two third party services to send out our marketing communications and administer our mailing list,  MailChimp and Springbot. Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
and Springbot’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.springbot.com/privacy-policy/
Information you submit to subscribe to our marketing communications will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party mailing list provider’s servers in the USA For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files) and clear gifs in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve. For more information on how we use web beacons in our e-newsletter emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy/
For more information about our third party mailing list providers and their use of web beacons, please see their privacy policies which are available here: Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
and Springbot’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.springbot.com/privacy-policy/
Our goods and services
You can opt-in to receiving marketing communications in relation to our goods and which are similar to those which you purchase from us, by ticking a box to opt-in or by clicking on a button (and giving us your name and email address) found throughout our website.
Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Consent: you give your consent to us sending you information about our goods and services by signing up to receive such information in accordance with the steps described above.
Transfer and storage of your information
We use two third party services to send out our marketing communications and administer our mailing list,  MailChimp and Springbot. Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
and Springbot’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.springbot.com/privacy-policy/
Information you submit to subscribe to our marketing communications will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party mailing list provider’s servers in the USA For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files) and clear gifs in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve. For more information on how we use web beacons in our e-newsletter emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy/
For more information about our third party mailing list providers and their use of web beacons, please see their privacy policies which are available here: Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
and Springbot’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.springbot.com/privacy-policy/
Information collected or obtained from third parties
This section sets out how we obtain or collect information about you from third parties.
Information received from third parties
We do not receive information about you from third parties
Information obtained by us from third parties
In certain circumstances (for example, to verify the information we hold about you or obtain missing information we require to provide you with a service) we will obtain information about you from certain publicly accessible sources, both EU and non-EU, such as Companies House and business directories.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where you have entered into a contract or requested that we enter into a contract with you, in certain circumstances, we will obtain information about you from public sources in order to enable us to understand your business and provide services to you or services to a sufficient standard.
For example, we would obtain and/or verify your email address from your website or from a directory where you ask us to send you information by email but we do not possess the information or we need to confirm that we have recorded your email address correctly.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: in certain circumstances, we will have a legitimate interest in obtaining information about you from public and private sources. For example, if you have infringed or we suspect that you have infringed any of our legal rights, we will have a legitimate interest in obtaining and processing information about you from such sources in order to investigate and pursue any suspected or potential infringement.
Our use of automated decision-making and profiling
We use automated decision making and profiling on our website. We do not consider that this has any legal effect on you or similarly significantly affects you.
You have the right to object to our use of automated decision making and profiling described in this section. You can do that by opting-out of cookies and similar technologies in accordance with the method described in the relevant section below. If you do not want us to process your actual IP address (usually the IP address assigned to you by your Internet Service Provider) when you visit our website, you can use a Virtual Private Network (VPN) or a free service such as Tor.
You can find out more about our use of cookies and similar technologies (including the legal basis on which we use them) and how to opt out from them in our cookies policy.
Automated decision making
Automated decision making is decision making by technological means (i.e. by a machine) without human involvement.
Use of automated decision making for display advertising
We automate the display advertisements containing our products and services on other websites you visit, based on the fact that you have visited our website using cookies. For further information on the cookies we use, please see our cookies policy.
Logic involved: automatically displaying advertisements to individuals who have visited our website results in increased efficiencies and cost savings for us than manually displaying advertisements or displaying advertisements by different means.
Significance and envisaged consequences: cookies will be used to recognise the fact that you have visited our website in order to display advertisements to you (unless you have blocked such cookies) and will collect information about your online behaviour.
How to object: you can block these cookies by blocking 3rd party cookies in your browser settings, or to opt-out of seeing personalised ads by following the instructions here: https://app.adroll.com/optout/safari For further information, please see our cookies policy.
Profiling
Profiling is any form of automated processing of your information to evaluate personal aspects about you, in particular to analyse or predict things like your performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
Use of profiling for web analytics
Our web analytics service, Google Analytics collects information such as your location (based on your IP address) and your behaviour (based on cookies) when you access our website (such as the pages you visit and what you click on. We will only process information from cookies if you have consented to us setting cookies on your computer in accordance with our cookies policy. Information collected about you, once collected is anonomised and stored on an aggregate basis.
Significance and envisaged consequences: cookies will be used to track and store information about your behaviour and device on our website and your location will be analysed based on your IP address.
Legal basis for processing: Our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: by automatically analysing and categorising information such as the location (based on IP address) as well as the behaviour and devices of visitors to our website (using cookies), we are able to gain a better understanding of what our website visitors want (in terms of the content of our website and our products), how to improve our website and how to advertise and market our services to them.
Use of profiling in marketing emails
We use web beacons in our marketing emails to analyse who opens our emails and what actions they take (for example, what they click on). We will only process information from web beacons if you have consented to their use in accordance with our cookies policy.
Logic involved: by analysing how our email recipients respond to our emails, we are able to improve the content and effectiveness of our emails and gauge who is most interested.
Significance and envisaged consequences: your behaviour when you open our emails will be tracked using small gif files (web beacons)
How to object: contact us at data@cjcltd.co.uk and we will remove you from any further marketing communications.
Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: analysing the level of engagement and effectiveness of our marketing emails and content.
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
This section sets out the circumstances in which we will disclose information about you to third parties and any additional purposes for which we use your information.
Disclosure of your information to service providers
We use a number of third parties to provide us with services which are necessary to run our business or to assist us with running our business and who process your information for us on our behalf. For example, your details may need to be passed to a third party to supply or deliver the product or service that you ordered, and we may keep your details for a reasonable period afterwards in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees and so on.
These include the following:
Email provider(s), including Gmail. Their privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Hosting provider(s), including UKFast. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.ukfast.co.uk/terms/privacy-policy.html
Delivery service provider(s), including
DPD - Their privacy policy is available here: http://www.dpd.co.uk/privacy_policy.jsp
UKMail - Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.ukmail.com/privacy-and-cookies
and Palletways - Their privacy policy is available here: http://www.palletways.com/fileadmin/Resources/Public/files/PDF/PDF_UK/Palletways_Privacy_Policy_v2_PDF.pdf
Your information will be shared with these service providers where necessary to provide you with the service you have requested, whether that is accessing our website or ordering goods and services from us.
We do not display the identities of all of our service providers publicly by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of our service providers, however, please contact us directly via email at data@cjcltd.co.uk and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it (where we have shared your information with such service providers, for example).
Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest relied on: where we share your information with these third parties in a context other than where is necessary to perform a contract (or take steps at your request to do so), we will share your information with such third parties in order to allow us to run and manage our business efficiently.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract and/or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we may need to share information with our service providers to enable us to perform our obligations under that contract or to take the steps you have requested before we enter into a contract with you.
Disclosure of your information to other third parties
We disclose your information to other third parties in specific circumstances, as set out below.
Suppliers
We may use other companies to supply products on our behalf. We will only provide those companies the information they need to fulfil the order and deliver the product(s) to the customer. These companies include:
Pramac - Their privacy policy can be found here: https://www.pramac.com/privacy
Stephill - Their privacy policy can be found here: http://www.stephill-generators.co.uk/pirvacy-policy
SDMO - Their privacy policy can be found here: https://www.kohler-sdmo.com/EN/privacy-policy
For a full list of suppliers we use to fulfill some orders, please email us at data@cjcltd.co.uk
Providing information to third parties such as Google Inc
Google collects information through our use of Google Analytics on our website. Google uses this information, including IP addresses and information from cookies, for a number of purposes, such as improving its Google Analytics service. Information is shared with Google on an aggregated and anonymised basis. To find out more about what information Google collects, how it uses this information and how to control the information sent to Google, please see the following page: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): meeting our contractual obligations to Google under our Google Analytics Terms of Service (https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html)
You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing the browser plugin here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Transfer and storage of your information
Information collected by Google Analytics is stored outside the European Economic Area on Google’s servers in the United States of America.
For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.]
Sharing your information with third parties, which are either related to or associated with the running of our business, where it is necessary for us to do so. These third parties include our accountants, business partners and independent contractors.
Further information on each of these third parties is set out below.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: running and managing our business efficiently.
Accountants
We share information with our accountants for tax purposes. For example, we share invoices we issue and receive with our accountants for the purpose of completing tax returns and our end of year accounts.
Our accountants are Larking & Gowan and are located in England. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.larking-gowen.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Business partners and Partner Suppliers
Business partners are businesses we work with which provide goods and services which are complementary to our own or which allow us to provide goods or services which we could not provide on our own. We share information with our business partners where you have requested services which they provide whether independently from, or in connection with or own services. Our business partners are located in England.
Independent contractors
Occasionally, we use independent contractors in our business. Your information will be shared with independent contractors only where it is necessary for them to perform the function we have hired them perform in relation to our business. Our independent contractors are located in England.
Any additional purposes for which we use your information
Invitation to review communications
We send all customers an invitation to review any products purchased on the website. We also use
a third party service, Trustpilot,
to assist with collecting feedback from customers who have had
a buying or service experience with our company. We do not send any customer data to Trustpilot - we simply include a link (in an email) to our Trustpilot profile page. For information on how trustpilot handles your data when you leave a review on their website, please read their privacy policy, which can be found here: https://uk.legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: We have a legitimate interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to you.
Disclosure and use of your information for legal reasons
Indicating possible criminal acts or threats to public security to a competent authority
If we suspect that criminal or potential criminal conduct has been occurred, we will in certain circumstances need to contact an appropriate authority, such as the police. This could be the case, for instance, if we suspect that we fraud or a cyber crime has been committed or if we receive threats or malicious communications towards us or third parties.
We will generally only need to process your information for this purpose if you were involved or affected by such an incident in some way.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: preventing crime or suspected criminal activity (such as fraud).
In connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement our legal rights
We will use your information in connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement of our legal rights, including, for example, sharing information with debt collection agencies if you do not pay amounts owed to us when you are contractually obliged to do so. Our legal rights may be contractual (where we have entered into a contract with you) or non-contractual (such as legal rights that we have under copyright law or tort law).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: enforcing our legal rights and taking steps to enforce our legal rights.
In connection with a legal or potential legal dispute or proceedings
We may need to use your information if we are involved in a dispute with you or a third party for example, either to resolve the dispute or as part of any mediation, arbitration or court resolution or similar process.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): resolving disputes and potential disputes.
How long we retain your information
This section sets out how long we retain your information. We have set out specific retention periods where possible. Where that has not been possible, we have set out the criteria we use to determine the retention period.
Retention periods
Order information: when you place an order for goods and services, we retain that information for six years following the end of the financial year in which you placed your order, in accordance with our legal obligation to keep records for tax purposes.
Correspondence and enquiries: when you make an enquiry or correspond with us for any reason, whether by email or via our contact form or by phone, we will retain your information for as long as it takes to respond to and resolve your enquiry, and for 3 further months after which point we will delete your information.
E-Newsletter & Other Marketing Services: we retain the information you used to sign up for our marketing services for as long as you remain subscribed (i.e. you do not unsubscribe) or if we decide to cancel our e-newsletter service, whichever comes earlier.
Criteria for determining retention periods
In any other circumstances, we will retain your information for no longer than necessary, taking into account the following:
the purpose(s) and use of your information both now and in the future (such as whether it is necessary to continue to store that information in order to continue to perform our obligations under a contract with you or to contact you in the future);
whether we have any legal obligation to continue to process your information (such as any record-keeping obligations imposed by relevant law or regulation);
whether we have any legal basis to continue to process your information (such as your consent);
any relevant agreed industry practices on how long information should be retained;
the levels of risk, cost and liability involved with us continuing to hold the information;
how hard it is to ensure that the information can be kept up to date and accurate; and
any relevant surrounding circumstances (such as the nature and status of our relationship with you).
How we secure your information
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure your information and to protect it against unauthorised or unlawful use and accidental loss or destruction, including:
only sharing and providing access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis wherever possible;
using secure servers to store your information
verifying the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting them access to information;
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt any information you submit to us via any forms on our website and any payment transactions you make on or via our website;
Transmission of information to us by email
Transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure, and if you submit any information to us over the internet (whether by email, via our website or any other means), you do so entirely at your own risk.
We cannot be responsible for any costs, expenses, loss of profits, harm to reputation, damages, liabilities or any other form of loss or damage suffered by you as a result of your decision to transmit information to us by such means.
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area
Your information will be transferred and stored outside the European Economic Area (EEA) in the circumstances set out below. We will also transfer your information outside the EEA or to an international organisation in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject (compliance with a court order, for example). Where we are required to do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards and protections are in place.
Email
Some information you submit to us by email is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party email provider’s servers. Our third party email provider is: Gmail. You can access their privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Safeguard(s) used: Gmail has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.
E-Newsletter
Information you submit to us when you sign up for our e-newsletter is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party mailing list provider’s servers. Our third party mailing list providers are Mailchimp and Springbot. Mailchimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ and Springbot’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.springbot.com/privacy-policy/
Safeguard(s) used: our third party mailing list providers have self-certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield which is available here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an approved certification mechanism under Article 42 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is permitted under Article 46(2)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. You can access the European Commission decision on the adequacy of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm
Google Analytics
Information collected by Google Analytics (your IP address and actions you take in relation to our website) is transferred outside the EEA and stored on Google’s servers. You can access Google’s privacy policy here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Country of storage: United States of America. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Safeguard(s) used: Google has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield which is available here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome. The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an approved certification mechanism under Article 42 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is permitted under Article 46(2)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. You can access the European Commission decision on the adequacy of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm
Your rights in relation to your information
Subject to certain limitations on certain rights, you have the following rights in relation to your information, which you can exercise by sending an email to data@cjcltd.co.uk
to request access to your information and information related to our use and processing of your information;
to request the correction or deletion of your information;
to request that we restrict our use of your information;
to receive information which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (e.g. a CSV file)and the right to have that information transferred to another data controller (including a third party data controller);
to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes (for further information, see the section below entitled Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes); and
to withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information. Please note thatif you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent.
the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling which produces legal affects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you
In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation. For the purposes of the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the contact details of which are available here: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Further information on your rights in relation to your personal data as an individual
The above rights are provided in summary form only and certain limitations apply to many of these rights. For further information about your rights in relation to your information, including any limitations which apply, please visit the following pages on the ICO’s website:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/; and
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
You can also find out further information about your rights, as well as information on any limitations which apply to those rights,by reading the underlying legislation contained in Articles 12 to 22 and 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/reform/files/regulation_oj_en.pdf
Verifying your identity where you request access to your information
Where you request access to your information, we are required by law to use all reasonable measures to verify your identity before doing so. These measures are designed to protect your information and to reduce the risk of identity fraud, identity theft or general unauthorised access to your information.
How we verify your identity
Where we possess appropriate information about you on file, we will attempt to verify your identity using that information. If it is not possible to identity you from such information, or if we have insufficient information about you, we may require original or certified copies of certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with access to your information. We will be able to confirm the precise information we require to verify your identity in your specific circumstances if and when you make such a request.
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
You have the following rights in relation to your information, which you may exercise in the same way as you may exercise by sending an email to data@cjcltd.co.uk
to object to us using or processing your information where we use or process it in order to carry out a task in the public interest or for our legitimate interests, including ‘profiling’ (i.e. analysing or predicting your behaviour based on your information) based on any of these purposes; and
to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes (including any profiling we engage in that is related to such direct marketing).
You may also exercise your right to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes by:
clicking the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of any marketing email we send to you and following the instructions which appear in your browser following your clicking on that link;
sending an email to data@cjcltd.co.uk asking that we stop sending you marketing communications or by including the words “OPTOUT MARKETING”.
For more information on how to object to our use of information collected from cookies and similar technologies, please see the section entitled How to accept or reject cookies in our cookies policy.
Sensitive Personal Information
‘Sensitive personal information’ is information about an individual that reveals their racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect sensitive personal information from individuals, and you must not submit sensitive personal information to us.
If, however, you inadvertently or intentionally transmit sensitive personal information to us, you will be considered to have explicitly consented to us processing that sensitive personal information under Article 9(2)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation. We will use and process your sensitive personal information for the purposes of deleting it.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We update and amend our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Minor changes to our Privacy Policy
Where we make minor changes to our Privacy Policy, we will update our Privacy Policy with a new effective date stated at the beginning of it. Our processing of your information will be governed by the practices set out in that new version of the Privacy Policy from its effective date onwards.
Major changes to our Privacy Policy or the purposes for which we process your information
Where we make major changes to our Privacy Policy or intend to use your information for a new purpose or a different purpose than the purposes for which we originally collected it, we will notify you by email (where possible) or by posting a notice on our website.
We will provide you with the information about the change in question and the purpose and any other relevant information before we use your information for that new purpose.
Wherever required, we will obtain your prior consent before using your information for a purpose that is different from the purposes for which we originally collected it.
Children’s Privacy
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying regulations protect the privacy of children using the internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from persons under the age of 18. The website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from persons under the age of 18.
It is possible that we could receive information pertaining to persons under the age of 18 by the fraud or deception of a third party. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will, where required by law to do so, immediately obtain the appropriate parental consent to use that information or, if we are unable to obtain such parental consent, we will delete the information from our servers. If you would like to notify us of our receipt of information about persons under the age of 18, please do so by sending an email to data@cjcltd.co.uk
Cookies Policy
This
Cookies Policy sets out the basis on which we, Calgary Just Companies Ltd, use
cookies and similar technologies on or in relation to our website, www.justgenerators.co.uk
(our website). This Cookies Policy
is effective from 31st April 2018
'Essential'
cookies are automatically placed on your computer or device when you access our
website or take certain actions on our website. 'Non-essential' cookies and
other technologies are only placed on your computer or device if you have consented
to us doing so. For information on the difference between essential and
non-essential cookies, see the section below entitled About cookies.
For
information on how you consent and how you can withdraw your consent to us
placing non-essential cookies and other technologies on your computer or device,
see the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies.
Contents
About cookies
List of cookies used
Essential cookies
Non-essential cookies
Web beacons
How to accept or reject cookies
About cookies
What are
cookies?
Cookies are small data files sent by a website's server to a web
browser, processor memory or hard drive and stored there. They can be used for a
range of different purposes, such as customising a website for a particular
user, helping a user navigate a website, improving that user's website
experience, and storing that user's preferences and login information.
Essential
and non-essential cookies
Cookies can be classified as either 'essential' or 'non-essential'.
Essential cookies: these are cookies that are either:
· used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications
over a network; or
· strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a
service on our website) which you have requested.
Non-essential cookies: these are any cookies that do not fall within the
definition of essential cookies, such as cookies used to analyse your behaviour
on a website ('analytical' cookies) or cookies used to display advertisements
to you ('advertising' cookies).
Session
and persistent cookies
Cookies can be classified as either 'session' or 'persistent', depending
on how long they last after they are placed on your browser.
Session cookies: session cookies last for as long as you keep your browser open. They expire
when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies: persistent cookies expire at a fixed point in time
or if you manually delete them from your browser, whichever occurs first.
First
and third party cookies
Cookies can be
classified as 'first party' or 'third party'.
First party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by our website domain.
Third party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by third party website
domains.
If you require further information about cookies in general,
please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
List of cookies used
Essential cookies
These are cookies which are strictly
necessary for our website to be able to operate or to provide you with a
service on our website which you have requested. We use the following essential
cookies on our website:
CART
The
association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores
the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The
items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your
preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An
encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An
indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An
encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores
the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A
flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You
sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows
guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The
last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The
most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates
whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates
whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link
to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the
site.
POLL
The ID
of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information
on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The
items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information
on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The
store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates
whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The
products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An
encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The
number of items in your Wishlist.
Legal basis for
processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from essential
cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data
Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: ensuring our site
functions properly and providing you with online services you have requested.
How to opt out of essential cookies
Most
browsers allow you to block all cookies, including essential cookies. Please
note, however, that if you block all cookies, parts of our website and its
functionality may not work or display properly.
You
can delete existing cookies from your browser by clearing your browsing data
and ensuring that the option to delete cookies is selected.
For
more detailed information on how to accept and reject cookies, including
guidance for specific browsers, please see the section below entitled How to
accept or reject cookies
Non-essential cookies
We use the following types of non-essential cookies on our website:
· Analytical (or performance) cookies
· Targeting (or advertising) cookies
Analytical (or performance)
cookies
Analytical (or performance) cookies track and gather data about what a
user does on a website. These cookies are not essential for our website or its
functionality to work. We use the following analytical cookies on our website:
Google Analytics cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies on our website. Google Analytics cookies are classified as first party cookies as they
are set by our website domain, although Google collects and processes
information from our use of Google Analytics. To find out more about how Google
handles information collected from Google Analytics, see Google Analytics'
privacy policy, which is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. Google Analytics cookies
help us understand how you engage and interact with our website, including how
you came to our website, which pages you visited, for how long and what you
clicked on and your location (based on your IP address) for example. The Google
Analytics cookies used on our website are:
_ga - which is a persistent cookie used to distinguish users and expires
after 2 years (but its expiration date is refreshed every time a hit is sent to
Google Analytics)
_gat - which is a session cookie used to throttle request rate and
expires after 1 minute.
The information we collect using analytical cookies is collected on an
anonymised basis.
More information
For information on how Google uses data from cookies it uses, please
visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How to opt in or out from analytical cookies
To opt out of Google Analytics tracking across all websites in general,
you can do so here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Processing information about you contained in or
obtained from analytical cookies
Legal basis for
processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from
analytical cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General
Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: analysing how
individuals use our website to help us improve our website and business. For
further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of analytical
cookies, including profiling, please see the section entitled Our use of automated
decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available
here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy.html.
Third party analytical (or performance) cookies
Third parties use cookies to analyse your use of
our website. Third party analytical cookies used in relation to our website
include:
Tawk.To Cookie – tawk.to uses cookies to help the website identify and track visitors,
their usage of the website, and their website access preferences. The Tawk.to
cookie used on our website is called __cfduid and is set by the CloudFlare service to
identify trusted web traffic. It does not store any personally identifiable
information. Expires after 1 year.
AddThis Cookies - Our website may allow you to share experience with your social networks. We use a 3rd party tool to enable this called "AddThis". By default AddThis does not create a cookie until you have clicked on the graphic or icon representing the sharing network you would like to use. By clicking the graphic or icon you consent to transmitting data to the respective social network. AddThis' privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: http://www.addthis.com/privacy.
YouTube Cookies - We may embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your device once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube's embedding videos information page: https://www.google.com/support/youtube/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=171780.
Other Social Media Cookies - We may display either (or both) of the following widgets:
a. Feed widgets (widgets that display a feed from our social network pages). These widgets do not create a cookie.
b. Sharing widgets (widgets such as Facebook Like, Twitter Share or AddThis) which enable you to share content of https://www.justgenerators.co.uk to your friends or followers. By default these do not create a cookie until you have clicked on the graphic or icon representing the sharing network you would like to use. By clicking the graphic or icon you consent to transmitting data to the respective social network.
Facebook's privacy policy on social plugins: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#socialplugin
Twitter's privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: https://twitter.com/privacy
AddThis' privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: http://www.addthis.com/privacy
Third party Targeting (or advertising) cookies
AdRoll Cookie – uses a cookie to display advertisements to you on other
websites based on your interests and behaviour and to measure their
effectiveness. You can find out how Adroll uses your information and how they
use cookies by accessing their privacy policy at https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy.
This cookie is called __adroll which identifies your device anonymously when
you move between different websites.
How to opt in or out from third party cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Web
beacons
We and any marketing companies we use (including Mailchimp and Springbot)
also embed web beacons in our marketing emails. Web beacons are small GIF image
files which enable us to track your receipt of our marketing emails, how often
you view our adverts or website pages, your location, IP address and browser
information. Web beacons are activated whenever you open a marketing email or
access a page on our website which contains a web beacon. Web beacons transmit
data when you view them but are not capable of accessing any other information
on your computer. Web beacons are not stored on your hard drive unless you
download a GIF image containing them.
Some (but not all) browsers enable you to restrict the use of web
beacons by either preventing them from sending information back to their source
(for example, when you choose browser settings that block cookies and trackers),
or by not accessing the images containing them (for example, if you select a
'do not display images (in emails)' setting in your email server).
How to opt in or out
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Legal basis for
processing: we process the information we gather from the use of web beacons in our legitimate
interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: analysing the
effectiveness of our email marketing campaigns. To find out more about our
use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which
is available here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
How to accept or reject cookies
There are a number of different ways in which you
can accept or reject some or all cookies. Some of the main methods of doing so
are described below:
You are welcome to block the use of some or all of
the cookies we use on our website. However, please be aware that doing so may
impair our website and its functionality or may even render some or all of it
unusable.
You should also be aware that clearing all cookies
from your browser will also delete any cookies that are storing your
preferences, for example, whether you have accepted cookies on a website or any
cookies that are blocking other cookies.
You can find more detailed information about
cookies and adjusting your browser settings by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org
Accepting or rejecting cookies
Browser
settings
You can accept or reject some or all cookies (for
example, blocking all third party cookies) by adjusting your browser settings.
If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about
how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web
browsers:
- Google
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
- Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-browsing-search-download-history-firefox?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Clear+Recent+History
- Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
- Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
Some browsers, such as Chrome and Firefox, allow
you to change your settings to browse in 'incognito' mode, limiting the amount
of data placed on your machine and automatically deleting any persistent
cookies placed on your device when you finish your browsing session. There are
also many thirdparty applications which you can add to your browser to block or
manage cookies.
Existing cookies
To clear cookies that have previously been placed
on your browser, you should select the option to clear your browsing history
and ensure that the option to delete or clear cookies is included when you do
so.
Google
Adsettings
You can manage and opt out of personalisation of advertisements by
Google by visiting Google's ad settings page herehttps://adssettings.google.com/andby:
- unticking the button entitled 'Also use Google Account activity and
information to personalize ads on these websites and apps and store that data
in your Google Account'; and
- switching the 'Ads Personalisation' setting off (i.e. by ensuring the
switch at the top of the page is set to the left/grey and not the right/blue).
Alternatively, you can install a free browser
plugin here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
Google
Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing
the browser add-on which is available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
AddThis Sharing Opt-out
You can opt out of these cookies at the following location:
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out
Web beacons
You can opt in to us using web beacons in our marketing emails by subscribing
to receive our newsletter and/or marketing communications from us.
You can opt out of our use of web beacons in our marketing emails by
unsubscribing from any of our newsletter and/or marketing communications.
Simply follow the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing communication
we send you or contact us at data@cjcltd.co.uk and we will remove you from any
further marketing communications.
Cookies Policy
This
Cookies Policy sets out the basis on which we, Calgary Just Companies Ltd, use
cookies and similar technologies on or in relation to our website, www.justgenerators.co.uk
(our website). This Cookies Policy
is effective from 31st April 2018
'Essential'
cookies are automatically placed on your computer or device when you access our
website or take certain actions on our website. 'Non-essential' cookies and
other technologies are only placed on your computer or device if you have consented
to us doing so. For information on the difference between essential and
non-essential cookies, see the section below entitled About cookies.
For
information on how you consent and how you can withdraw your consent to us
placing non-essential cookies and other technologies on your computer or device,
see the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies.
Contents
About cookies
List of cookies used
Essential cookies
Non-essential cookies
Web beacons
How to accept or reject cookies
About cookies
What are
cookies?
Cookies are small data files sent by a website's server to a web
browser, processor memory or hard drive and stored there. They can be used for a
range of different purposes, such as customising a website for a particular
user, helping a user navigate a website, improving that user's website
experience, and storing that user's preferences and login information.
Essential
and non-essential cookies
Cookies can be classified as either 'essential' or 'non-essential'.
Essential cookies: these are cookies that are either:
· used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications
over a network; or
· strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a
service on our website) which you have requested.
Non-essential cookies: these are any cookies that do not fall within the
definition of essential cookies, such as cookies used to analyse your behaviour
on a website ('analytical' cookies) or cookies used to display advertisements
to you ('advertising' cookies).
Session
and persistent cookies
Cookies can be classified as either 'session' or 'persistent', depending
on how long they last after they are placed on your browser.
Session cookies: session cookies last for as long as you keep your browser open. They expire
when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies: persistent cookies expire at a fixed point in time
or if you manually delete them from your browser, whichever occurs first.
First
and third party cookies
Cookies can be
classified as 'first party' or 'third party'.
First party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by our website domain.
Third party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by third party website
domains.
If you require further information about cookies in general,
please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
List of cookies used
Essential cookies
These are cookies which are strictly
necessary for our website to be able to operate or to provide you with a
service on our website which you have requested. We use the following essential
cookies on our website:
CART
The
association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores
the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The
items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your
preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An
encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An
indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An
encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores
the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A
flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You
sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows
guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The
last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The
most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates
whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates
whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link
to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the
site.
POLL
The ID
of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information
on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The
items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information
on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The
store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates
whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The
products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An
encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The
number of items in your Wishlist.
Legal basis for
processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from essential
cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data
Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: ensuring our site
functions properly and providing you with online services you have requested.
How to opt out of essential cookies
Most
browsers allow you to block all cookies, including essential cookies. Please
note, however, that if you block all cookies, parts of our website and its
functionality may not work or display properly.
You
can delete existing cookies from your browser by clearing your browsing data
and ensuring that the option to delete cookies is selected.
For
more detailed information on how to accept and reject cookies, including
guidance for specific browsers, please see the section below entitled How to
accept or reject cookies
Non-essential cookies
We use the following types of non-essential cookies on our website:
· Analytical (or performance) cookies
· Targeting (or advertising) cookies
Analytical (or performance)
cookies
Analytical (or performance) cookies track and gather data about what a
user does on a website. These cookies are not essential for our website or its
functionality to work. We use the following analytical cookies on our website:
Google Analytics cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies on our website. Google Analytics cookies are classified as first party cookies as they
are set by our website domain, although Google collects and processes
information from our use of Google Analytics. To find out more about how Google
handles information collected from Google Analytics, see Google Analytics'
privacy policy, which is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. Google Analytics cookies
help us understand how you engage and interact with our website, including how
you came to our website, which pages you visited, for how long and what you
clicked on and your location (based on your IP address) for example. The Google
Analytics cookies used on our website are:
_ga - which is a persistent cookie used to distinguish users and expires
after 2 years (but its expiration date is refreshed every time a hit is sent to
Google Analytics)
_gat - which is a session cookie used to throttle request rate and
expires after 1 minute.
The information we collect using analytical cookies is collected on an
anonymised basis.
More information
For information on how Google uses data from cookies it uses, please
visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How to opt in or out from analytical cookies
To opt out of Google Analytics tracking across all websites in general,
you can do so here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Processing information about you contained in or
obtained from analytical cookies
Legal basis for
processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from
analytical cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General
Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: analysing how
individuals use our website to help us improve our website and business. For
further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of analytical
cookies, including profiling, please see the section entitled Our use of automated
decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available
here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy.html.
Third party analytical (or performance) cookies
Third parties use cookies to analyse your use of
our website. Third party analytical cookies used in relation to our website
include:
Tawk.To Cookie – tawk.to uses cookies to help the website identify and track visitors,
their usage of the website, and their website access preferences. The Tawk.to
cookie used on our website is called __cfduid and is set by the CloudFlare service to
identify trusted web traffic. It does not store any personally identifiable
information. Expires after 1 year.
AddThis Cookies - Our website may allow you to share experience with your social networks. We use a 3rd party tool to enable this called "AddThis". By default AddThis does not create a cookie until you have clicked on the graphic or icon representing the sharing network you would like to use. By clicking the graphic or icon you consent to transmitting data to the respective social network. AddThis' privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: http://www.addthis.com/privacy.
YouTube Cookies - We may embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your device once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube's embedding videos information page: https://www.google.com/support/youtube/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=171780.
Other Social Media Cookies - We may display either (or both) of the following widgets:
a. Feed widgets (widgets that display a feed from our social network pages). These widgets do not create a cookie.
b. Sharing widgets (widgets such as Facebook Like, Twitter Share or AddThis) which enable you to share content of https://www.justgenerators.co.uk to your friends or followers. By default these do not create a cookie until you have clicked on the graphic or icon representing the sharing network you would like to use. By clicking the graphic or icon you consent to transmitting data to the respective social network.
Facebook's privacy policy on social plugins: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#socialplugin
Twitter's privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: https://twitter.com/privacy
AddThis' privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: http://www.addthis.com/privacy
Third party Targeting (or advertising) cookies
AdRoll Cookie – uses a cookie to display advertisements to you on other
websites based on your interests and behaviour and to measure their
effectiveness. You can find out how Adroll uses your information and how they
use cookies by accessing their privacy policy at https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy.
This cookie is called __adroll which identifies your device anonymously when
you move between different websites.
How to opt in or out from third party cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Web
beacons
We and any marketing companies we use (including Mailchimp and Springbot)
also embed web beacons in our marketing emails. Web beacons are small GIF image
files which enable us to track your receipt of our marketing emails, how often
you view our adverts or website pages, your location, IP address and browser
information. Web beacons are activated whenever you open a marketing email or
access a page on our website which contains a web beacon. Web beacons transmit
data when you view them but are not capable of accessing any other information
on your computer. Web beacons are not stored on your hard drive unless you
download a GIF image containing them.
Some (but not all) browsers enable you to restrict the use of web
beacons by either preventing them from sending information back to their source
(for example, when you choose browser settings that block cookies and trackers),
or by not accessing the images containing them (for example, if you select a
'do not display images (in emails)' setting in your email server).
How to opt in or out
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Legal basis for
processing: we process the information we gather from the use of web beacons in our legitimate
interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: analysing the
effectiveness of our email marketing campaigns. To find out more about our
use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which
is available here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
How to accept or reject cookies
There are a number of different ways in which you
can accept or reject some or all cookies. Some of the main methods of doing so
are described below:
You are welcome to block the use of some or all of
the cookies we use on our website. However, please be aware that doing so may
impair our website and its functionality or may even render some or all of it
unusable.
You should also be aware that clearing all cookies
from your browser will also delete any cookies that are storing your
preferences, for example, whether you have accepted cookies on a website or any
cookies that are blocking other cookies.
You can find more detailed information about
cookies and adjusting your browser settings by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org
Accepting or rejecting cookies
Browser
settings
You can accept or reject some or all cookies (for
example, blocking all third party cookies) by adjusting your browser settings.
If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about
how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web
browsers:
- Google
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
- Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-browsing-search-download-history-firefox?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Clear+Recent+History
- Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
- Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
Some browsers, such as Chrome and Firefox, allow
you to change your settings to browse in 'incognito' mode, limiting the amount
of data placed on your machine and automatically deleting any persistent
cookies placed on your device when you finish your browsing session. There are
also many thirdparty applications which you can add to your browser to block or
manage cookies.
Existing cookies
To clear cookies that have previously been placed
on your browser, you should select the option to clear your browsing history
and ensure that the option to delete or clear cookies is included when you do
so.
Google
Adsettings
You can manage and opt out of personalisation of advertisements by
Google by visiting Google's ad settings page herehttps://adssettings.google.com/andby:
- unticking the button entitled 'Also use Google Account activity and
information to personalize ads on these websites and apps and store that data
in your Google Account'; and
- switching the 'Ads Personalisation' setting off (i.e. by ensuring the
switch at the top of the page is set to the left/grey and not the right/blue).
Alternatively, you can install a free browser
plugin here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
Google
Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing
the browser add-on which is available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
AddThis Sharing Opt-out
You can opt out of these cookies at the following location:
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out
Web beacons
You can opt in to us using web beacons in our marketing emails by subscribing
to receive our newsletter and/or marketing communications from us.
You can opt out of our use of web beacons in our marketing emails by
unsubscribing from any of our newsletter and/or marketing communications.
Simply follow the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing communication
we send you or contact us at data@cjcltd.co.uk and we will remove you from any
further marketing communications.
Cookies Policy
This
Cookies Policy sets out the basis on which we, Calgary Just Companies Ltd, use
cookies and similar technologies on or in relation to our website, www.justgenerators.co.uk
(our website). This Cookies Policy
is effective from 31st April 2018
'Essential'
cookies are automatically placed on your computer or device when you access our
website or take certain actions on our website. 'Non-essential' cookies and
other technologies are only placed on your computer or device if you have consented
to us doing so. For information on the difference between essential and
non-essential cookies, see the section below entitled About cookies.
For
information on how you consent and how you can withdraw your consent to us
placing non-essential cookies and other technologies on your computer or device,
see the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies.
Contents
About cookies
List of cookies used
Essential cookies
Non-essential cookies
Web beacons
How to accept or reject cookies
About cookies
What are
cookies?
Cookies are small data files sent by a website's server to a web
browser, processor memory or hard drive and stored there. They can be used for a
range of different purposes, such as customising a website for a particular
user, helping a user navigate a website, improving that user's website
experience, and storing that user's preferences and login information.
Essential
and non-essential cookies
Cookies can be classified as either 'essential' or 'non-essential'.
Essential cookies: these are cookies that are either:
· used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications
over a network; or
· strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a
service on our website) which you have requested.
Non-essential cookies: these are any cookies that do not fall within the
definition of essential cookies, such as cookies used to analyse your behaviour
on a website ('analytical' cookies) or cookies used to display advertisements
to you ('advertising' cookies).
Session
and persistent cookies
Cookies can be classified as either 'session' or 'persistent', depending
on how long they last after they are placed on your browser.
Session cookies: session cookies last for as long as you keep your browser open. They expire
when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies: persistent cookies expire at a fixed point in time
or if you manually delete them from your browser, whichever occurs first.
First
and third party cookies
Cookies can be
classified as 'first party' or 'third party'.
First party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by our website domain.
Third party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by third party website
domains.
If you require further information about cookies in general,
please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
List of cookies used
Essential cookies
These are cookies which are strictly
necessary for our website to be able to operate or to provide you with a
service on our website which you have requested. We use the following essential
cookies on our website:
CART
The
association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores
the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The
items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your
preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An
encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An
indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An
encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores
the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A
flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You
sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows
guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The
last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The
most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates
whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates
whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link
to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the
site.
POLL
The ID
of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information
on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The
items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information
on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The
store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates
whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The
products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An
encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The
number of items in your Wishlist.
Legal basis for
processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from essential
cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data
Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: ensuring our site
functions properly and providing you with online services you have requested.
How to opt out of essential cookies
Most
browsers allow you to block all cookies, including essential cookies. Please
note, however, that if you block all cookies, parts of our website and its
functionality may not work or display properly.
You
can delete existing cookies from your browser by clearing your browsing data
and ensuring that the option to delete cookies is selected.
For
more detailed information on how to accept and reject cookies, including
guidance for specific browsers, please see the section below entitled How to
accept or reject cookies
Non-essential cookies
We use the following types of non-essential cookies on our website:
· Analytical (or performance) cookies
· Targeting (or advertising) cookies
Analytical (or performance)
cookies
Analytical (or performance) cookies track and gather data about what a
user does on a website. These cookies are not essential for our website or its
functionality to work. We use the following analytical cookies on our website:
Google Analytics cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies on our website. Google Analytics cookies are classified as first party cookies as they
are set by our website domain, although Google collects and processes
information from our use of Google Analytics. To find out more about how Google
handles information collected from Google Analytics, see Google Analytics'
privacy policy, which is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. Google Analytics cookies
help us understand how you engage and interact with our website, including how
you came to our website, which pages you visited, for how long and what you
clicked on and your location (based on your IP address) for example. The Google
Analytics cookies used on our website are:
_ga - which is a persistent cookie used to distinguish users and expires
after 2 years (but its expiration date is refreshed every time a hit is sent to
Google Analytics)
_gat - which is a session cookie used to throttle request rate and
expires after 1 minute.
The information we collect using analytical cookies is collected on an
anonymised basis.
More information
For information on how Google uses data from cookies it uses, please
visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How to opt in or out from analytical cookies
To opt out of Google Analytics tracking across all websites in general,
you can do so here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Processing information about you contained in or
obtained from analytical cookies
Legal basis for
processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from
analytical cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General
Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: analysing how
individuals use our website to help us improve our website and business. For
further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of analytical
cookies, including profiling, please see the section entitled Our use of automated
decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available
here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy.html.
Third party analytical (or performance) cookies
Third parties use cookies to analyse your use of
our website. Third party analytical cookies used in relation to our website
include:
Tawk.To Cookie – tawk.to uses cookies to help the website identify and track visitors,
their usage of the website, and their website access preferences. The Tawk.to
cookie used on our website is called __cfduid and is set by the CloudFlare service to
identify trusted web traffic. It does not store any personally identifiable
information. Expires after 1 year.
AddThis Cookies - Our website may allow you to share experience with your social networks. We use a 3rd party tool to enable this called "AddThis". By default AddThis does not create a cookie until you have clicked on the graphic or icon representing the sharing network you would like to use. By clicking the graphic or icon you consent to transmitting data to the respective social network. AddThis' privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: http://www.addthis.com/privacy.
YouTube Cookies - We may embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your device once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube's embedding videos information page: https://www.google.com/support/youtube/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=171780.
Other Social Media Cookies - We may display either (or both) of the following widgets:
a. Feed widgets (widgets that display a feed from our social network pages). These widgets do not create a cookie.
b. Sharing widgets (widgets such as Facebook Like, Twitter Share or AddThis) which enable you to share content of https://www.justgenerators.co.uk to your friends or followers. By default these do not create a cookie until you have clicked on the graphic or icon representing the sharing network you would like to use. By clicking the graphic or icon you consent to transmitting data to the respective social network.
Facebook's privacy policy on social plugins: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#socialplugin
Twitter's privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: https://twitter.com/privacy
AddThis' privacy policy on cookies and information sharing: http://www.addthis.com/privacy
Third party Targeting (or advertising) cookies
AdRoll Cookie – uses a cookie to display advertisements to you on other
websites based on your interests and behaviour and to measure their
effectiveness. You can find out how Adroll uses your information and how they
use cookies by accessing their privacy policy at https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy.
This cookie is called __adroll which identifies your device anonymously when
you move between different websites.
How to opt in or out from third party cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Web
beacons
We and any marketing companies we use (including Mailchimp and Springbot)
also embed web beacons in our marketing emails. Web beacons are small GIF image
files which enable us to track your receipt of our marketing emails, how often
you view our adverts or website pages, your location, IP address and browser
information. Web beacons are activated whenever you open a marketing email or
access a page on our website which contains a web beacon. Web beacons transmit
data when you view them but are not capable of accessing any other information
on your computer. Web beacons are not stored on your hard drive unless you
download a GIF image containing them.
Some (but not all) browsers enable you to restrict the use of web
beacons by either preventing them from sending information back to their source
(for example, when you choose browser settings that block cookies and trackers),
or by not accessing the images containing them (for example, if you select a
'do not display images (in emails)' setting in your email server).
How to opt in or out
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Legal basis for
processing: we process the information we gather from the use of web beacons in our legitimate
interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: analysing the
effectiveness of our email marketing campaigns. To find out more about our
use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which
is available here: https://www.justgenerators.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
How to accept or reject cookies
There are a number of different ways in which you
can accept or reject some or all cookies. Some of the main methods of doing so
are described below:
You are welcome to block the use of some or all of
the cookies we use on our website. However, please be aware that doing so may
impair our website and its functionality or may even render some or all of it
unusable.
You should also be aware that clearing all cookies
from your browser will also delete any cookies that are storing your
preferences, for example, whether you have accepted cookies on a website or any
cookies that are blocking other cookies.
You can find more detailed information about
cookies and adjusting your browser settings by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org
Accepting or rejecting cookies
Browser
settings
You can accept or reject some or all cookies (for
example, blocking all third party cookies) by adjusting your browser settings.
If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about
how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web
browsers:
- Google
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
- Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-browsing-search-download-history-firefox?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Clear+Recent+History
- Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
- Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
Some browsers, such as Chrome and Firefox, allow
you to change your settings to browse in 'incognito' mode, limiting the amount
of data placed on your machine and automatically deleting any persistent
cookies placed on your device when you finish your browsing session. There are
also many thirdparty applications which you can add to your browser to block or
manage cookies.
Existing cookies
To clear cookies that have previously been placed
on your browser, you should select the option to clear your browsing history
and ensure that the option to delete or clear cookies is included when you do
so.
Google
Adsettings
You can manage and opt out of personalisation of advertisements by
Google by visiting Google's ad settings page herehttps://adssettings.google.com/andby:
- unticking the button entitled 'Also use Google Account activity and
information to personalize ads on these websites and apps and store that data
in your Google Account'; and
- switching the 'Ads Personalisation' setting off (i.e. by ensuring the
switch at the top of the page is set to the left/grey and not the right/blue).
Alternatively, you can install a free browser
plugin here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
Google
Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing
the browser add-on which is available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
AddThis Sharing Opt-out
You can opt out of these cookies at the following location:
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out
Web beacons
You can opt in to us using web beacons in our marketing emails by subscribing
to receive our newsletter and/or marketing communications from us.
You can opt out of our use of web beacons in our marketing emails by
unsubscribing from any of our newsletter and/or marketing communications.
Simply follow the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing communication
we send you or contact us at data@cjcltd.co.uk and we will remove you from any
further marketing communications.
Copyright © 2020 Calgary Just Companies Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Registered in England No. 04338715. VAT Number GB 785469862.