http://www.servicecall.ca/privacy/
Serving Ontario
local (416) 742-7772
toll-free 1(866) 999-HVAC
Client Login
Services
Company
Contact
Privacy Policy
NorthRock Inc. PRIVACY POLICY
NorthRock Inc. (the “Company”) is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its users. Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Service.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Service” refers to the Company’s service which can be accessed via our website at http://www.servicecall.ca. in which users can view company information and login to view account information. The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the Company. “You” refers to you, as a user of Service. By accepting our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect only “Non-Personal Information”. Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, general demographic information we may collect, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and number of clicks.
1. Information collected via Technology
In an effort to improve the quality of the Service, we track information provided to us by your browser or by our software application when you view or use the Service, such as the website you came from (known as the “referring URL”), the type of browser you use, the device from which you connected to the Service, the time and date of access, and other information that does not personally identify you. We track this information using cookies, or small text files which include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to a user’s browser from our servers and are stored on the user’s computer hard drive. Sending a cookie to a user’s browser enables us to collect Non-Personal information about that user and keep a record of the user’s preferences when utilizing our services, both on an individual and aggregate basis. For example, the Company may use cookies to collect data showing your last visit, and what pages you viewed.
The Company may use both persistent and session cookies; persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your session and until you delete them, while session cookies expire when you close your browser. We use this information to help log you in and out of the Client Login area(s).
II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION
Non-Personal Information
In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the Service and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information in order to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties at our discretion.
In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Non-Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Site so that you may opt out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check the Site periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
III. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
We implement security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. Your account is protected by your account password and we urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by not disclosing your password and by logging out of your account after each use. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
IV. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Company reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of Service at any time. We will notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should periodically check the Site and this privacy page for updates.
V. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us by sending an email to 						.
Last Updated: This Privacy Policy was last updated on Aug 22, 2016.
© Copyright
NorthRock Inc.™
Privacy Policy |
Client Login
Home
Services
Repairs
Maintenance
Replacement
Installations
Electrical
Company
About Us
Liability Insurance
Protection Guide
Dealerships
News
Contact