https://www.reitanoinsurance.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Reitano Insurance
Reitano Insurance Logo
Automobile Icon
Bed Icon
Briefcase Icon
Comments Icon
Envelope Icon
External Link Icon
Facebook Icon
Flickr Icon
Google+ Icon
Home Icon
Heartbeat Icon
Instagram Icon
LinkedIn Icon
Menu Icon
Newspaper Icon
Paypal Icon
Pinterest Logo
Skype Icon
Tumblr Icon
Twitter Icon
Umbrella Icon
USD Icon
Vimeo Icon
Yelp Icon
Youtube Icon
Up Arrow Icon
Home
Products
Automobile / Motorcycle / Boat Insurance
Business Insurance
Health Insurance
Homeowner’s Insurance
Life Insurance
Worker’s Compensation
Get A Quote!
Frequently Asked Questions
Accident Checklist
Contact Us
Directions
Area Information
Glossary of Insurance Terms
Making a Claim
Up
Full Menu
Auto
Home
Health
Life
Business
Contact
Get Quote
Blog
Down
Serving South Florida Since 1996
From the Same Convenient Location
(800) 449-1857
Se habla Español
Make a Payment
Privacy Policy
Reitano Insurance respects the privacy concerns of the users of the Internet and of this Web site. We are of the mindset that it is our duty to let you know how we treat the information about you we receive on the Internet, and this privacy statement will explain what information we gather and how such information may be used.
First, you can visit Reitano Insurance on the World Wide Web without telling anything about you or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, our web servers do collect traffic information such as domains hitting our site, time spent on site, etc, and is aggregated to measure statistics and demographics to help facilitate repeat visits in the future when applicable. Reitano Insurance only collects personal information if you choose to provide that information.
This site may include various quote or policy forms that will request that you give us contact information (such as name, mailing, e-mail address) demographic information (such as age gender.) Personally identifiable information will NEVER be sold or leased to any third parties.
Reitano Insurance Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Reitano Insurance does not endorse, approve, certify or control these external Websites, and is not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, efficacy, merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose or correct sequencing of information located at such sites. Rather, the links on this Site to other Websites are provided solely as a convenience to users of this Site, and they may or may not find them useful.
Security for all personally identifiable or corporate information is extremely important to us, but unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure though we strive to do so. As a result unless we are using SSL to secure information, Reitano Insurance cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through this Web site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Contact Us
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneMessageNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
©2020 Reitano Insurance. All Rights Reserved
//
(800) 449-1857
//
info@reitanoinsurance.com
//
Privacy Policy