http://www.nexengroup.com/nxn/index/privacy
Toggle navigation
Login
News
Offices
Resources
Nexen Group's customers span multiple industries including aerospace, robotics, machine tool, automotive, factory automation, packaging and material handling.   Satisfy performance expectations!
Login
News
Offices
Products
Precision Linear Positioning
Rack & Roller Pinion Systems
Precision Rotary Positioning
Indexing & Positioning - zero backlash
Rotary Indexer
Gearing - zero backlash
Geared Bearings
Gears & Segments
Harmonic Gearhead
Precision Linear & Rotary Holding
Linear Holding
Rail Brake-Safety Certified
Rod Lock-Safety Certified
Ball Screw Brake-Zero Backlash
Rotary Holding - zero backlash
Servo Motor Brake
Servo Motor Brake-Safety Certified
Ball Screw Brake
Indexer Brake
Shaft Mount Brake
Servo Gearheads - zero backlash
Harmonic
Brakes
Brakes-Spring Engaged Rotary
Shaft Mount
Shaft Mount - Industry 4.0
Flange or Foot Mount
Caliper
Tooth Clutch
Servo Motor Brake
Servo Motor Brake-Safety Certified
Ball Screw Brake
Rail Brakes-Manual
Linear
Rod Lock-Safety Certified
Rail Brake-Safety Certified
Brakes-Air Engaged Rotary
Shaft Mount
Flange or Foot Mount
Tooth Clutch
Caliper
Drum
Tension Control
Clutches
Clutches-Tooth
Spring Engaged
Air Engaged
Clutches-Friction
Flange & Foot Mount
Shaft Mount
Tension Control
Clutch/Brake Combinations
Flange (NEMA C/IEC) & Foot Mount
Spring Engaged Brake
Air Engaged Brake
Oil Bath Air Engaged
Shaft Mounted
Driven Shaft
Driving Shaft
Web Tension
Web Tension
Clutches
Brakes
Web Tension Controls
Controllers
Sensors
Meters & Amplifiers
Web Guide Systems
Torque Limiters & Couplings
Torque Limiters
Pneumatic
Mechanical
Friction
Couplings
Linear
Accessories
Custom Solutions
Resources
Overview
Technical Publications
Installation & Maintenance
Nexen Videos
FAQ
Contact Us
Overview
Email Us
Distributors
Sales Representatives
Company
Company Profile
News
Our Locations
History
Careers
Nexen Group, Inc. Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thank you for visiting us at www.nexengroup.com (the "Site") which is owned and operated by Nexen Group, Inc. ("Nexen," "we," "our"). We recognize you may have questions about Nexen's collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information.
Accordingly, we want to share with you this Privacy Policy.
We value our relationship with you and want to help keep your experience on our Site secure, enjoyable, efficient and easy.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact info@nexengroup.com.
By interacting with us via the Site, or otherwise using the Site, you confirm your awareness of this Privacy Policy.
Nexen is considered a data processor under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and relies, in part, on third parties to process and control data on our behalf. We select GDPR complaint vendors to provide the highest standards in data safeguarding, storage and transmission.
What we collect
We collect personal identifiable information ("PII") from you.
This is information that can be used to identify you individually.
This includes your name, business name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and account information, such as user name and preferences.
We collect "non-personal" information ("NPI") from you.
NPI cannot be easily used to personally identify you.
It includes, for example, the type of web browser you use, the URL of the previous website you visited, clickstream patterns, your ISP, your operating system and your IP address.
PII and NPI are collectively referred to here as "Information."
How and when Information is collected
We collect PII from you when you provide it to us.
For example, we collect PII when you register on our Site, complete a transaction, use our software, or otherwise communicate with us. We also use cookies, pixel tags and other tracking technology to collect NPI when you access our Site. When you access or otherwise use our Site, we automatically collect NPI as follows:
Location information: our Site may collect precise geolocation information from your mobile device with your prior consent. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you may be able to subsequently stop the collection of this information through your device operating system settings. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove the mobile applications from your device.
Device and log information: we may collect information about the computer or mobile device use to access our Site, mobile network information, type of operating system, type of hardware used in the type of browser used we also log information about your use of the Site, including access times, pages viewed, IP address, other standard web log data, and the page visited before and after navigating to our Site.
Browsing behavior: our cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other tracking technologies will collect information about your browsing behavior on our Site.
How we use the Information we collect
We use PII to process your requests or transactions, provide you with products or services, and inform you about other products and services we think will be of interest.
In addition, we use PII we collect to:
contact you for administrative purposes or provide you with customer service;
respond to questions, problems or other inquiries, or request your feedback;
organize the Site, our services and activities to better serve you, or develop our products and services; and
send you emails or other communications containing information about the products or services you requested.
PII collected via our Site may be linked together or merged with other PII we obtain about you so we better understand your needs.
NPI is used to track your use of the Site and other internal purposes, such as Site maintenance, evaluation and user-experience.
We use third parties such as ad servers or network advertisers to deliver ads to you on our behalf.
These third parties may use cookies or similar technology to collect NPI about your visit to our Site for the purpose of presenting advertisements that may be of interest to you.
Consistent with GDPR requirements, you may refuse or decline these cookies via your browser settings.
Disclosure of your PII
We will not sell or rent any PII to third parties for their own marketing purposes.
We share PII with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business.
These functions include, for example, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance and processing payment transactions.
In all cases, we limit the PII shared with our third-party vendors to that which is necessary to carry out such functions.
We also disclose PII when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law, to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, to initiate, render, bill and collect amounts owed to us, and to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of this Site.
Finally, PII may be disclosed as a part of any business combination or transferred to a third party as a business asset in connection with an insolvency or similar proceeding involving Nexen.
Disclosure of your PII
Regarding your PII, you have the following options:
Delete data: you can request deletion of your PII. We will delete the PII we are not legally obligated to keep and since some of the PII is necessary to provide Nexen services to you, you will not be able to use some of our services after such deletion;
Change or correct data: you have the right to request a change in any incorrect PII that we have collected;
Object to or limit or restrict use of data: you can request we stop using all or some of your PII if we have no other legal right to keep using it, or to limit our use of your PII if inaccurate or unlawfully held; and
Right to access and/or take your personal data: you have the right to pass customer copy of your PII and can ask for a copy of PII you provided in machine-readable form.
You can make a request for any of the above actions by sending an email to: info@nexengroup.com. With respect to all procedures relating to the collection, processing and storage of your PII, you have the right to appeal to the FTC Data Security (https://www.ftc.gov./tips-advice/business-center/privacy-and-security/data-security).
Security
We implement and maintain security practices and procedures to help protect the confidentiality and security of your PII, including any nonpublic personal information. We protect your PII using reasonable physical, technical and administrative security measures, including by limiting access to your information to employees with a need to know such information. To make sure your PII is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to our employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within our company.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this Site, or this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us using our request information page or send an email to: info@nexengroup.com.
This Privacy Policy was updated on May 25, 2018
Companies We're Proud to Have Worked With:
Nexen Group, Inc.560 Oak Grove ParkwayVadnais Heights
MN
55127800-843-7445651-484-5900
Home |
Company Profile |
Email Us |
Employment |
Privacy Policy |
Terms and Conditions
Copyright 2020 Nexen Group, Inc. | All Rights Reserved.