http://www.scefcu.org/online-banking-terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Announcements Bar
Coronavirus Notification - orange
Get the latest updates on our response to COVID-19 here!
Informational Links/Language Switcher
Language switcher
EnglishEspañol
Leaderboard Navigation
Icon Menu
Contact Us
ATMs & Branches
800.866.6474
Search
Log In
Routing # 322280032
Navbar
Highlighted
Basic Elements - Banner
Basic Elements - Banner:Unpublished Preview
Main Content
By clicking the “I have read and accept the Terms and Conditions” box on the previous page, you are consenting to receive the following disclosures, terms and conditions, and other notices electronically. We recommend you read these disclosures carefully.
SCE FCU Consent to Receive Disclosures Electronically
The following disclosures are required by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (“eSIGN”). Acceptance is necessary prior to use of online banking; you can record your consent to the eSIGN and online banking disclosures by placing a checkmark in the I have read and accepted the Terms and Conditions box on the previous page. Your consent here does not automatically enroll you in eStatements. You must complete a separate enrollment to stop receiving paper statements by U.S. Mail.
Electronic Delivery of Disclosures & Notices
In order to use SCE FCU’s Online Banking product and to access, receive and retain the disclosures, notices, forms, etc. you must provide at your own expense an internet connected device compatible with SCE FCU’s Online Banking Product. Your device must meet the minimum requirements outlined below.
System Requirements to:
system requirements
Access Information
To receive an electronic copy of the disclosures, notices, terms and conditions, documents, and forms you must have the following equipment and software:
An internet browser that supports 128-bit encryption, such as the latest versions of Internet Explorer, Chrome or Safari;
An email account and email software capable of reading and responding to your email;
A personal computer, operating system and telecommunications connections to the internet capable of supporting the foregoing;
Sufficient electronic storage capacity on your computer's harddrive or other data storage unit;
A printer capable of printing from your browser and email software;
A phone capable of accepting either a voice response or text message; and
A software which enables you to receive and access Portable Document Format (PDF) files, such as Adobe Acrobat Reader® version 8.0 and above. Your access to this page verifies that your system/device has the necessary software to permit you to receive and access PDF files.
In order to access and use Mobile Banking you must have a compatible and supported mobile device served by a certified mobile carrier. The mobile device must be enabled to receive and transmit data, and must include texting functionality.
Retain Information
To retain a copy of the disclosures, notices, terms and conditions, documents and forms, your device must have the ability to download and store PDF files.
Paper Delivery of Disclosures & Notices
You have the right to receive a paper copy of the disclosures, notices, terms and conditions, documents, and forms. To receive a paper copy at no charge, please request it by stating that you are requesting a copy of the disclosures, notices, etc. in one of the following manners:
requests
eMail
Send an email to memberservices@scefcu.org with your name and mailing address
Phone
Give us a call at 800.866.6474
Mail
Write to us with your name and mailing address at SCE Federal Credit Union, Account Administration, PO Box 8017, El Monte CA 91734-2317
Withdrawal of Electronic Acceptance of Disclosures & Notices
To withdraw your consent to receive any future disclosures, notices, terms and conditions, and other documents electronically, call us at 800.866.6474 or write to us with your request at SCE Federal Credit Union, Account Administration, PO Box 8017, El Monte CA 91734-2317.
Contact Information
It is your responsibility to provide us with a true, accurate and complete email address, contact, and other information related to your account. You agree to maintain and update information, as necessary. To update your information call us at 800.866.6474 or write to us with your name, email and mailing address at SCE Federal Credit Union, Account Administration, PO Box 8017, El Monte CA 91734-2317.
Online Banking Agreement & Disclosure
This Online Banking Agreement & Disclosure (Agreement) describes your rights and obligations as a user of the Online Banking service and/or Bill Payment service (Services). It also describes the rights and obligations of SCE FCU (Credit Union). Please read this Agreement carefully. By requesting and using one of these Services, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Each of your accounts at SCE FCU is also governed by your Membership Agreement & Disclosure. In addition to this Online Banking Agreement & Disclosure, you agree to be bound by and will comply with the requirements of the applicable Membership Agreement & Disclosure, the Credit Union's rules and regulations, and applicable State and Federal laws and regulations. We agree to be bound by them also.
Definitions
Definitions
Online Banking
The internet-based service providing access to your Credit Union account(s)
Online Account
The Credit Union account from which you will be conducting transactions using a Service
Password
The customer-generated code selected by you for use during the initial sign-on, or the codes you select after the initial sign-on, that establishes your connection to the Service
Bill Pay
The online service that enables the scheduling of bill payments using a personal computer
ISP
Internet Service Provider
PC
Your personal computer which enables you, with an internet browser and ISP to access your online account
Time of day
Pacific Standard Time
User ID
Identification code assigned to you for your connection to the Service
We, Us or Credit Union
Refers to SCE FCU which offers the Services and which holds the accounts accessed by the Services
You or Your
Refers to the owner of the account or the authorized representative
Access to Services
To access your accounts Online, you must have a Credit Union account, a User ID and a password. You will be given a temporary password for your use to log on for the first time. Upon logging in the first time, you will be required to create a new User ID and password. You will use the new User ID and password at the time of each subsequent login to SCE FCU Online.
You may change your password at any time through My Settings within Online banking. We recommend you change your password regularly. For security purposes, it is recommended you memorize your password and do not write it down. You are responsible for keeping your User ID, password, member numbers and other account data confidential.
You may access your Online Accounts 24-hours a day, seven (7) days a week. However, availability of the Services may be suspended for brief periods of time for purposes of maintenance, updating and revising the software. The terms of this Agreement apply whenever you use the Online Banking or Bill Pay service to transact on your account.
Password and Security
You agree not to give or make available your password or other means to access your account to any unauthorized individuals. You are responsible for all payments and transactions you authorize using SCE FCU Online Service. If you permit other persons to use any SCE FCU Online Service, your password, or other means to access your account, you are responsible for any transactions they authorize. If you believe that your password or other means to access your account has been lost or stolen, you must notify us at once by calling the Credit Union at 800.866.6474.
Consent to Contact
You agree we and/or our third-party debt collectors may contact you by phone or text message at any phone number associated with your account, including wireless phone numbers (i.e. cellphone numbers), which could result in charges to you, in order to service your account, prevent fraud or collect any amounts owed to us, excluding any contacts for advertising and telemarketing purposes as prescribed by law. You further agree methods of contact may include use of prerecorded or artificial voice messages, and/or use of an automatic dialing device. You may withdraw the consent to be contacted at your wireless phone number(s) at any time by written notice to us at SCE Federal Credit Union, PO Box 8017, El Monte CA 91734-2317, by email to memberservices@scefcu.org, by phone at 800.866.6474 or by any other reasonable means. If you have provided or provide a wireless phone number(s) to us in connection with your accounts, or any of them, you represent and agree you are the wireless subscriber or customary user with respect to the wireless phone number(s) provided and have the authority to give this consent. Furthermore, you agree to notify us of any change to the wireless phone number(s) which you provide to us. You agree to indemnify us and our third-party debt collectors, and hold us and our third-party debt collectors harmless, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses (including any attorneys' fees) that arise out your breach of any of the foregoing representations and agreements.
Transfer of Funds
In addition to viewing account information, you may use Online Banking to conduct the transfer of funds. You may make one-time transfers or schedule future or recurring transfers such as transfers to make loan payments. You may transfer funds among your checking accounts, savings accounts and money market accounts.
notice
Because regulations require the Credit Union to limit preauthorized transfers (including Online Banking transfers), the following limitations apply:
Savings accounts – You can make no more than six (6) transfers per statement period by preauthorized or automatic transfer, by phone, or Online Banking.
Money Market accounts – You can make no more than six (6) transfers per statement period by preauthorized or automatic transfer, by phone, or Online Banking; or no more than six (6) may be by check, draft or debit card.
Please note: If there are not sufficient funds in the account, we cannot complete this transfer; however, future recurring transfers will not be impacted.
Additional Services – New services may be introduced for Online Banking from time to time. The Credit Union will notify you of the existence of these new services. By using these services when they become available, you agree to be bound by the rules that will be made available to you concerning these services.
Statements
You will continue to receive your regular account statement either monthly or quarterly, depending on the type of account unless you subsequently opt into eStatements.
Use of Your Security Password
You are responsible for keeping your password and Online Account information confidential. In order to protect yourself against fraud, you should adhere to the following guidelines:
guidelines
Do not give out your account information, Password or User ID;
Do not leave your PC unattended while you are in the Credit Union’s Online Banking site;
Never leave your account information within range of others; and
Do not send privileged account information (account number, Password, etc.) in any public or general email system
notice
If you believe your password has been lost or stolen, or if you suspect any fraudulent activity on your account, call the Credit Union immediately at 800.866.6474. If you are unable to reach us for any reason, we recommend you use the Password change feature within Online Banking to change your Password if you suspect it has been compromised. Contacting the Credit Union is the best way of minimizing your losses and liability.
Electronic Mail (eMail)
If you send the Credit Union an email message, the Credit Union will be deemed to have received it on the following business day. You should not rely on email if you need to report an unauthorized transaction from one of your accounts or if you need to stop a payment that is scheduled to occur.
notice
eMail transmissions outside of the Online Banking site are not secure. We advise you not to send us or ask for sensitive information such as account numbers, Password, account information, etc. via any general or public email system. If you wish to contact us electronically, please use the secure form in Online Banking to email the Credit Union regarding inquiries about an electronic funds transfer error resolution, reporting unauthorized transactions, or contacting the Credit Union regarding other concerns of a confidential nature.
Bill Pay Services Disclosure
The Credit Union’s Bill Pay service is available to you under guidelines described in this agreement. You authorize the Credit Union to debit your designated Checking account(s) for any transactions processed through the use of our Bill Pay service, including all charges as shown in our Fees & Charges associated with Bill Pay service. Requirements and your responsibilities for use of this service are described below.
To use Bill Pay, you must have a computer, modem, internet service, browser, your account number and a PIN or Access Code.
Your Payees
Payee records are created by you and should include all the necessary data to make your payment, such as payee name, address, phone number and account number.
You may add and edit payees within the Bill Pay service. The Credit Union may update these records without any further notification to correct errors or update account information as provided by the payee in order to process your payment. Editing payees is limited to your personal information such as: the payee nickname, account number, phone, name on account and payment category. The Credit Union is not responsible if you provide invalid, incomplete or incorrect payee information which results in a bill payment that cannot be processed and/or is misrouted.
The payee details will indicate the number of days required for processing. Payments made by check require a minimum of five (5) business days for processing and electronic payments require a minimum of two (2) business days for processing.
Scheduling a Payment
Payments can be scheduled to any payee from your checking account on any date shown on the bill pay system calendar as an available “deliver by” date. The “deliver by” date is the date the Payee will receive payment. These dates are limited to Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Holidays.
In order to ensure payments are received by the “deliver by” date, payments are processed (but not charged to your account) two (2) business days before the “deliver by” date after 1pm (PST) for electronic payments. Payments made by check are processed five (5) business days before the “deliver by” date after 1pm (PST) and are charged once the Payee negotiates the issued check which is drawn directly on the designated Checking account. Please make sure you have available funds in your account at least four (4) days prior to your selected due date as the funds can clear as soon as your payee receives the check. The maximum payment amount is $9,999.99 per transaction.
Bill Payment Withdrawals
Scheduled electronic payments will be withdrawn from your account as early as 4am (PST) but no later than 9am (PST) on the “deliver by” date you have specified.
The funds for check payments will be debited from your account when the payee receives and negotiates the check. We send the check up to five (5) days before your due date.
notice
To determine if a payment will be paid electronically or by check, locate the payment in the Scheduled Payments section of the main page and click the Edit icon. How a payment is scheduled to be made, electronic or check, will display in the pop-up box next to Type.
It is your responsibility to have sufficient funds for the payment to be processed. In the event you do not have sufficient funds, you may be assessed an overdraft, Courtesy Pay or NSF fee as a result of these transactions as disclosed in our Fees & Charges. The Credit Union may overdraft from your other share accounts (as applicable) according to the instructions you have given the Credit Union (if any) if there are not sufficient funds in the designated Checking account.
Transactions Available
transactions
Add/Edit Payees
Payees refers to the entity to which you pay bills. The payee can be a company, organization, or individual. The Add/Edit Payee feature allows you to add payees to, delete payees from, or edit payee information on your personal list of payees
Nonrecurring payments
The feature allows you to schedule one-time payments to payees and enable you to specify the amount of the payment and the processing date
Recurring payments
This feature allows you to schedule recurring payments to payees
View History
View History permits you to see payments made over a specified time period
Limitations on Transactions
The Credit Union will not be held liable under any circumstances for payments made to any of the following:
Tax payments (IRS, Franchise Tax Board, Tax Assessor)
DMV payments
Court ordered payments
Security trade purchases
Child Support payments
Payments outside of the United States
Methods & Restrictions
Payments are made to your payee either electronically via the Automated Clearing House (ACH), by check, or laser draft. The method of payment depends upon the processing method that can be accommodated by the payee or by our Bill Pay service provider.
It is important that you take into consideration what method of bill payment will be used when scheduling bill payments to ensure payment deadlines are met. If the payee accepts electronic bill payment, the payment may take up to two (2) business days to be delivered. If the payee does not accept electronic bill payment, the payment will be sent in a check form, and may take up to five (5) business days to be delivered. Expedited payment delivery options may be available for an additional charge. The Bill Pay system will display the expedited delivery date based on the payee payment method, either electronic or check. Refer to our Fees & Charges for cost of an expedited electronic and expedited check payment.
This service may be revoked at any time by the Credit Union and any payments scheduled may be cancelled at any time without further notification in the event of misuse, fraud, and/or abuse. The Credit Union may restrict your account from scheduling further payments if you have scheduled a payment and have insufficient funds in your account to cover the payment, in the event you have a delinquent loan, or if your account fails to comply with guidelines specified in this disclosure.
Editing or Cancelling a Pending Payment
You may edit or cancel any one-time or recurring pending payment via Bill Pay prior to the payment processing date. You may not edit or cancel a payment after the payment has been processed by our Bill Pay service provider.
Stop Payment
You may request a stop payment on a Bill Pay check if the check has not been negotiated. A Stop Payment fee will be charged to your account as stated in our Fees & Charges.
To place a stop payment, call us at 800.866.6474 or write to us at PO Box 8017, El Monte, CA 91734 Attn: Electronic Services. If you call, we may also require you to put your request in writing and get it to us within fourteen (14) days after you call.
eMail Notifications
An automated notification will be sent to the primary email address on file whenever any of the following take place:
A new payee is added or edited
A payment was made
An automatic payment is scheduled or cancelled
Your Bill Pay funding account is blocked
Member Responsibilities
You are responsible for:
Data input of payee information (payment amount(s), name, address, and any other pertinent information); you must allow sufficient time for bill payments to be processed so that funds can be delivered to the merchant on or before the due date;
Any late payment, late fees, interest payments, and service fees charged by merchant(s) as a result of incorrect information or failing to schedule before the due date;
Any overdraft, NSF or stop payment fees charged by the Credit Union as a result of these transactions;
Maintaining a current, valid email address and review of email notifications; and
Reporting any inaccurate or suspicious activity to our Electronic Services department by calling during business hours at 800.866.6474
Fees & Charges
Refer to the Credit Union’s current Fees & Charges to see current fees.
Term and Termination
Term and Termination
terms
Term
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until termination in accordance with the following provisions.
Termination for Cause
We may immediately terminate your electronic banking privileges (including the Bill Pay service) without notice to you under the following circumstances:
You do not pay any fee required by this Agreement when due; or
You do not comply with the agreement governing your deposit or loan accounts, or your accounts are not maintained in good standing
We will promptly notify you if we terminate this Agreement or your use of the Services for any other reason.
Liability
This section explains our liability to you only to the extent that any other agreements, notices or disclosures have not separately disclosed our liability. In no event shall we be liable to you for failure to provide access to your Online Banking or Bill Pay services accounts. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, we are only responsible for performing the Online Banking and Bill Pay services as delineated in this Agreement. We will be liable for the amount of any material losses or damages incurred by you and resulting directly from our gross negligence.
We will not be liable to you in the following instances:
If through no fault of the Credit Union, you do not have enough money in your account to make the transfer
If circumstances beyond our control (such as fire, flood, power outage, equipment or technical failure, or breakdown) prevents the transfer despite reasonable precautions that we have taken
If there is a hold on your account, or if access to your account is blocked, in accordance with Credit Union policy
If your funds are subject to a legal proceeding or other encumbrance restricting the transfer
If your transfer authorization terminates by operation of law
If you believe someone has accessed your accounts without your permission and you fail to notify the Credit Union immediately
If you have not properly followed the instructions on how to make a transfer included in this Agreement
If we have received incomplete or inaccurate information from you or a third-party involving the account or transfer
If we have a reasonable basis for believing that unauthorized use of your Password or account has occurred or may be occurring, or if you default under this Agreement, the deposit account agreement, a credit agreement, or an other agreement with us, or if we or you terminate this agreement
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, our affiliate companies, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless against any third-party claim, demand, suit, action or other proceeding and any expenses related to an Online Banking or Bill Payment account.
indemnification
Third-parties
We are not liable for any loss or liability resulting from any failure of your equipment or software, or that of an internet browser provider, by an internet access provider, or by an online service provider, nor will we be liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages resulting from your access to or failure to access an Online Banking or Bill Pay account.
Virus Protection
The Credit Union is not responsible for any electronic virus or viruses that you may encounter. We suggest you routinely scan your PC using a virus protection product. An undetected virus may corrupt and destroy your programs, files and hardware.
General Terms and Conditions
general terms and conditions
Credit Union Agreements
In addition to this Agreement, you and the Credit Union agree to be bound by and comply with the requirements of the agreements applicable to each of your Online Accounts. Your use of the Online Banking or Bill Pay service is your acknowledgment that you have received these agreements and intend to be bound by them. You should review other disclosures including the charges that may be imposed for electronic funds transfers or the right to make transfers listed in the fee schedules accompanying those disclosures and the fee schedule contained in this Agreement.
Assignment
We may assign this Agreement to an affiliate of the Credit Union or any successor in interest in the event of a merger, reorganization, change of control, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all assets of the business to which this Agreement is related without the other party's prior written consent.
Notices
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, any notice or written communication given pursuant to this Agreement may be sent to you electronically.
Disclosure of Information
We will only disclose information to third-parties about your account or transfers you make under the following circumstances:
Where it is necessary for the provision of Online Banking and for completing transfers;
In order to verify the existence and condition of your account for a third-party, such as a credit bureau or merchant;
In order to comply with government or court orders, or other reporting requirements;
If you give us your permission; or
to the Credit Union affiliated companies.
Basic Elements - Legal Text
Sidebar Header
Revised May 2020
Open Account
join the credit union
Sidebar Text
ADA Compliance Info(mobile)
ADA Compliance, Info
If you’re using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and having problems using this website, please call 800.866.6474 for assistance.