https://www.colourpoint.uk.com/privacy-policy/
Custom Pages
Home
Blog
Contact Us
Portfolio
Gallery Style
Gallery Style Full Width
Text Under Image
Text Under Image Without Space
Privacy Policy - Colourpoint
18522
page-template-default,page,page-id-18522,theme-bridge,bridge-core-1.0.7,woocommerce-no-js,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode_grid_1400,side_area_uncovered_from_content,columns-4,qode-child-theme-ver-1.0.0,qode-theme-ver-18.2.1,qode-theme-bridge,qode_header_in_grid,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-6.0.5,vc_responsive
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors, in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3 We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4 Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the publication of your information.
1.5 In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Colourpoint Litho Limited
2. How we use your personal data
2.1 In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c) the legal bases of the processing.
2.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services “usage data“. The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.4 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely communications with our website visitors and service users.
2.5 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.6 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data]where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.7 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1 We may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1 This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a) usage data will be retained for a minimum period of 3 months following the date of collection, and for a maximum period of 6 months following that date;
(b) enquiry data will be retained for a minimum period of 3 months following the date of the enquiry, and for a maximum period of 1 year following that date];
5.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Your rights
6.1 In this Section 6, we have listed the rights that you have under data protection law.
6.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access – you can ask for copies of your personal data;
(b) the right to rectification – you can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal data and to complete incomplete personal data;
(c) the right to erasure – you can ask us to erase your personal data;
(d) the right to restrict processing – you can ask use to restrict the processing of your personal data;
(e) the right to object to processing – you can object to the processing of your personal data;
(f) the right to data portability – you can ask that we transfer your personal data to another organisation or to you;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority – you can complain about our processing of your personal data; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent – to the extent that the legal basis of our processing of your personal data is consent, you can withdraw that consent.
6.3 These rights are subject to certain limitations and exceptions. You can learn more about the rights of data subjects by visiting https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/.
6.4 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data [by written notice to us, using the contact details set out below].
7. About cookies
7.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
7.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
7.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal data that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
8. Cookies that we use
8.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication and status – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website, and to determine if you are logged into the website;
(b) personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you;
(c) analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services; and
(d) cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
9. Cookies used by our service providers
9.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
9.2 We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics gathers information about the use of our website by means of cookies. The information gathered is used to create reports about the use of our website. You can find out more about Google’s use of information by visiting https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and you can review Google’s privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy
10. Managing cookies
10.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647 (Chrome);
(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c) https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/ (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac (Safari); and
(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
10.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
10.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
11. Amendments
11.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
11.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
12. Our details
12.1 This website is owned and operated by Colourpoint Litho Limited.
12.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 01129659 and our registered office is at Smith Emmerson House Ash Tree Court, Nottingham Business Park, Nottingham, NG8 6PY.
12.3 Our principal place of business is at Unit A&B, Wessex Industrial Park, Wessex Road, Bourne End, Buckinghamshire, SL8 5DT, United Kingdom.
12.4 You can contact us
(a) by post, to the postal address given above;
(b) using our website contact form;
(c) by telephone, on the contact number published on our website; or
(d) by email, using the email address published on our website.
13. Data protection officer
13.1 Our data protection officer’s contact details are: Alicia Phelan.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.