http://www.kobrandwineandspirits.com/privacy
Address
1 Manhattanville Road, Purchase, NY 10577-2126
email
info@kobrand.com
Press Inquiries
contact us
Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is very important. We recognize that when you choose to provide Kobrand Corporation (“Kobrand”) with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. We believe this information should only be used to help us provide you with better service. That’s why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect from and about you when you visit Kobrand’s website, www.kobrandwineandspirits.com, and how Kobrand may use and disclose such information, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Legal purchase age
Do not provide us with your personal information if you are not of legal age to purchase alcohol.
If we believe that you are under the legal purchase age we will make every reasonable effort to remove your personal information from our records.
Personal Information
Kobrand, or a third party service provider acting on our behalf (“Service Provider”), collects personal information from you only when you: (1) register with us; (2) order services from us; (3) request information from us or otherwise contact us; or (4) participate in surveys or contests. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, demographic information and, if you are a customer, credit card number. We will not sell, share, or rent this personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this privacy policy. Kobrand collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Additionally, personal information we collect online may be combined with other offline information we obtain, such as contact information obtained when you complete a survey.
Registration
In general, you can visit our public websites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. In order to use some services on the website, you must first complete a registration form. During registration, you are required to provide your contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We encourage, but do not require, that you provide demographic information (such as income level and gender) and unique identifiers, so we can provide a more personalized experience on our website.
Orders
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information required to ship products. This information is used to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is also used to get in touch with the user.
Newsletters and Mailing Lists
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletters or mailing lists, we ask for contact information such as name and e-mail address.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time we may request information from users via surveys or contests and special promotions.
Participation in these surveys, contests and promotions is completely voluntary. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, income range, gender and age level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this website. Additionally, survey and contest information may be used in aggregate, non-personally identifiable form to help improve the quality of our services to you. We may also share this aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
Some contests and promotions are subject to their own rules and policies which may supersede this Privacy Policy. Please see the Official Rules for the specific contest or promotion for details.
Non-Personal Information
As part of the standard operation of our website, we or our Service Providers may collect certain non-personal information from you, including but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the domain name from which you accessed or left the website. In addition, we or our Service Providers may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the website, the areas or pages of the website that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the website, the number of times you return to the website, and other click-stream or site usage data.
Kobrand may share aggregate, non-personal information with third parties.
Cookies
We, or our Service Providers, use cookies to collect the non-personal information described above. A cookie is a piece of data that is placed on your hard drive when you access the website, We, or our Service Providers, may also use cookies to: (1) monitor website usage; (2) conduct research to improve our website content and services, and (3) deliver personalized website content, advertising or services.
Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information while on our website, except for the date of birth you provided as age verification in order to obtain access to the website. For instance, by accepting a cookie on our site, you would not have to log in a password or enter your date of birth more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on our website or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
INFORMATION USE
Kobrand or its Service Providers may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill orders, provide service, and communicate with customers; (2) to develop new products or services; (3) to respond to your inquiries; (4) to provide you with targeted offers and advertising on the website; (5) to contact you with information and promotional materials from our company as well as from our affiliates, marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties; (6) to contact you when necessary; (7) to review the usage and operations of our website and services; (8) to address problems with the website, our business or our products and services; and (9) to protect the security or integrity of the website and our business. We may also use your information as described to you at the point of contact, with your consent.
INFORMATION SHARING
Kobrand may share the information from and about you as follows: (1) to our affiliates, business partners, agents and Service Providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us or for marketing purposes; (2) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the website Terms of Use or our rights or the rights of any third party; (3) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (4) as described to you at the point of collection. In addition, in the event that Kobrand or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information may be one of the transferred assets. We will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Some contests and promotions are subject to their own rules and policies which may supersede this Privacy Policy. Please see the Official Rules for the specific contest or promotion for details.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits visitors to our site who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email or write us:
Kobrand Corporation
Attn: California Privacy Request
1 Manhattanville Road
Purchase, NY 10577-2126
NEWSGROUPS / FORUMS / MESSAGE BOARDS
Keep in mind that information posted to a newsgroup, forum, or message board is public. When you voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on bulletin boards, forums or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. Please exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This website may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
DATA SECURITY
We have taken certain physical, electronic, contractual and managerial steps to safeguard the information we collect from and about our customers and website visitors. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.
We may have limited or no control over the privacy of any communications while in transit to us. We recommend that you not include confidential, proprietary or sensitive information in such communications unless the the provided through a secured site, and in compliance with our Terms of Use.
CORRECTION / UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update or remove your personal information by accessing your member information page or by e-mailing our Customer Support.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use or disclose such information.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an E-mail. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In the event that you do not permit the use of your personal information in a different manner, we will continue to use your information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Kobrand Corporation, being a marketer of alcohol beverages, takes its duty to prevent underage drinking very seriously. We do not solicit, market, or target this website to those under the age of 21, and we actively discourage those under 21 from visiting our website. We will not knowingly permit anyone under the age of 21 to participate in contests, promotions, mailings or events.
If we discover that a person under the age of 21 has provided us with any personally identifiable information, we will delete that information from our systems as soon as possible.
OUR ADDRESS
Postal inquiries should be directed to:
Kobrand Corporation
1 Manhattanville Road
Purchase, NY 10577-2126
Share this site:
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Blogger
LinkedIn
Email
Pinterest
Favorites
Print