http://www.signsus.com/privacy.php
Welcome Guest: Sign In / Register
My Account
Edit Account
Saved Designs
My Quotes
My Orders
Live Design
View Cart
Sign In
View Cart - (0) $0
Outdoor Signs
Indoor Signs
Vehicle Graphics
Banners
Real Estate Signs
Storefront Window
Laser Engraving
Trade Show Signs
Promotional Items
Sign Hardware
Sign Magic™
Live Design
Live Design™
Design Express™
Image Submission Guide
Sign Terms Glossary
Material Selection Help
Material Comparsion
Letter Sizing Calculator
Live Chat
QR Code Generator
Vinyl Application Videos
How to Design A Sign
Acrylic Plastic
Alumalite
Aluminum
ARMOUR-Wood
Banners
Coroplast
Vinyl Decals
Dibond
Digital Posters
Dura-Wood
Foam Core Ultra
Dimensional
Magnetic
PVC Plastic
HDU Signs
Sandblasted Redwood
Vinyl Letters
Window Perf
Online Design
Get a Price
Photo Gallery
SignsUS.com Privacy Guarantee
Our Privacy Guarantee is really quite simple… we respect yours.
If you need more detail than that, please read on.
We believe that clients like you deserve to be treated with the utmost respect. And that includes respecting your right to privacy. Here's how we guarantee that.
GDPR-Compliant
Effective May 20, 2018
TheSignChef wants you to know that it has updated its privacy policy to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
As per GDPR requirements, TheSignChef will continue to promote only permissive, opt-in data collecting directly related to doing business with our company.
In addition to this, TheSignChef has also updated its procedures for handling, storing, and erasing all user information.
Also, in accordance with GDPR requirements, our privacy policy forbids the sharing of any collected information without the consent of the owner. Finally, to exceed GDPR requirements, TheSignChef has increased the responsibilities of all individuals who have access to information that GDPR deems sensitive.
Data Collection and Storage
We've designed and structured our entire site so that you can visit and browse without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. The only way for us to obtain any personal information about you at all is for you to tell us yourself.
For example, when you place an order or ask us for information, we may store your name, address and telephone number and/or email address on our secure server.
For optimal security, your credit card number is deleted automatically from our secure servers immediately after you place your order.
To comply with tax laws, we may keep a printed copy of your order on file in our Accounting Department.
Your Email Address
Your email address may be automatically added to our internal database whenever you:
Place an order.
Request a quote.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Request additional information by email.
To "unsubscribe" or delete your email address from our list, simply send a blank email with
"remove" in the subject line to: Service@SignsUS.com.
You can also mail your request to us at:
SignsUS.com
PO BOX 42346
Charleston, SC 29423
Cookies
Like most online merchants, our website uses "cookies" to enhance your online custom signage shopping experience. Cookies are just little packages of data that our server sends to your computer. They cannot tell us anything about you or your computer and no other website or server except ours can access the cookies our site sends. Cookies simply allow us to track the contents of your shopping cart and personalize our site content. Without them, you'd have to write down each item you wanted to buy and then type the information into a manual form to complete your order. What a hassle!
Thanks to cookies, ordering is quick and easy. You can browse all of our product pages, just click on the items you want to add to your cart and our system will store them until you're ready to check out. And, when you come back to shop the next time, you won't have to re-enter your name and address info again - the cookies remember it for you, so that the checkout process is quick and convenient every time you shop. For your peace of mind though, we must ask you to re-enter your credit information every time you shop. We don't permit our cookies to store this information.
IP Address
Our server automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser
including your IP Address and information about the page you have requested to view. This tells
us which pages our clients are most interested in, and helps us tailor our site according to
our customers' wants and needs.
Surveys and Questionnaires
From time to time, we may post an online survey or questionnaire. Your participation is completely voluntary, but greatly appreciated because these help us by providing opinions, demographic or customer satisfaction data. We use that information to enhance our customers' online experience by tailoring our products and services according to your preferences and by offering the site content that interests you most.
How We Use your Personal Information
If you have ordered from us or requested any information, we will have personal information such as your name, mailing address and/or email address on file. We will use this information for our own purposes only - to send you promotional offers, our newsletter or customer satisfaction surveys for feedback on your purchases.
Occasionally, we may use your email address to let you know about new products, services or special offers on our site that we think would interest you. We might also email previous customers for feedback on their shopping experience. Any message we send you will always include clear, simple instructions for having your name and information permanently deleted from our lists, if you prefer.
Security of your Information
At SignsUS.com, we have several security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information we control. These measures include password protection, encryption and our off-line database, which is not accessible by those on the Internet. We also conduct pre-hire criminal background checks on ALL our employees. For more information on these, and other security measures, please see our detailed Security Guarantee.
Our Information Non-Disclosure GUARANTEE
We will never sell, rent, give, share or otherwise disclose to any third party any information that you may provide to us about you, your business, your website or your methods and procedures, without your knowledge or consent without a subpoena or court order.
How to Change your Information or Opt Out
If you wish to have us remove your personal information from our databases, simply send a blank email with "remove" in the subject line to: Service@SignsUS.com.
You can also mail your request to us at:
SignsUS.com
PO BOX 42346
Charleston, SC 29423
If you need to update the information we currently have on file (new address/email address, etc.), please log on to our website and update the information in your personal account.
If you prefer, you can send an email to: Service@SignsUS.com. You can also mail your request to us at:
SignsUS.com
PO BOX 42346
Charleston, SC 29423
We Hate Spam, Too!
We're committed to a strict "No Spam" policy. Whenever you receive any message from us, it will contain clear, simple instructions for having your name and information permanently removed from our lists.
Please note: For tax and legal purposes, we are not allowed to destroy paper records of orders placed with us. However, we will comply with ALL requests to remove your information from our email and print mailing lists.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to amend this policy as needed. But we'll never change our Information Non-Disclosure Guarantee. If we make any substantial changes in our use of your personal information or we're required by law to share your data, we'll notify you.
We Welcome your Questions or Suggestions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings on this website, please feel free to contact: Service@SignsUS.com
Important: This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that SignsUS, Inc. does not own or control. At times we may provide links or referrals to other companies. Although we are very conscientious about screening our partners carefully, we cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites or companies that are not directly under our control.
Look Around
About Us
Gallery
Articles
Contact Us
Special Services
Sign Magic™
Live Design™
Design Express™
Material Selection Help
Material Comparsion
Letter Sizing Calculator
Live Chat
QR Code Generator
Help Us Help You
Free Resources
Our Technology
Email Authorization
Image Submission Guide
Sign Terms Glossary
Custom Quote
Design A Sign
Vinyl Application Videos
Other Stuff
Privacy Policy
Satisfaction
Terms of Use
Shipping & Returns
100% Secure Shopping
Sitemap
&copy2020 TheSignChef.com, Inc. All rights reserved.