https://www.redsnappermedia.co.uk/privacy
Our sites
Key Facts
Advertising Opportunities
Recruitment Opportunities
Display Opportunities
Advertising Specifications
Subscriptions
News
Contact
Our sites
Key Facts
Advertising Opportunities
Recruitment Opportunities
Display Opportunities
Advertising Specifications
Subscriptions
News
Contact
Privacy
Privacy
Red Snapper Media Ltd. – Public Data Privacy Notice
25 May 2018
What is personal data?
Personal data is information that can be used to identify an individual living person, either through use of a single or combination of data sets. You have the right of control over who uses your personal data, what it is used for, and what the legal basis for this processing is.
Who are we?
Red Snapper Media publishes a network of digital media titles dedicated to the police, offender management, criminal justice, and enforcement practitioner audience.
The network is comprised of market leading news journals, specialist community sites and forums, job sites, and information sites.
The Red Snapper Media network includes Police Oracle, Police Information, Blueline Jobs, Intelligence Jobs, Investigation Jobs, Fraud Jobs, and Work With Offenders.
How do we process your personal data?
As a media network, Red Snapper Media provide a range of sites and services. As such the data we process and how we process it are clearly defined in to two separate categories, and for the purposes of this notice shall be referred to as ‘Job Boards’ and ‘News and Resources’.
News and Resources
Username & password: We require an email address (this will be your username) be provided as part of our registration process so as to create a unique website account for you. You will receive only communications relevant to the service you have subscribed to, and you may cancel any or all of these at any point.
The password you set will be stored in an encrypted state should you complete the registration process for one of our websites. This is used so that you can sign-in, and use the Red Snapper Media services you have requested. You may change these details at any time.
Job Boards
Name:                          So that we can create a unique account and record for you. Your website account allows you to make and manage job applications to positions available on our websites.
Address:                       Not required by us for you to register with our websites but may typically be provided as standard content of a CV. As part of the process of understanding your criteria for a new role, you can provide your address, broad location, or geographical areas which you are willing to consider for work in order to make job applications more efficient and relevant.
Contact details:            We require an email address be provided as part of our registration process so as to create a unique website account for you. You will receive only communications that you have specifically opted-in to receive, such as jobs by email alerts.
We request a minimum of one contact telephone number so that we can contact you to provide membership and account services you request, and for job advertising partners to contact you in regards to any applications you may make through one of our websites. You will not receive any marketing communications via phone from us.
Date of birth:                We do not require this information for you to register with one of our websites. If you are applying for positions that require DBS checks or security clearances you may optionally provide this information to accelerate the process of undergoing such checks.
Gender:                        We do not require you to specify your gender, however we do provide an optional field for registrants to select their proper title of address (e.g. Dr, Mr, Mrs, etc.)
CV:                               In order to provide your application for employment to employers (our advertising partners), we require a CV document so that employers can more fully understand your professional experience, qualifications, and areas of expertise. We regard the contents of your CV to constitute personal data and as such will not share it with third parties (our clients) except through applications you make through one of our websites.
Ethnic origin:               We do not request or meaningful process this information, however individuals should be aware that this data is collected if included in the contents of the CV provided to us through registration.
Religion:                      We do not request or meaningful process this information, however individuals should be aware that this data is collected if included in the contents of the CV provided to us through registration.
Nationality:                 We do not request or meaningful process this information, however individuals should be aware that this data is collected if included in the contents of the CV provided to us through registration.
Photographs:               We do not request or meaningful process this information, however individuals should be aware that this data is collected if included in the contents of the CV provided to us through registration.
Username & password: You will be provided with a username (the email address you submitted) and password (stored in an encrypted state) should you complete the registration process for one of our websites. This is used so that you can sign-in, and make and manage job applications. You may change or delete these details at any time.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
The legal basis we use for processing your personal data is the contractual necessity for Red Snapper Media to provide the services requested by you; these may include job board access and jobs by email notifications, or notifying individuals of upcoming events, industry-related resources, and the latest industry news. You choose the Red Snapper Media services you would like to receive, and we will provide them to you for as long as you would like to receive them for. You are free to cancel some or all of your services at any time.
Sharing your personal data?
Red Snapper believe that if you wanted a third party to process your data, you would provide it to them directly. As a user of one of our job sites, you are in total control of your data. There is no CV database access for our advertisers to buy, organisations will only have visibility of the details you share with them in making an application to their role. Please note that some clients prefer you to make applications via their own website or system and so you may be redirected outside of the Red Snapper network to complete your application; in such instances it is recommended that you read their public privacy notice to understand how they process your personal data.
During the registration process you will be provided the option to share your details with recruiters should you wish to be contacted directly about opportunities that our recruitment partners have available. Please note that you should you register with a recruitment agency you will be entering in to separate privacy agreements with them.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
Once you have registered with us, we will automatically delete your data after an inactive period of 3 years from the point of data collection; inactivity being defined for example, by not making an application to a role through one of our job sites, or not subscribing to any of our media outlets or services (i.e. not subscribing to or engaging with any of our services). You are of course free to remove your details or restrict processing of your personal data at any time – please see the section below ‘How to access and control your personal data’. You will receive notification via email from us informing you that we have stopped processing of and removed your data for your own records.
How to access and control your personal data
Please visit https://www.redsnappermedia.co.uk/rights to view and exercise your rights around your personal data; how you may submit a Subject Access Request to understand what data we hold on you and how we use it; or to lodge a complaint about our use of your data.
Use of cookies
Please visit https://www.redsnappermedia.co.uk/cookies to read about the cookies used on our website, their purpose, and how you may manage use of them across various browsers (including blocking them altogether).
Data Protection Officer
For any questions or complaints about the processing of your personal data by Red Snapper Media or to make a subject access request, please send details of your enquiry to our Data Protection Officer, Ryan Farmer at dpo@redsnappergroup.co.uk.
Contact us
Call us: 020 3119 3355
Email us: please enable javascript to view
What our clients say...
"We have been advertising with Police Oracle for over two years now with great success. The campaign options are cost-effective and align directly with one of   our target markets. Through traffic monitoring we can see that Police Oracle is consistently one of the top referrers to our website and delivers positive ROI. I would recommend Police Oracle to anyone looking to do business in this market."
Jane Taylor, Marketing - Edesix
"The Bermuda Police Service has used the Red Snapper Group over the past several years to recruit key technical staff including crime scene investigators, financial and criminal investigators, and intelligence analysts. We have been pleased with the responsiveness and professionalism of their services. I have no hesitation in recommending them to other law enforcement agencies."
Michael A. DeSilva CPM - Commissioner of Police
Our accreditations
Certificate Number 11960ISO 9001:2008
Proud to support