http://www.genesishomes.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CHAMPION HOME BUILDERS PRIVACY POLICY
Effective December 20, 2019
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Champion Home Builders, Inc. and our affiliated companies (collectively, “Company”, “Champion”, “we”, “our” or “us”), uses Personal Data (defined below) that we process in connection with your use of use of this website and any other website we operate that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Sites”), our mobile application (our “App”), and all other products or services (collectively, our “Service”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to better understand how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Data about you as you use our Service. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will appear on this page, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
In addition to this privacy policy, if you are a California resident, Champion’s California Consumer Privacy Policy applies to you.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information we collect from you varies, depending on the way you use our Site and/or services.
We collect information from or about you in the ways described below.
Personal Data We Collect
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
The types of Personal Data we collect may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Address
Phone number
Geolocation Data
We collect personal information such as your name, address, e-mail, and phone number when you apply for employment with us through the Site. In addition, we may collect information relating to your education and employment history when you submit that information as part of an employment application. Not all requested information is required, however, and we specifically indicate what information is required in order to submit your employment application.
Information Collected Automatically
Certain information on our Service is collected automatically by means of various software tools. We have a legitimate interest in using such information to assist in log-in, systems administration purposes, information security and abuse prevention, to track user trends, and to analyze the effectiveness of our Service.
(a)
Log Files. Log files refers to the information that is automatically sent by your web browser or device (or otherwise automatically collected) each time you view or interact with our online Service. The information inside the log files may include IP addresses, type of browser, internet service provider, date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us.
(b)
Device and Online Usage.
We may collect information about your computer, browser, mobile or other device that you use to access our Service. We may use cookies, pixels, log files and other techniques to collect such information, including IP address, device identifiers and other unique identifiers, browser type, browser language, operating system name and version, device name and model, version, referring and exit pages, dates and times of Service access, links clicked, pages visited, forms submitted, features used, crash reports and session identification information.
HOW WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies
We use cookies to make interactions with our Service easy and meaningful. When you visit our Service, our servers may send a cookie to your computer. We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use cookies that enable you to navigate our Service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of our Service. Because required cookies are essential to operate our Service, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. We use cookies to provide features and services such as:
Remembering your preferences and allowing you to enter your user name less frequently;
Presenting information that’s targeted to your interests, which may include our content presented on another website;
Measuring the effectiveness of our sites, services, content, and advertising;
Providing other services and features that are only available through the use of cookies;
The Options/Settings section of most internet browsers will tell you how to manage cookies and other technologies that may be transferred to your device, including how to disable such technologies. You can disable our cookies or all cookies through your browser settings, but please note that disabling cookies may impact some of our Service features and prevent the Service from operating properly.
Web Beacons and Similar Tracking Technologies.
When you visit our Service, we may collect your IP address for certain purposes such as, for example, to monitor the regions from which you navigate our Service. We may also use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our Service and interaction with emails from us. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular site tied to the web beacon. We may use web beacons to operate and improve our Service.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information you submit or we collect for a variety of purposes relating to our business.
More specifically, we may use your information to:
Provide, analyze, administer, improve, and personalize the Service;
Provide you with the Service and any product or order fulfillment;
To act in accordance with your direction.
For example, if you direct us to share your information with our retailers or other third parties, we will do so in order to facilitate that interaction.
Communicate with you about our products and Services, including to respond to your customer service requests or respond to any other inquiry or correspondence you send to us
Inform you about events, programs or offerings;
Send you information content, including warranty information;
Send you updates and promotional materials;
Identify and authenticate your access to the parts of the Service that you are authorized to access if you are an employee;
Consider you for employment;
Protect our rights or our property and to ensure the technical functionality and security of the Service;
Comply with applicable law, assist law enforcement, and to respond to regulatory or other legal inquiries;
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it or consent.
HOW WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE PERSONAL DATA.
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose the Personal Data collected from our Service to third parties. We may share information you submit or we collect about you in the following situations:
With Our Third Party Service Providers.
We share or transfer Personal Data and other information about you to our third party service providers to perform tasks on our behalf and to assist us in providing our Service. For example, we may share your Personal Data with service providers who assist us in performing core functions (such as hosting, data storage, and security) related to our operation of the Service and/or by making certain interactive tools available to you as a user. We also use third parties for technical and customer support, application development, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance, and other services. In the performance of our Service, we may share Personal Data from or about you with these third parties so that we can deliver the highest quality user experience.
Advertisers.
From time-to-time, we engage advertising services to assist us in advertising our brand and Service. Those services may target advertisements on third-party websites based on cookies or other information indicating previous interaction with our Service
Business Partners and Other Third Parties.
From time to time, we may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services. If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service from us, we may share Personal Data collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s). When you direct us to, we may share your information with our retailers or other third parties in order to facilitate your requested interaction.
We do not control our business partners’ use of Personal Data we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies.
In the Event of Merger, Sale, or Change of Control.
We may transfer or assign this Privacy Policy and any Personal Data to a third party entity that acquires or is merged with us as part of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control (such as the result of a bankruptcy proceeding).
Other Disclosures.
We may disclose Personal Data about you if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our Terms of Use including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Champion, our users, or the public.
We may also disclose Personal Data or other information pursuant to your consent or direction.
AGGREGATED OR DE-IDENTIFIED INFORMATION
To better serve our users, business partners, and to improve our Service, we may conduct research on user demographics, interests and behavior or engage in other activities based on Personal Data and/or information that we aggregate or de-identify. Aggregated or de-identified information is not considered Personal Data and does not identify a user personally.
We may share this aggregated or de-identified information with our affiliates, agents, business partners, and/or other third parties.
DATA SECURITY
We take the protection of your information seriously and take reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technical measures to protect the information collected through our Site.
While we implement commercially reasonable security measures to protect your privacy, please keep in mind that the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, and we cannot guarantee that the information collected about you will always remain private when using our Site and/or Services. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Data about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
ANALYTICS SERVICE
We may use certain third party analytics services to improve the functionality, features, or delivery of our Service. We may also use these analytics services to record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, as well as any text that you type into our Service. For example, we use Google Analytics on our Service to track user trends and usage. For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of Personal Data as it relates to our Service, please see http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. By using a browser plugin provided by Google, you can opt out of Google Analytics.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our site may include links to other third party websites as a convenience to you. If you click on one of those links you will be taken to websites we do not control, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to those third party websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its site(s), or its product(s) and/or service(s). Champion is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other site.
SOCIAL MEDIA AND PLUG-INS
Our online services may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook "Like" button, "Share to Twitter" button) to enable you to easily interact with certain social media websites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and share information with others. When you visit our online services, the operators of the available social media plugins can place a cookie on your device enabling such operators to recognize individuals who have previously visited our online services. If you are logged into these social media websites while visiting our online services, the social media plugins allow the relevant social media websites to receive information that you have visited our online services or other information. The social media plugins also allow the applicable social media websites to share information about your activities on our online services with other users of the social media website.
For example, Facebook Social Plugins allow Facebook to show your "Likes" and comments on our online services to your Facebook friends. Facebook Social Plugins also allow you to see your friends' Facebook activity on our online services. We do not control any of the content from the social media plugins. We may also interact with you on social media platforms. If you contact us on one of our social media platforms, request services, or otherwise communicate directly with us on social media, we may contact you to interact with you. For more information about social media advertising and social media plugins from other social media websites, please refer to those websites' privacy and data sharing statements.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As our organization changes over time, this Privacy Policy may change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy on our Service.
CONTACT US
Any comments, concerns, complaints, or questions regarding our Privacy Policy may be addressed to:
Privacy Manager
Champion Home Builders, Inc.
755 West Big Beaver Road Suite 1000
Troy, MI 48084
Phone: 877-340-7691
E-mail: privacymanager@championhomes.com