http://www.intest.com/privacy-legal
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: inTEST Corporate is considered a critical and essential business. Please see our statement of March 25, 2020.
HomeAbout
AboutHistoryConflict Minerals ReportInvestorsIR HomeCorporate GovernanceStock QuotePress ReleasesEvents & PresentationsAnalystsEarnings & FundamentalsQuarterly ResultsAnnual Meeting MaterialsAnnual ReportsSEC FilingsRequest InformationEmail AlertsRSS FeedsContactsBusiness Segments
ThermalEMS ProductsContact
inTEST Corporation Website Privacy Notice
Effective Date: February 20, 2019
Introduction
At inTEST Corporation we are committed to safeguarding, preserving and respecting the privacy rights of our visitors and our customers.
This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) explains how we collect, store and use personal data about you when you visit our website (intest.com) (referred to as the “Website”). It provides you with details about the types of personal information that we collect from you, how we use this information and the rights you have to control our use of it.
You should read this Notice carefully. We recommend printing and retaining a copy for your future reference. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Website, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree with this Notice.
This Notice applies regardless of how the Website is accessed and will cover any technologies or devices by which inTEST Corporation make the Website available to you.
If you have any questions or concerns about inTEST Corporation’s personal data policies or practices, you can contact us in the methods described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
What is inTEST Corporation?
inTEST Corporation is a global leader specializing in design, manufacture, and marketing of thermal management products and semiconductor automatic test equipment (ATE) interface solutions. inTEST Corporation is headquartered in the United States. Its offices are located at 804 East Gate Drive Suite 200, Mount Laurel, NJ 08054. When we refer to inTEST Corporation, “us,” “we,” and “our” in this Notice we are referring to this entity.
What Personal Information We Collect
inTEST Corporation collects personal information as part of its business operations, to provide services, to respond to requests and offer customer support, and to fulfill legal and contractual obligations. You provide some of this personal information directly, such as when you complete online forms, contact customer support, or register to receive inTEST Corporation publications. We also collect personal information through your interaction with the Website, for example, through the use of cookies (see our Cookies Policy for more information). We also obtain personal information from third parties. Below we discuss the different ways in which we collect personal information from you.
Information You Voluntarily Provide
We may collect the following personal information that you voluntarily provide to us:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Website. For example, if you complete our online forms to request information or request that we contact you, we will collect information such as your first and last name, email address and in some cases phone number, company name, city, state, country, and postal code. You also may provide a subject or message with your request.
Information you provide when you email to report a problem with the Website.
In addition to information you voluntarily provide to us through interacting with the Website, you may provide information to us offline.  For example, if you call customer support, you may provide contact or billing information to order products. Additionally, if you attend a trade show or event where we are exhibiting, you may voluntarily provide your contact information to us and consent to us contacting you.
Information Provided By Third Parties
We may receive certain personal information about you from third parties. If you submit any personal information about another individual to us, you are responsible for making sure that you have the authority to do so and to allow us to use their personal information in accordance with this Notice.
Information as You Navigate Our Site
We may automatically collect certain personal information through your use of the Website, such as the following:
Usage Information: We collect certain information automatically through your use of the Website, such as which of the pages on the Website that you access, the frequency of access, and what you click on while on our Website.
Device Information: We may collect information about the device you are using, such as hardware model, operating system, application version number, browser, and IP addresses.
Mobile Device Information: In addition to the Device Information listed above, when you access our Website via a browser on your mobile device, we may collect information on the mobile carrier and operating system you use.
We also collect information about how you interact with our Website through the use of cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. Please view our Cookies Policy for more information on our use of cookies and similar technologies.
How We Use the Personal Information
We may use personal information we collect about you or that you provide to us in the following ways:
To present our Website and its contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and for your device;
To contact you to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and
To notify you about any additions, upgrades or changes in our services.
Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
If you are in a country in the European Union, you are entitled to an explanation of the legal bases we rely on to process your personal information. The legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it, which is discussed below.
Consent
We may ask for your consent to send you certain kinds of marketing communications. If you have given your consent to receive marketing communications you may withdraw it at any time either by clicking through an unsubscribe link in an email or by contacting us using the “How to Contact Us” section below.
To perform a contract
We may process your personal information to complete a sale to you of a product or service you have requested and to administer and fulfill our contractual obligations to you.
To enable us to comply with a legal obligation
We may process your personal information to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. This includes any requirement to produce audited accounts, any legal obligation to share information with law enforcement agencies, public or governmental authorities and to comply with legal process.
Necessary for the exercise or defense of legal claims
If you bring a claim against us or we bring a claim against you, we may process your personal information in relation to that claim.
Our legitimate interests
We may process your personal information if doing so is necessary for our legitimate interests and your rights as an individual do not override those legitimate interests.
inTEST Corporation is the Data Controller of all personal information collected in the European Economic Area. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information for any specific processing activity, please contact us using the “How to Contact Us” section below.
How We Share Your Personal Information
With the exception of the disclosures identified below, we do not disclose, sell, or rent your personal information to other companies or third parties, unless we are required by law, you have given your consent or we are authorized to provide the personal information.
inTEST Corporation may share and disclose personal information about you:
with our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors and their agents and subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Notice;
with third parties who perform data services (e.g., hosting, maintenance, backup, analysis, etc.) on our behalf (any such third parties will be under an obligation to us to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information);
to any member of our group of companies insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Notice;
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention, reducing credit risk and debt collection);
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information;
prospective or actual purchasers, partners and the advisers of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling, merging or otherwise re-organizing;
to any third parties as part of any business or asset sale; and
to any other person or entity where you consent to the disclosure.
We do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose mailing lists or other information obtained through our Website to any non-affiliated companies for their marketing purposes.
Your Personal Information and Your Rights – Excluding Europe
inTEST Corporation respects your rights in how your personal information is used and shared. You may request access or corrections to your personal information and make choices about the kinds of marketing materials you receive (or choose not to receive marketing information from inTEST Corporation at all). If you would like to correct or update your personal information, you may contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Your Personal Information and Your Rights – Europe Only
If you are an individual in a country in the European Union, you have the right to make requests to:
Access the personal information we keep about you;
Rectify inaccurate personal information;
Place restrictions on our use of your personal information;
Object to our use of your personal information;
Ask us to delete the personal information about you we hold;
Have your personal information transferred to you or another party of your choosing; and
Make a complaint to the relevant supervising authority
We describe these rights more fully below.
Asking us to access your personal information
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not we are processing personal information about you and, if so, the right to be provided with the information contained in this Notice. You also have the right to receive a copy of the personal information undergoing processing.
Asking us to rectify your personal information
You have the right to ask us to rectify any inaccurate personal information about you and to have incomplete personal data completed.
Asking us to restrict our use of your personal information
You have the right to ask us to place a restriction on our use of your personal information if one of the following applies to you:
You contest the accuracy of the information that we hold about you, while we verify its accuracy;
We have used your information unlawfully, but you request us to restrict its use instead of erasing it;
We no longer need the information for the purpose for which we collected it, but you need it to deal with a legal claim; or
You have objected to us using your information, while we check whether our legitimate grounds override your right to object.
Objecting to our use of your personal information
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information where our reason for using it is based on our legitimate interests or your consent (rather than when the reason for using it is to perform an obligation due to you under a contract with us).
Asking us to delete your personal information
You can ask us to delete your personal information if:
We no longer need it for the purposes for which we collected it;
We have been using it with no valid legal basis;
We are obligated to erase it to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
We need your consent to use the information and you withdraw consent;
You object to us processing your personal information where our legal basis for doing so is our legitimate interests and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
However, this right is not absolute. Even if you make a request for deletion, we may need to retain certain information for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping, maintenance of opt-out requirements, defending or making legal claims, or detecting fraudulent activities. We will retain information in accordance with the “How Long Is Your Personal Information Kept” section below.
If you do exercise a valid right to have your personal information deleted, please keep in mind that deletion by third parties to whom the information has been provided might not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period (but will not be available to others).
The right to transfer your personal information to another service provider
You may request that we transfer some of the personal information you have provided to you or another service provider in electronic copy. This applies to personal information we are processing to service a contract with you and to personal information we are processing based on your consent.
Making a complaint
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding our processing of your personal information, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below and we will do our best to answer any question and resolve any complaint to your satisfaction.
If, for whatever reason, you feel we do not meet the standards you expect of us, you are also entitled to make a complaint to your local supervisory authority:
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
Advertising and Marketing Choices
Wherever you are located, we will send you marketing communication based on any preferences you may have expressed.
We only want to send you information you are interested in. If you do not want to receive these communications or would like to understand more about other unsubscribe options, please contact us as set out in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
For email communications you can opt-out and/or manage your preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of any e-mail you receive from us. If we call you with information you do not want to receive you can advise us of this during the telephone call.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes and do not intend to do so in the future.
How Long is Your Personal Information Kept
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it and as set out in this Notice and for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements that apply to us.
Third-Party Links
The Website contains links to third-party websites. When inTEST Corporation provides links, it does so only as a convenience and does not endorse any products or services and are not responsible for any content of any third-party site or any links contained within. It is important to note that this Notice applies to intest.com only. We are not responsible and assume no responsibility for any personal information collected, stored or used by any third party as a result of you visiting their website. We also advise that you carefully read the privacy notice of any third-party websites you choose to visit.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We take various reasonable organizational and technical measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We have policies and procedures in place to ensure team members know what is expected of them in relation to personal information. We have in place appropriate procedures for accessing our systems and access is limited by role. We have also put processes in place to address suspected breaches of your personal information. If required by law to do so we will notify you and/or the relevant supervisory authority in the event of a data breach.
However, we cannot and do not guarantee complete security, as it does not exist on the Internet.
Does the Website Respond to “Do Not Track” Signals?
There is currently no industry agreed upon response to a Do Not Track signal. At this time, our Website does not respond differently based on a user’s Do Not Track signal.
Children’s Privacy
The Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification or parental consent, we will immediately delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the information provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
How to Contact Us
You can contact inTEST Corporation through any of the following methods:
Call us at 856-505-8834
Email us at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Write to us at Data Controller, 804 East Gate Drive, Suite 200, Mount Laurel, NJ 08054
Changes to This Privacy Notice
We may add to, delete or change the terms of this Notice from time to time by posting a notice of the change or an amended Notice on the Website. Your continued use of the Website is deemed to be acceptance of such changes.
HomeAbout
AboutHistoryConflict Minerals ReportInvestorsIR HomeCorporate GovernanceStock QuotePress ReleasesEvents & PresentationsAnalystsEarnings & FundamentalsQuarterly ResultsAnnual Meeting MaterialsAnnual ReportsSEC FilingsRequest InformationEmail AlertsRSS FeedsContactsBusiness Segments
ThermalEMS ProductsContact