http://www.dvarchive.com/pages/privacy-policy.aspx
Sign In
Create Account|
Bin Manager
Shopping Cart
Total clips online: 500,878
search by keyword
Search Tips
search by category
All Categories
Action Sports
Aerials
Africa
Agriculture
Airplanes and Airports
America
Archival
Archival - Trailers and Leaders
Archival 1900s
Archival 1910s
Archival 1920s
Archival 1930s
Archival 1940s
Archival 1950s
Archival 1960s
Archival 1970s
Archival 1980s
Archival 1990s
Arctic
Artistic Pursuits
Asia
Australia - NZ
Backgrounds & Animations
Business
Cities - N. America
Cities - World
Commerce and Industry
Concept
Contemporary Issues
Europe
Faces
Food
Holidays and Celebrations
Landmarks
Latin America
Lifestyles
Location Scout
Medicine
Middle East
Music Business
NASA - Space
National Parks
Nature
Paradises
Police and Fire
POV
Religion
Seasons
Time Lapse
Transportation
Weather
Wildlife
All Subcategories
Privacy Policy
DVarchive respects your right to privacy and utilizes the following practices in regards to any information we are provided about users of the DVarchive Website. Please review this Privacy Policy prior to using the DVarchive website since it may be changed periodically without notice to you.
In order to fulfill licensing transactions or provide service to you as a customer of DVarchive, we may require you to provide certain information to us. Common items may include, but are not limited to, your name, address, email address, phone number and credit card information.
By providing this information to DVarchive, you are agreeing to allow us to utilize this information to complete all transactions you request through the Website and to disclose that information and details of all such transactions to DVarchive's various worldwide offices, subsidiaries, affiliates and any necessary payment processors. Because of the nature of the Internet, such data may pass through any country. Except as described above, we do not share, rent or sell any information you provide to us to third parties.
Notifications
From time to time we may notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may interest you. We may do so using either the email or the mailing addresses you provided on the registration or billing information screens. Should you not wish to receive this type of information, you shall have the ability to opt out of such communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe option available in each email communication. We shall not send you information if you inform us that you do not wish to receive such materials.
If at any time you believe that DVarchive has not followed the above policy, or if you would like your information to be removed from our system, please e-mail us at sales@dvarchive.com.
About Cookies
When you visit the DVarchive Website, we place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser directory of your computer's hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve.
Cookies enable the Website to recognize the information you have consented to give us and help us determine what portions of the Website is most appropriate for your professional needs. As a result, cookies shall allow you to access your clip bins and order archive and edit your Registration Data. Your Internet browser software probably enables you to refuse any cookies placed on your hard drive. If you choose to refuse cookies placed by our Websites, you will have to log into the Websites with your user name and password.
We do NOT use cookies to examine your surfing behavior before or after leaving the DVarchive Website.
If at any time you believe that DVarchive has not followed the above policy, or if you would like your information to be removed from our system, please e-mail us at sales@dvarchive.com.
© Copyright DVarchive, Inc. All rights reserved.
FAQ
Our Contract
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Submit Your Footage
Contact