https://www.hgconstruction.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Menu Close
HomeWhy HGProjectsCorporate InfoNewsContactbuild@hgconstruction.co.uk01462 454 444 Copyright 2019 Website by Medicineman
HomeWhy HGProjectsCorporate InfoNewsContactPrivacy PolicyThis page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.Who we are?For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is HG Construction Ltd, 4 Hunting Gate, Hichin, Herts. SG4 OTJInformation Collection And UseWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to: Name, email address, contact numbers, address.Log DataWe collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Copyrights and TrademarksUnless otherwise noted, all materials including without limitation, logos, brand names, images, designs, photographs, video clips and written and other materials that appear as part of our Website are copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property whether registered or unregistered (“Intellectual Property”) owned, controlled or licensed by HG Construction Ltd. Our Website as a whole is protected by copyright. Nothing on our Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Intellectual Property displayed or used on our Website, without the prior written permission of the Intellectual Property owner. HG Construction Ltd aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The names and logos of HG Construction Ltd, may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on our Website, without prior, written permission from HG Construction Ltd. Fair use of HG Construction Ltd’s Intellectual Property requires proper acknowledgment. Other product and company names mentioned in our Website may be the Intellectual Property of their respective owners.Links to Third-Party WebsitesOur Website may contain links to Websites owned or operated by parties other than HG Construction Ltd. Such links are provided for your reference only. HG Construction Ltd does not monitor or control outside Websites and is not responsible for their content. HG Construction Ltd’s inclusion of links to an outside Website does not imply any endorsement of the material on our Website or, unless expressly disclosed otherwise, any sponsorship, affiliation or association with its owner, operator or sponsor, nor does HG Construction Ltd inclusion of the links imply that HG Construction Ltd is authorized to use any trade name, trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the linked Website.