https://www.cleanlabelingredients.com/privacy/
Eng Nl Follow Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Ulrick & Short Limited Website Privacy and Cookies Policy  Introduction We operate this Privacy and Cookies Policy because we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of those using our website (www.cleanlabelingredients.com) and the confidentiality of any information that we collect about you. We are Ulrick & Short Limited.  We are a limited company in England (number 03928777) whose registered office is Walton Wood Farm, Thorpe Audlin, Pontefract, West Yorkshire, WF8 3HQ.  We are the controller in respect of all personal data collected via our website. This Privacy and Cookies Policy sets out how we will use any personal data that we may obtain from you.  Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.  If we change any of the terms of our Privacy and Cookies Policy we will post the revised policy on our website behind the “Privacy Policy” link at the bottom of each page. Whenever you submit your information to us, whether it be by using our website, by email, over the telephone, in person or by any other means, we will collect and use of such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy and Cookies Policy.  We are committed to ensuring that all personal data we hold is treated properly and in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.  In accordance with data protection legislation, we are required to explain to you how we will treat any personal data which we collect from or about you.  What information do we collect and how do we use it? You may give us information about you by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, social media or otherwise or by submitting an enquiry or CV via our website or by placing an order with us. The information we may collect, use, store and transfer about you includes the following: name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender (“Identity Data”); address, email address and telephone number(s) (“Contact Data”); bank account and payment card details (“Financial Data”); details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us (“Transaction Data”); your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences (“Marketing Data”). We may also automatically collect data about you such as internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our website (“Technical Data”) as you interact with our website.  We collect Technical data by using cookies and other similar technologies.  Please refer to section 8 for further information regarding the cookies used on our website. We have set out below a description of what personal data you may give us, the ways we use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. Purpose/ActivityType of DataLawful basis for processing To respond to an enquiry made by you (whether by phone/email/social media/ through the website or by other means) (a) Identity Data(b) Contact Data(c) Information submitted pursuant to your enquiryNecessary for our legitimate interests (to respond to your enquiry and provide you with the information requested regarding our business and our goods and services) To process and deliver your order including:(a) Manage payments, fees and charges(b) Collect and recover money owed to us(a) Identity Data(b) Contact Data(c) Financial Data(d) Transaction Data(a) Performance of a contract with you(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)To manage our relationship with you which will include:(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey (a) Identity Data(b) Contact Data(c) Transaction Data(d) Marketing Data  (a) Performance of a contract with you(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)To provide you with marketing information regarding our business(a) Identity Data(b) Contact Data(c) Marketing Data(a) Consent.  If you subscribe to our mailing list but subsequently decide that you no longer wish to receive such mailings please see section 4 below.(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business) (where permitted)] To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey (a) Identity Data(b) Contact Data(c) Marketing Data(a) Performance of a contract with you(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products, to develop them and grow our business) To administer and protect our business and our website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)(a) Identity Data(b) Contact Data(c) Technical Data(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation To use data analytics to improve our website, customer relationships and experiences(a) Technical DataNecessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)  If we require your information for the purposes of performing a contract with you and you fail to provide this information, or if the information you provide is not accurate, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. You warrant that any information you supply to us is accurate and up to date, that you will inform us if any such information requires updating, and that if you submit a third party’s details to us you have that third party’s permission to do so. We will not sell any of your personal data to any third party.  Third Parties We may share personal data about you: a) with third parties who are directly involved in dealing with any request or enquiry made by you; b) where such disclosure is required by law; c) with third parties who are providing us with professional advice; d) where the disclosure is in connection with any criminal investigation, legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings where permitted by law; e) where the disclosure is in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); f) where we are required to enforce our Terms and Conditions or Terms of Use; or g) where we have stated or informed you otherwise (e.g. in this policy or on our website). We will not pass on your information to any third party for the purpose of marketing. We may also disclose your personal data to third parties where the disclosure is in connection with a proposed sale of any part of our business or assets (in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets and/or their professional advisors) or the proposed acquisition of substantially all of our assets by a third party.  Any such disclosure will be made where necessary for the legitimate interests of us and/or the third party in respect of the proposed transaction;  however we will not transfer your personal data to any such third party unless we are satisfied that they are able to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of your personal data.  How do you stop marketing information being sent to you? You can opt out of receiving marketing information from us at any time by emailing us at marketing@ulrickandshort.com or by clicking on the appropriate link in the footer of any of our marketing emails.  It may take up to 15 working days to remove you from our marketing lists.  Security and International Transfers  We will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data.  However, the Internet is global and no data transmitted via the Internet can be guaranteed by us to be completely secure during transmission.  We cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.  We do not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area, however it is possible that the information you provide to us will be temporarily transferred via a route outside the European Economic Area as it passes between you and us.  You Rights If you have given your consent to receive marketing materials, you may withdraw your consent at any time.  Please see section 4 above for further information on how to do this. You have a legal right to see a copy of the personal data that we keep about you, subject to certain exemptions.  Requests for such information should be made by email to marketing@ulrickandshort.com. In some circumstances you may also have a right to: a) rectify or erase any personal data we hold about you; b) restrict our processing of your personal data; c) object to us processing your personal data; d) data portability in respect of your personal data. In accordance with applicable data protection legislation, we follow security procedures when we process your personal data.  We may therefore request proof of your identity before disclosing certain information to you or acting on any requests pursuant to this section 6. Please contact us at the above address if you have any reason to believe that information we hold about you is inaccurate. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the ICO if you have any concerns with regard to the way in which we process your personal data.  We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.  How long do we retain your personal data? We only retain your personal data for as long as we need it for the purpose for which is was collected.  Whilst taking in to consideration our legal obligations, we will on an ongoing basis: review the length of time we retain your personal data; consider the purpose or purposes for which we hold your personal data for in deciding whether (and for how long) to retain it; securely delete your personal data if it is no longer needed for such purpose or purposes; and update, archive or securely delete your personal data if it goes out of date.  For further information on how long we retain your personal data please contact the Data Compliance Officer using the contact details set out in section 6 above.  Cookies  Our website uses “cookies” to ensure you receive the best possible visitor experience.  Cookies are small files which are sent by a web server to an individual’s computer which are then stored on that computer’s hard drive.  A cookie contains text, and is like an identification card which can only be translated by the server it originated from. Cookies cannot tell us information such as your email address, which we can only collect where you tell us, for example if you submit an enquiry to us. Our website uses the following cookies for the following purposes:Cookie TypeDescription Use on our WebsiteStrictly necessary cookiesThese cookies are required for the operation of the Website.If you block these cookies we cannot guarantee access to the services provided through the Website or be sure how the Website will perform during your visit.We use these cookies to:·        Remember your preference as to whether you wish to allow us to store cookies on your device.·        Remember selections or information you have entered when you navigate to different pages during your visit, including any items added to your shopping basket.·        Remember your preferred geographical region for the Website.Analytical / performance cookiesThese cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Website when they are using it. This assists us in improving the way the Website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither Ulrick & Short or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.We use these cookies to:·        Monitor and provide statistics on how the Website is used.·        Help us improve the Website by measuring any errors that occur.Functionality cookiesFunctional cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make such as your user name, log in details or language preferences, and any customisations you make to pages on the Website during your visit.If you block these cookies certain features and services may be affected and we cannot be sure how the Website will perform during your visit.We use these cookies to:·        Store your preferences, for example whether you wish to view products in a list or a grid.·        Remember your preference as to whether you wish to allow us to store cookies on your device.Targeting cookiesThese cookies record your visit to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.We will use this information to make our Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interest.  We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.DRIFTThis enables the chat bot in the bottom right hand corner of the screenWe will make use of this information to respond to any enquiries you may make.Share ThisThis is the functionality for people to share a news article on social mediaWe make use of this so you may share any relevant information on your personal platforms.  When you access our website, you will be asked to consent to the use of the above cookies.  If you do not consent, the cookies will not be used. Most internet browsers allow you to prevent cookies being stored on your computer.  Alternatively you may be able to configure your browser to accept all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is offered by our server.  You may also be able to delete all cookies currently stored on your web browser. We may also collect information about where you are on the Internet (e.g. the URL you came from, IP address, and domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit and any search terms that you entered on our website.  We will use this information to administer our website, for internal operations (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes) and as part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure. For further information about cookies and how they are used, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.  What about third party websites that you can access via our website? Our website contains links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy and Cookies Policy.  If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of those websites may collect personal data from you which will be used in accordance with their respective privacy policies which you should read.  We are not liable for the practices of such third party website operators in respect of your personal data. You acknowledge that any information that you post using our social media facilities will be viewable by anybody who visits those websites and that such information is also subject to the relevant provider’s privacy policy.  You are advised to consult each such privacy policy to see how they will use your data.