https://www.matheney-cpa.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions For Use Of This Site At Matheney and Matheney CPAs PLLC, we respect your concerns about privacy. This policy was developed so you may visit and use our site without being concerned about how this information is being used. In a nutshell, we do not and will not sell, rent, nor pass your information onto any third parties. If you have any concerns, please contact us.
Privacy Policy At Matheney and Matheney CPAs PLLC, we are committed to respecting your privacy concern with the information you have entrusted us with. We give users choice and consent over how their personal information is used, and remove names upon request.
Third Party Use We will NOT release your name or any information pertaining to you to other organizations. Your email address will not be released to any third party. We will not share with others any demographic information that you may provide us that can be identified as relating to you personally.
Copyrights and Trademarks This site as a whole is copyrighted as a collective work, and individual works appearing on or accessible through this site are likewise subject to copyright protection. You agree to honor the copyrights in this site (including the selection, coordination and arrangement of the contents of this site) and in the works available on or through this site. You may download and maintain single copies of designated materials for your personal use only. In addition, trademarks and tradedress belonging to us or to others appear on or are accessible through this site. The fact that we have permitted you access to this site does not constitute authorization to reproduce our trademarks or tradedress for any other purpose. By submitting any material to us, such as by posting a comment to a discussion group, or by sending to us an email, you are thereby granting to us a non-exclusive license to reproduce, display, distribute, modify and create derivative works from such material and to use such material and the fact of your authorship of it for marketing purposes.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Warranties This site is provided as a research and reference tool. Although we make every reasonable effort to ensure that the information, tools, and data provided at this site are useful, accurate, and current, we cannot guarantee that it is error-free. This site and the information available through it do not, and are not intended to constitute legal advice. By using this site, you assume all responsibility for and risk arising from your use of and reliance upon the contents of the site. References and links to products and services belonging to third parties are provided for your convenience and do not represent our endorsement of such products or services. This site and its contents are provided "as is." We disclaim all warranties, express and implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability and of fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any information contained on, accessible through or derived by you from this site.
Termination of Site and Site Access We reserve the right to change the contents of this site or to discontinue it at any time, as well as the right to deny access to the site to any person whom we have reasonable grounds to believe may be using the site for an unlawful or unauthorized purpose or in a manner that may harm us.
Call Us Now509-893-0150
Get a free consultation for your business.
Give us a call or fill our our free consultation form.
Newsletter Signup
Sign up for our free newsletter for regular accounting and tax updates.
Signup now
our cpa services
Tax Planning and Preparation
Accounting Services
QuickBooks Accounting
Outsourced Accounting
New Business Advisory
Individual Services
Business Consulting
Send Files Securely
Use our secure file transfer system to send us files safely.
Send files