https://www.intouchinsight.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
At Intouch Insight Inc. (“Intouch”), we respect and protect the privacy of visitors to our websites.This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how we collect and use visitors’ and customers’ information, particularly personal information, as part of the Service. The information Intouch collects and uses is limited to the purpose for which our customers engage Intouch and other purposes expressly described in this Policy. Any discussion of your use of the Service in this Policy is meant to include your visits and other interactions with the Intouch Websites, whether or not you are a user of Intouch’s services.
What do we mean by Personal Information?
In this Policy, personal information means information or an information set that identifies or could be used by or on behalf of Intouch to identify an individual and includes any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.Personal information does not include Usage Data which we define as encoded or anonymized information or aggregated data that we may collect about a group or category of services, features or users which does not contain personally identifying information. Usage Data helps us understand trends in usage of the Service so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Service. In addition to collecting and using Usage Data ourselves, we may share Usage Data with third parties, including our customers, partners and service providers, for various purposes, including to help us better understand our customers’ needs and improve the Service as well as for advertising and marketing purposes. We do not share Usage Data with third parties in a way that would enable them to identify you personally.
How Do We Collect, Use and Share Your Personal Information and Other Information?
Information You Provide to Us
When you register for a Service, we ask for personal information such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information, as well as certain related information like your company name. We also collect personal information such as an email address and a name or alias of any users you authorize/give access to log into and utilize the Service in connection with your Account and a password from these users when they first access the Service.A third-party intermediary is used to manage credit card processing. This intermediary is not permitted to store, retain, or use your billing information for any purpose except for credit card processing on Intouch’s behalf.Intouch may use the personal information provided to operate the Service and tailor its customers’ needs, for billing, identification and authentication, to contact and communicate with you and your users about the Service and your and their use of the Service, send marketing materials (subject to your opt-out option), for research purposes, and to generally improve the content and functionality of the Service.Intouch may also share personal information with its third-party service providers (such as its credit card processors and hosting partners) to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and other services we use to operate the Service and maintain a high quality user experience. We do not permit our service providers to use the personal information that we share with them for their marketing purposes.Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to/from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to Intouch.
Log Files
As is true with most websites, Intouch gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol addresses, browser, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data as well as certain personal information such as user name, user email address and other information that may be included in open textual fields. We generally use this information as we would Usage Data to analyze trends, administer and maintain the Service, or track activity within the Service. Our application log files are subject to the same strict data security policies and procedures as the application databases for our Service.We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
Cookies / Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Intouch and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.We use cookies to keep a User or End-User logged into the Service and to remember relevant information when the User or End-User returns to the Service, to understand their preferences and improve their user experience, and track and analyze usage, navigational and other statistical information from visitors to the Intouch Websites. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.You can generally accept or decline the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser.If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control or delete them, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance. In addition, certain third party advertising networks, including Google, permit users to opt out or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing.We partner with a third party to either display advertising or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Other Information Sharing
In addition to the purposes described above, we disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.We may share information, including personal information with any member of Intouch for the purposes stated herein.
Links to Other Websites
A service may contain links to websites and applications other than the Service, including websites and applications operated by affiliates and other third parties (“Third Party”). If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of Third Party websites and applications linked to the Service when you leave the service. This Policy applies only to information collected by the Service.
Public Forums
A Service (including the Intouch Websites) may offer publicly-accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information provided in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@intouchinsight.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Social Media Widgets
Our Website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Customer Testimonials/Comments/Reviews/Feedback
From time to time, we post customer testimonials on the Intouch Websites that may contain personal information. We obtain the customers’ consent to post their names along with their testimonials. If customers wish to update or delete their testimonial, they can contact us at info@intouchinsight.com.
Protection of Information
Intouch is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. We utilize robust precautions to protect the confidentiality and security of the personal information within the Service, by employing technological, physical and administrative security safeguards, such as firewalls and carefully developed security procedures. For example, when you enter confidential information (such as login credentials or information submitted from within the Service) we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). These technologies, procedures and other measures are used in an effort to ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you authorized to access your data. However, no internet, e-mail or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free, so you should take care in deciding what information you send to us in this way.
Hosting and Data Transfer
Unless we expressly agree otherwise (including through our Terms of Service), we may host and process data, including personal information, in the United States, Canada and in other countries through Intouch and third parties that we use to operate and manage the Service. When you access or use the Service, or otherwise provide information to us, you are consenting, on behalf of you and your authorized Users or End-Users, (and representing that you have the authority to provide such consent) to the processing and transfer of information in and to the United States, Canada and other countries which may have different privacy laws from your or their country of residence.
Choice
We process and store information on behalf of our customers. Intouch has no direct relationship with the individuals with whom our customers may interact using the Service. If you are an individual interacting with a customer of the Service and would no longer like to be contacted by that customer, please contact that customer directly.If you are an Intouch customer and would like to opt-out of getting marketing communications from Intouch, please contact us at info@intouchinsight.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each marketing email. Requests to opt-out of transfers to our third-party vendors may also be submitted, but limitations on data sharing may make it difficult or impossible to provide the Service in this manner.
Data Retention
Intouch will retain personal information we process on behalf of our customers or collect directly from our customers for as long as needed to provide Service to our customers, subject to our compliance with this Policy. We may further retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, maintain accurate accounting, financial and other operational records, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We have established internal policies for the deletion of data from customer accounts following termination of a customer’s subscription to the Service.
Children’s Personal Information
Intouch does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through our Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to Intouch through our Service, please contact us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes to this Policy, we will notify you by email, through the Service, or by posting notice on the Intouch Websites prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to this Policy. Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this Policy, is to discontinue use of the Service.
Business Transactions
Intouch may assign or transfer this Policy, and your user account and related information and data, including any personal information, to any person or entity that acquires all or substantially all of the business, stock or assets of, or is merged with, Intouch.
Contact Us
If you have questions regarding this Policy or about the privacy practices of Intouch, please contact us by email at info@intouchinsight.com.