http://www.pacificwestrefrigeration.com/terms-privacy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Marine Refrigeration
Marine Refrigeration Overview
Bristol Bay Service and Support
Newfoundland Service and Support
Products
Bristol Bay RSWs
Refrigerated Sea Water Systems
Hydraulic Drive RSWs
Diesel Drive RSWs
Belt Drive RSWs
Electric Drive RSWs
Hold Plates
Custom Marine Freezer Racks
Low Temp Marine Condensing Units
RSW Run Tests
About Us
About Us
Testimonials
Warranty Statement
Specials
Fishing News
Fishing News
Trade Shows
Contact Us
Pacific West Refrigeration > Terms – Privacy
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.
1. TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Warranty Disclaimer
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. makes no representations or warranties in relation to this web site or the information and materials provided on this web site.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this web site is complete, up to date or understood by the viewer.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
This entire and whole web site and its separate and individual parts and sections, including all public and private information and content in the form of text information, pdf’s, graphs, graphics and/or photographic images, are the sole property of Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. and are protected by Canadian and International Copyright Laws. Copying, downloading or Use of any and all public and/or private information or content from this web site without written authorization is Strictly Prohibited by Law.
Limitations of Liability
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the services and products offered on this site, or the performance of the services and products.
Reasonableness
By using this web site, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this web site disclaimer are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.’s officers, employees or sub-contractors in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with this web site.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this web site disclaimer will protect Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this web site disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this web site disclaimer.
2. PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
Your privacy is important to Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. collects, and the ways in which Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website
information that you provide for the purpose of registering with the website
information about transactions carried out over this website
any other information that you send to Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.
Using personal information
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. may use your personal information to:
administer this website
improve this website
enable your access to and use of the website services
send to you products that you purchase
supply to you services that you purchase
send you statements and invoices
process transactions from you
send you marketing communications
improve customer service
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. will not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating this website, conducting their business, or servicing you, so long as these parties agree to keep this information confidential.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Updating this statement
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. No notification of changes will be provided other than updated postings on this web site. It is the sole responsibility of the viewer/user of this web site to check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other web sites
This web site contains links to other web sites.
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. is not responsible for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party, but does seek to protect the integrity of this web site and welcomes any feedback about these links or sites.
Links to this website
You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Contact Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.’s treatment of your personal information, please write to:
Pacific West Refrigeration
3. COOKIES POLICY
About Cookies
Cookies are information packets sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables web servers to identify and track web browsers.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
Like most interactive web sites Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Third Party Cookies
When you use Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.’s web site, you may also be sent third party cookies, which may be used for the following purposes:
Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. is not responsible for any third party cookie or their management of same.
Refusing Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.
Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some web sites.
Contact Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.
If you have any questions about Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd.’s Term and Conditions, please write to:
Pacific West Refrigeration
Copyright © 2020 Pacific West Refrigeration Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Web Site Design by Great Bear Web Design
Call Now Button