https://www.missionperformance.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy & Cookie Policy - Mission Performance Ltd
+44 (0)1329 841652
info@missionperformance.com
Menu
Home
Expertise
Human Factors
Communication
Leadership Development
High Performance Teams
Coaching
Keynote Speakers
Our Mission
Profiling Tools
NEUROCOLOR
SDI
LPI
EQi 2.0
TMSDI
MTQ48
WRAW
CCI-Q
HDS
MBTI
Team
Clients
Story
Charity
Blog
Mission Performance Privacy & Cookie Policy
Introduction
Mission Performance Limited cares about the privacy of your personal information and is committed to protecting it. This Privacy and Cookie Policy (Policy) explains what information we collect about you and why, what we do with that information, and how we handle that information.
About us
In this Policy, references to “we” or “us” are to Mission Performance Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales (registered number 4288784) whose registered office is at Bulwark Unit 3, Daedalus Park, Daedalus Drive, Lee-on the-Solent, PO13 9JB, United Kingdom, who will be the controller of any personal data processed applicable to the data protection laws (the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR), together with any implementing legislation the Data Protection Act 2018).
This Policy is incorporated into Mission Performance’s General Terms & Conditions (General Terms) and applies to information obtained by us through your use of the information, software, products and services made available through the missionperformance.com website and the Mission-Hub learning platform hub.missionperformance.com (Website).
Collection of your Personal Information
Mission Performance collects information that, alone or in combination with other data, could be used to identify you (Personal Information), such as your e-mail address, name, telephone number, or employment information. If you make a purchase from Mission Performance, we will collect and store your billing information. Mission Performance may also collect anonymous demographic information which is not unique to you, such as your postal code and preferences (Non-Personal Information). Non-Personal Information is not linked to your Personal Information (for example, your IP address).
Mission Performance will collect your Personal Information in several ways, including when you contact us through the Website, by telephone, post, e-mail or through the other means set out below. We may collect the following types of information:
your name, address, email address, telephone number(s) and other contact details
information required to provide you with a service, and details of our services that you have used
your company’s name, your position in the company; the company’s address, company’s email address and telephone number
your payment information such as credit or debit card details and bank account details.
Information you provide when you register for an account
When you register for a Mission Performance account, you voluntarily give us certain Personal Information, including your: name and e-mail address, billing information, if you make a purchase or pay subscription fees. This is required to complete a commercial transaction on the Website.
Information from third parties
We collect Personal Information about you from third parties such as social media networks. We use this information to source potential customer leads. We may also receive your data indirectly from exhibition organisers and hosts of some of our open programmes event.
Other information we collect
We also collect this Personal Information as you use the Website: User Content. This consists of all text, documents, content or information uploaded, entered, or otherwise transmitted by you in connection with your use of the Website.
Use of Website Cookies
When you visit our Website, we automatically collect information about you. Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience when visiting the website.  Cookies are small files saved to your device that track, save and store information about your interactions with and usage of the website.  This allows the website, through its server to provide you with a tailored experience within this website.
If you don’t want cookies to be stored on your device, you should make the necessary changes to your device or the relevant browsers or apps. Please note that if you disable cookies, some services or website functionality may not be available.
We use the following cookies:
Essential cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms.
Analytical cookies. This website uses Google Analytics tracking software to better understand how you use it. This software will save a cookie to your device in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.  You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information.
Marketing/tracking cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests.
By continuing to use our website, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests, and further help us to improve the site.
Other cookies may be stored on your device by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts.  These cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected without your consent.
List of Cookies
Cookie
Name
Valid for
Essential cookies
gadwp_ir_default_dimension
gadwp_ir_default_metric
gadwp_ir_default_swmetric
Set by third party, but not beyond 2 years.
Analytical cookies
ga,_gat_gid
Set by third party, but not beyond 2 years.
Marketing/ Tracking cookies
1P_JAR, ANID, APISID, CONSENT, DSID, HSID, IDE, NID, SAPISID, SEARCH_SAMESITE, SID, SIDCC, SSID, __cfduid
2 years.
Use of your Personal Information
By accessing our Website via any means, you agree that your personal information may be collected, stored, used and shared by us and our partners, course and content providers, or third parties we work with, for any of the following purposes:
to provide, maintain, protect and improve the quality of the Website and the Online Courses and Content we offer, including by conducting anonymised market research, and to protect us and our users;
to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the Website;
to fulfil any contractual agreements between you and us;
if you have been enrolled to take part in an Online Course, to send you details of our other products and services which we think may interest you, unless you opt out. You can control your email preferences on the settings page;
to tailor our advertising on social media to your use of the Website;
to manage your Learner account that you hold with us;
to allow you to use the full range of features on or via our Website;
to send you course-specific email notifications and updates about Online Courses and Content you are enrolled on;
to comply with legal and regulatory requirements;
to contact you occasionally in order to invite you to share your opinions and experiences;
in order to provide third party goods or services available through our Website, including (but not limited to) confirmation of the Courses you have participated in and/or the award you have achieved as a result (if applicable) for accreditation or CPD purposes, and to enable you to participate in our refer-a-friend rewards scheme.
We may use your email address to send you course notices and updates about our Services. You can control your email preferences on the settings page.
Storage of Personal Information
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only hold your Personal Information on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Policy, or until you request that the information be deleted in accordance with your right of erasure (see “Your rights” section below).
Even if we delete your Personal Information, we reserve the right to maintain a copy for legal, tax or regulatory purposes, but in such event, we will do so only as long as necessary to fulfil those legal, tax or regulatory purposes. Please contact lanej@missionperformance.com for more information.
Personal Information access and disclosure
We will only disclose Personal Information to third parties:
when we use vendors, lawyers and service providers to assist us in meeting business or operating needs, such as providing technical services, hosting our Website, communicating with users, delivering and improving our services, e-mail communication, invoicing and payments, customer support services and analytics. These service providers may only access, process or store Personal Information pursuant to our instructions and to perform their duties to us, and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Marketing
Our Company would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to third parties.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
What is your data protection rights?
You have the following data protection rights:
You can edit your personal details via your profile page whenever you wish. We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your personal information remains correct and up-to-date or choose whether or not you wish to receive material from us or some of our partners.
In addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
You may unsubscribe from certain email communications by following the Unsubscribe link in the email communication itself. You may also update your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your Learner account page. You may also email us at support@missionperformance.com in order to access, correct, delete or update your personal information on our systems. We will answer every email as promptly as possible.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information on the basis of your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you have any privacy-related questions or unresolved problems, you may contact us at lanej@missionperformance.com.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available here.)
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
Links to Third Party Websites
When clicking on a link within a course step or in a course email, you will be taken to a third-party website, the use of which has been arranged by and is the responsibility of the course providing organisation.
On this website you may be asked to submit some information about yourself. Please make sure you are familiar with the terms and conditions and privacy and policy of the third-party website before submitting your information.
The course providing organisation will only use your personal information for the purpose stated in the course and in accordance with the terms of the third-party website.
Whether you follow a link in a course and submit your personal information or not, your course progress will in no way be affected.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 26 November 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about privacy and cookie policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: lanej@missionperformance.com
Call us: +44 (0) 1329 841652
Or write to us at: Mission performance Ltd, Bulwark Unit 3, Daedalus Park, Daedalus Drive, Lee-on the-Solent, PO13 9JB, United Kingdom.
Our Partners
Click to read more
Newsletter
Stay in touch for details of our current work, open programmes, open days, and future events that may be of interest to you and your organisation.
What We Do
Case Studies
Contact Us
General Terms and Condition
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Bulwark Unit 3,
Daedalus Drive,
Daedalus Park,
Lee-on-the-Solent,
PO13 9FX, UK
+44 (0)1329 841652
info@missionperformance.com
© 2020 Mission Performance Limited | Web Design and Development by Eldo Web Design Ltd