http://www.blueoceantackle.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Commercial Fishing Supply
Marine Supply & Equipment
Contact Us
Home
Commercial Fishing Supply
Marine Supply & Equipment
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At Blue Ocean Tackle Inc., we recognize that privacy is important and we are committed to protecting your privacy rights. We use the information we collect about you to process orders, to improve the content of the Website and to provide a more personalized experience. We may also use it to periodically inform you about changes on our Website and new products and services. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
Information you provide such as credit card or other payment account information is maintained in an encrypted form on secure servers provided by PCI-Compliant gateways such as (but not limited to): PayPal or Authorize.net.
We also use your name, e-mail address and other information on our system to notify you of new product information. Blue Ocean Tackle may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, or for other purposes.
Activity Information – In order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Blue Ocean Tackle Website, including information about users accessing the Website such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time. By using the Blue Ocean Tackle Website, you consent to our retaining all of your Activity Information.
IP Address – An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Web. We may retain your IP address in order to help us diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our Website, to help identify you, to gather broad anonymous demographic information (such as the number of visitors from a geographic area), to enforce compliance with the Website terms and conditions, or otherwise in order to protect our services, sites, customers, or others.
Log information – When you use the Blue Ocean Tackle Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
User communications – When you send email or other communication to the Blue Ocean Tackle Website, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Links – The Blue Ocean Tackle Website may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our Website.
We may also disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc or the users of the Website, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Website.
We do not currently maintain any procedures for you to review the information that we collect about you.
Information Security – We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
However, please note that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so while Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc strives to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you voluntarily give to Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc.
Third party links, co-brand relationships and public forums – In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc may choose various third party websites to link to, link from, and frame within, the Website. However, we have no control over these linked sites, each of who have separate privacy and data collection practices independent of Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites. Please make sure you are comfortable with the privacy practices of every site you visit before providing the site with your personal information. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk.
We also may make forums and message boards available to you on the Website. Please remember that we cannot control the information that is shared by members and that anything you voluntarily provide in any public area of the Internet will be publicly available to other visitors on that web site and potentially to other third parties. Thus, please note that you should always exercise caution when deciding to publicly disclose any of your personal information in these and similar areas.
Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc treatment of personal information by contacting us.
Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under eighteen (18) years of age, but if we do become aware of having collected personally identifiable information from a user who is younger than eighteen (18) years of age, we will remove such information from our files.
Please note that this Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the bottom of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of information by Blue Ocean Tackle, Inc as set forth in this Policy. If we decide to change our Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what limited circumstances we disclose it. Continued access or use of the Website shall constitute your express acceptance of any modifications to this Policy
Stay Connected
Commercial Fishing Supply
Anchor Pullers
Anchors & Chains
Blocks & Rollers
Bottom Fishing Reels
Clutches
Crimping Tools
Day Shapes
Fishing Buoys & Floats
Gloves
Hog Rings
Hydro-Slave Haulers
Longline Reels
More
Marine Supply & Equipment
Absorbents & Oil Spill Kits
Anchor Links & Shackles
Backing Out Punch Tools
Baier Marine Hatches
Buoy Release Hooks
Buoys
Capstans
Carpenter Stoppers
Chain Chaser
Day Shapes
Dredge Floats
Ladders & Gangways
Life Rafts
Marine Hardware
Marine Fenders & Buoys
Sea Catch Release Hooks
Winches
More
Home
Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping
Claims & Returns
International Orders
Other Websites of Interest
*Mailing Address Only:
20423 SR 7 Suite 151
Boca Raton, FL 33498
(754) 212-4892
WordPress Image Lightbox Plugin