http://www.bishops.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this privacy policy is to help you understand what information we might collect about you and how we use it.
Who we are
Bishops Printers Ltd is a general commercial printer providing digital and lithographic printed products and mailing house services. Our mailing services are provided through a division of Bishops Printers, The Mailing People, who are an ISO 27001 Management Information Systems certified company.
Bishops Printers Ltd is the data controller of personal data you provide to us on an individual basis, or that we collect from the public domain (e.g. a website or public register). We act as a data processor on behalf of our customers when required to do so for the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and will ensure that any processing of your data is secure, only used for the stated purpose and handled in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR - 2016/679).
Use of personal information
We process personal information for the purposes of:
Providing and personalising our services
Dealing with your enquiries, requests and orders
Providing you with information about our print and mailing services
For sending out industry news related to collateral design, print and mailing
Carrying out market research campaigns to enhance the products and services we offer
When contacting you for the above purposes we may do so by phone, post or email, unless you tell us otherwise. You may opt-in and opt-out from receiving promotional information about Bishops Printers at any time by emailing enquiries@bishops.co.uk.
Information collected
We only collect personal information that is relevant for our stated purposes. Information about you, such as your name, your business telephone number, email and postal address, that is in the public domain (for example, on a website or public register). If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We collect information from visitors to our website through the use of online forms, email hyperlinks and every time we are emailed through the website. Information about your visit to our website is collected automatically in order to enhance your experience, monitor and improve our website’s performance.  Please see our cookies policy for more details.
Legal basis to process your personal data
The GDPR allows personal data to be legally collected and used if it is necessary for a legitimate interest of the organisation, provided it is fair and balanced and does not unduly impact the rights of individuals. Having conducted a Legitimate Interests Assessment (LIA) Bishops Printers has concluded that our legitimate interest in collecting and processing personal data is justified by the purpose, necessity and balance of interests.
Passing your information
Your personal data will never be passed on to any other party outside the Bishops Printers organisation, other than contracted parties acting directly upon our instructions, and in compliance with the GDPR.
Data retention
As a Data Controller, we will only retain your personal data for as long as it is associated with a business in our database in relation to design, print or mailing interest. Thereafter, we will anonymise your data by removing any identifiable information or erase it. We verify our data periodically, typically every 12-18 months.
Your rights
You have the right to see a copy of any personal information which is held by Bishops Printers about you. To do so, please make a request in writing to: Bishops Printers, Walton Road, Farlington, Portsmouth, PO6 1TR.
You may request us to rectify or block the processing of your personal data if that personal data is no longer accurate.
You have the right to be forgotten. At your request we will anonymise or erase your personal information, retaining sufficient information only for suppression purposes.
Should you wish to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK regarding our handling of your personal data, they can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Amendments
This privacy policy was last reviewed in May 2018 and is subject to change from time to time.
Gareth RobertsManaging Director
Bishops Printers LtdWalton RoadFarlingtonPortsmouthPO6 1TR