http://www.rci.com.au/privacy.aspx
Ruth Group -
We Bring Science to your Farm
Home
RCI's Educational Booklets
Meet the Ruth Group
Contact the Ruth Group
Ask a Question
RCI Trials
Privacy Statement
RCI Home is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the RCI Home Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the RCI Home website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
RCI Home collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. RCI Home also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by RCI Home. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by RCI Home for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the RCI Home Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through RCI Home public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: RCI Home does not read any of your private online communications.
RCI Home encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from RCI Home so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. RCI Home is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the RCI Home and RCI Home family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
RCI Home collects and uses your personal information to operate the RCI Home Web site and deliver the services you have requested. RCI Home also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from RCI Home and its affiliates. RCI Home may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
RCI Home does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. RCI Home may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, RCI Home may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to RCI Home, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
RCI Home does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
RCI Home keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within RCI Home, in order to determine what RCI Home services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within RCI Home to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
RCI Home Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on RCI Home or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of RCI Home; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of RCI Home, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The RCI Home Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize RCI Home pages, or register with RCI Home site or services, a cookie helps RCI Home to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same RCI Home Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the RCI Home features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the RCI Home services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
RCI Home secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. RCI Home secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
RCI Home will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. RCI Home encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how RCI Home is protecting your information.
Contact Information
RCI Home values your privacy. If you would like to understand what personal information we retain, please contact RCI here and after making reasonable efforts to confirm your identity, we will send this information to you. If you then wish us to delete this information you can then request this.
If you believe that RCI has not adhered to this Statement, please contact RCI here. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Google Site Stats
You may have clicked on an ad for this website that was delivered by Google.
Relevant Ads, Quality Advertisers
Google measures the performance of the advertising it delivers. By providing a tool to more accurately measure the performance of the ads we deliver, Google (and advertisers) will be able to improve the quality and relevance of the ads that you see.
Your Privacy
To measure performance, Google uses small strings of text (known as cookies) that are placed on your computer when you click on ads. Cookies typically remain active on your computer for about 30 days. If you visit certain pages of the advertiser's website during that period, Google and the advertiser will be able to tell that you saw the ad delivered by Google.
If you'd like to know more about how Google handles information gathered from the use of cookies, please read our privacy policy. If you want to disable the use of cookies, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some websites may not function properly if you refuse to accept cookies.
©Ruth Consolidated Industries Pty Ltd ©Rural Chemical Industries (Aust) Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Privacy StatementTerms Of Use