http://www.advancedarenas.com/privacy.html
Tournaments |
Home  |  About
us  |  Contact
us  |  Help  |  What's
New  |  Facility
Directory
•
Philosophy
•
Our History
•
Timeline
•
Our Structure
•
Development
Process
•
Consulting
•
Facilities
and Locations
•
Management
•
Advanced
Tournaments
•
N.I.H.L.
Advanced Arenas Inc
On-Line Privacy Policy
Advanced
Arenas Inc respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Sites. As
a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from
users of its sites. However, certain non-personal information is recorded
by the standard operation of Advanced Arenas Inc Internet servers. Information,
such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your
Internet Service Provider is gathered in order to customize your online
experience. Other uses of this information include internal review of
the number of users to the Site, but only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifiable
form. This data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising
or other uses.
Personally
identifiable information that may be collected in connection with your
voluntarily filling out online forms is retained by Advanced Arenas Inc
and is not sold or otherwise transferred outside the company without your
prior consent. This information may be used to better understand your
use of the Site and to support advertising transactions made on the Sites
FOR PARENTS
CONCERNING PRIVACY: On the Site specifically designed for children, Advanced
Arenas Inc requires children to consult with their parents before furnishing
data. However, Advanced Arenas Inc believes that parents should supervise
their children's online activities and consider using parental control
tools available from online services and software manufacturers that may
help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools may also
prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other
personal information without parental permission. Personal information
about or obtained from a child will not be used for commercial or trade
purposes without the prior written consent of a parent or legal guardian
of the child.
To view educational
material on consumer privacy, please see http://www.ftc.gov/.
Copyright©
1999-2004 Advanced Arenas Inc.
External sites are not endorsed by Advanced Arenas Inc.
Webmaster
Privacy
Policy