http://www.eyeconvideo.com/privacy.shtml
HOME    |
ABOUT US    |
PORTFOLIO    |
SERVICES    |
PRICING    |
EDUCATION    |
CONTACT US
/ Privacy
This Privacy Statement covers all of Eyecon Video Productions Web sites, including:
www.eyeconvideo.com
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you request information about a product or service or register with one of our sites, we may need to know specific information about you. This enables us to process your registration/ requests and reply to your needs promptly.
Our site's registration and survey forms require users to give us contact information (like your name, e-mail and address) and demographic information (like your zip code, age, or position). We may use the contact information from these registration and survey forms to send you information about our organization. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. See the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor your experience at our sites and distribute content that we think you might be interested in.
When you order products or services from Eyecon Video Productions Web site, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. To learn more about our encryption policies, please review the section on "How does Eyecon Video Productions protect customer information?"
This site contains links to other sites. Eyecon Video Productions is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We will not pass your information along to the linked site; however, we cannot protect your information if you provide information to that site.
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of Eyecon Video Productions Web sites (listed above). We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web site, new services offered by Eyecon Video Productions, and special offers and information we think you will find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please contact us through one of the channels identified in the choice/opt out section.
How does Eyecon Video Productions protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. This secure server software, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access with the use of digital certificates. Digital certificates for Eyecon Video Productions are issued by VeriSign, one of the most established signers of digital certificates. To learn more about our online security, simply click on the "Security" icon in your browser tool bar.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from Eyecon Video Productions and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site allows the following options for removing your information from our database. If you do so, you will not receive future communications from us.
1.You can send email to info@eyeconvideo.com
2.You can send mail to the following postal address:
Eyecon Video Productions
1865 Summit Avenue, Suite 605,
Plano, Texas 75074
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1.You can send email toinfo@eyeconvideo.com
2.You can send mail to the following postal address:
Eyecon Video Productions
1865 Summit Avenue, Suite 605,
Plano, Texas 75074
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Eyecon Video Productions. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Tell us what you think
Eyecon Video Productions welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to info@eyeconvideo.com.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Eyecon Video Productions
1865 Summit Avenue, Suite 605,
Plano, Texas 75074
info@eyeconvideo.com
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Virtual Tour
Testimonials
Awards
Careers
Shooting
Editing
Studio
Virtual Studio
Creative
Mailing Address
1865 Summit Avenue | Suite 605
Plano, Texas 75074
USA (Dallas/Ft Worth)
Please
call for our physical location
Phone (972)-881-3200
Toll Free (877) 704-1517
Web design and development by
around avenue beach better carolina check city clients colorado companies compared country dallas excellent eyecon ft hd hints kansas las looking news oklahoma plano portland produced production professional projects provide quality rapids san santa service south springfield suite television texas toledo value vegas video virginia west work world worth york
Want to Produce a Video?
Glossary of Terms
Audio
Editing
HD
Lighting
On Location
Shooting
Your Business Video
Miscellaneous
© 2012 Eyecon Video Productions. All rights reserved. The EYECON VIDEO PRODUCTIONS name, logos, and related marks are trademarks of Eyecon Video Productions. | Privacy | Terms & Conditions