http://www.alaskausa.org/service/security/privacy.asp
Skip links
Skip to main content
If you are using a screen reader and having difficulties with the site, call the Member Service Center 24/7 at 800-525-9094.
Skip to footer
Alaska USA Federal Credit Union
Lock iconLOG IN
Menu iconMenu
For
you
For your
business
About
us
Lock iconLog In
Close
Access your account and pay bills
Forgot Login
| Enroll
Make a payment
Get the Alaska USA app
Locations iconLocations
Branches
ATMs
Shared Branching Locations
Mortgage Offices
Insurance Offices
Rates iconRates
Vehicle Loans
Other Loans
Credit Cards
Checking / Savings
Money Market Account
Certificates
Home Loans
Business Loans
All Rates
Phone iconContact
907-563-4567 or 800-525-9094
Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
memberserviceatalaskausa.org
Live chat is currently unavailable
Routing number 325272021
More contact information
Accounts
Accounts
Checking
Savings
Credit Card
Money Market
Certificates
IRA
Health Savings Account
Business Accounts
Related Services
Visa Debit Card / ATM Card
Online Account Access
ClickSWITCH™
Direct Deposit
Overdraft Protection
Business Services
Other Services
Open an account
Contact us800-525-9094
Rates
Loans
Loans and Credit Cards
Vehicle Loans
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
NADA
Apply online
Loan rates
Contact us
800-525-9094
Insurance
Protect Your Vehicles
Auto
Boat
Motorhome / RV
Motorcycles / ATVs / Snowmachines
Protect Your Loan
Asset Protection (GAP)
Payment Protection
Protect Your Home
Homeowners
Condo
Renters
Landlord
Protect You / Your Family
Umbrella
Accidental Death & Dismemberment
Term Life
Whole life coverage
Get an insurance quote
Contact Alaska USA Insurance Brokers
800-478-1251
Home Loans
Buying or Refinancing
Home Mortgages
Residential Lots
Recreational Property
Contact a Loan Originator
Rate Quote
Home Mortgages
For Your Current Home
Home Equity (HELOC)
Home Improvement
Recreational Property
Rates
Residential Lots
Recreational Property
HELOC
Equity Loans
Home Improvement
Home mortgages
Apply online
Request a rate quote
Other loans
Apply for a Real Estate Loan
Contact us
800-525-9094
Plan & Invest
Retirement
Education Funding
Insurance
Employer Sponsored Retirement Plans
Investments
Contact a Financial Professional
Meet your financial professionals
Search iconSearch
Search Alaska USA
Alaska USA Information Practices
California Consumer Rights
California residents can request access to personal information collected and shared by Alaska USA or any of our affiliates by entering a personal information request or calling our Member Service Center at 1-800-525-9094.
Protecting your accounts
Alaska USA will never call, email, or text its members to request confidential information.
Safeguard your information by learning to recognize and avoid phishing, identity theft, and other forms of fraud.
Forward suspicious emails to
Effective Date: 12/31/2019
To learn more about how we collect, use, and share your personal information in the course of business, refer to the privacy notices below:
Alaska USA Privacy Notice
Alaska USA Mortgage Company Privacy Notice
Procura Mortgage Company Privacy Notice
California Consumer Privacy Act Policy
This online information practices notice applies to websites and mobile applications owned, operated, or developed by Alaska USA Federal Credit Union and its subsidiaries.
Online information Alaska USA collects
How we use your online information
Cookies and pixel tags
Third party sites
Online advertising
Children's privacy
Notice updates and effective date
Online information Alaska USA collects?
Information you provide
Alaska USA may collect any information you enter on our websites, apps, or email. You may choose to not provide some information, but by doing so you might be unable to use specific products, services, or site features. We use the information you provide for servicing your requests, providing products and services, and communicating with you, and for the other purposes outlined below.
Automatic data collection
Alaska USA automatically collects certain data when you interact with Alaska USA websites, apps, email messages, or advertisements on other websites. Data may be received directly from your device or browser, and through the use of cookies and pixel tags. Alaska USA does not process "Do Not Track" directives your browser may send.
Collected data may include:
Data about your computer or mobile device, including operating system, browser version, and device capabilities.
Data about your network connection, such as the IP address and geolocation of your device. Location data is collected to enable online location-based services, including mapping and advertising. Most mobile devices and browsers allow you to disable location sharing. If sharing is disabled, you may still be able to use these services, but will not be able to benefit from location-aware features.
Data about your usage of Alaska USA online systems, include pages visited, length of time spent visiting individual pages, and patterns of site visits.
Data about email interaction, including read-receipts and measurement of click-through in messages.
How we use your information
Alaska USA may use your information for several purposes, including:
Purpose
Examples
Security
Maintain a secure session.
Authenticate your computer.
Detect potentially fraudulent transactions.
Verify transactions.
Site Management
Customize content displayed on Alaska USA sites and apps.
Improving the relevance and usefulness of websites, apps, and email communications
Marketing
Provide personalized promotional content on Alaska USA websites and apps.
Monitor the effectiveness of advertising on Alaska USA and third-party websites.
Improving the relevance and usefulness of email communications.
Cookies and pixel tags
Cookies refer to data that is stored on your device at the request of a server. Browser cookies are sent by a web server to the browser on your device when you visit a website. When you return to the site, your browser gives this data back to the server. Mobile applications may also use cookies. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) allow a server to know when specific actions are taken on a website, app, or email.
Session cookies
Alaska USA uses session cookies to help maintain continuity during an online session, to gather site usage data, to evaluate the success of online promotions, and for information security purposes. Session cookies are automatically deleted each time you close your browser. UltraBranch and online loan applications require that your browser accept session cookies.
Blocking cookies
If you configure your browser to reject cookies, site features that depend on them will be affected. In some cases this may mean a loss of customization, in other cases the feature will no longer function.
Third party sites
Contract service providers
Alaska USA uses a number of contract service organizations to provide members online access to financial information or services. These sites may display Alaska USA's logo, but are not part of Alaska USA's domain (website). Security and privacy are controlled by the site's owner and not by Alaska USA, and practices and policies may differ from Alaska USA. Refer to the posted privacy statement and/or user agreements at each site for additional information about how that particular organization manages information.
Social media
Alaska USA may create and maintain a presence on one or more social media sites. These sites enable sharing and collaboration among the site's registered users. Any content you share on these sites, including personal information, pictures, and comments, is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of the respective site.
Alaska USA may use information you post directly on Alaska USA sanctioned social media pages, or that you make publicly available on the relevant social media site, to respond to your comments or posts. The social media site owner may provide Alaska USA access to aggregate data about users that view or post comments on official Alaska USA pages. Alaska USA uses this data to understand and improve the communication with participants on the site.
Public forums and social media sites, (including the Alaska USA Facebook page) are not secure environments. For your protection, please do not share sensitive account information, including social security numbers, account numbers, user IDs, passwords, or specific transaction details.
Links to other sites
As a convenience to members and prospective members, Alaska USA provides links to third party websites with which Alaska USA has no contractual relationship. Alaska USA is not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices of sites it does not control. Please refer to the privacy and security policies of these sites to learn more.
Online advertising
Third party advertisements
Alaska USA does not include non-affiliated third party advertisements in its websites or mobile applications.
Advertisements on third-party sites
Alaska USA may work with advertising companies to promote Alaska USA products and services on third-party sites. Companies may be provided non-personally identifiable criteria to guide the selection of ads that will be displayed on these sites. Alaska USA may collect information about your interaction with ads on other sites.
Children's privacy
Alaska USA does not knowingly collect or share personal information from individuals under the age of 16 through any website or mobile app. For more information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website: www.ftc.gov.
Notice updates and effective date
Alaska USA may update this notice from time to time. When this notice is updated, the updated version will be posted on the site, and the "Effective Date" displayed at the top of this page will be updated. The notice becomes effective when posted on this site.
Home
About
Contact
Careers
Privacy
Security
Locations
FAQs
Connect with us!
Facebook iconFacebook
Youtube iconYoutube
LinkedIn iconLinkedIn
Twitter iconTwitter
InstagramInstagram
Need to reach us? Give us a call!
Member Service Center is open 24/7
907-563-4567 or 800-525-9094
Checking and Savings
Checking accounts
Savings accounts
Money market accounts
Certificate accounts
Individual retirement accounts (IRA)
Health Savings Account
ATM & Visa Debit Card
Loans & Credit Cards
Visa® Credit Cards
Car & Truck Loans
Motorcycle Loans
ATV & Snowmachine Loans
Recreational Vehicle Loans
Boat & Vessel Loans
Aircraft Loans
Signature Loans
Credit Line
Military Payday Credit Line
Pledge of Shares
Pledge of Certificate
Home Loans
Mortgage Loans
Contact a Mortgage Originator
Home Equity Line of Credit
Home Improvement Loans
Residential Equity Loans
Residential Lot Loans
Recreational Property Loans
Insurance
Protect Your Vehicles
Protect Your Home
Programs for Alaska USA Members
Asset Protection (GAP)
Payment Protection
Business Services
Checking
Visa Debit Card
Card Processing
Depository Services
UltraBranch® Business Edition
Business & Commercial Loans
Resources
Service Network
Branches
ATMs
Online Account Access
Member Service Center
More Contact Information
Rates & Fees
Frequently Asked Questions
Search Alaska USA
Fraud & ID Theft
Privacy & Security
Educational Resources
About Alaska USA
Press Releases
Publications
Membership
Employment Opportunities
Credit Union Officials
History of Alaska USA
© Copyright 2020
Alaska USA and UltraBranch are registered trademarks of Alaska USA Federal Credit Union.
If you are using a screen reader and having difficulties with the site, call the Member Service Center 24/7 at 800-525-9094.
Real Estate loans are provided by Alaska USA Federal Credit Union in Alaska, Arizona, Washington, NMLS ID #409001. Mortgage loans are provided by Alaska USA Federal Credit Union in Arizona, NMLS ID #409001. Mortgage loans are provided by Alaska USA Mortgage Company, LLC in Alaska, Washington and California. License #AK157293; Washington Consumer Loan Company License #CL-157293; Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Residential Mortgage Lending Act, License #4131067.
Products offered through Alaska USA Insurance Brokers, LLC, are provided by various carriers and are an obligation of the issuing company. They are not obligations of or deposits to Alaska USA Federal Credit Union or its subsidiaries, and are not insured by the National Credit Union Administration or any other agency of the United States. Some products not available in all states. California Insurance License # OF41797.
Federally insured by NCUA
top
Leaving alaskausa.org
Close
You are about to visit a third-party website not operated by Alaska USA Federal Credit Union.
Alaska USA Federal Credit Union is not responsible for the product, service, or website content on any external third-party sites and does not represent either you or the website operator if you enter into a transaction.
Alaska USA Federal Credit Union's privacy and security policies do not apply to the linked site.
Continue