http://www.calligraphy.co.uk/terms-of-use/?SID=abdec47976a371d347036e978eaa7f23&___store=calligraphy
Terms of Use
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
+44(0)1746 861 236
We now deliver worldwide
Contact Us
Log In
Menu
Find a stockist
Search
Cart
0
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Search:
Search
My Account
My Wishlist
My Basket
Checkout
Register
Log In
Gallery
Home
ChristmasView All ChristmasChristmas Gifts for KidsChristmas Gifts for AdultsGifts for HimGifts for HerStocking Fillers £15.00 and under Christmas CraftsChristmas SetsFree Projects & DownloadsKidsView All KidsThe Lionheart CollectionKids ChalkKids Paints & BrushesKids Pens & MarkersKids PencilsCalligraphyView All CalligraphyCalligraphy Pens & SetsDip Pen CalligraphyCalligraphy NibsLeft-Handed CalligraphyBeginner's CalligraphyModern CalligraphyML1856Hand LetteringView All Hand LetteringHand Lettering SetsHand Lettering GiftHand Lettering MarkersCallicreative MarkersStationeryBrush Calligraphy & LetteringChildren's Pens & MarkersArt SuppliesView All Art SuppliesPencilsPaint BrushesArtist PaintArt PensModelling ClayDiamond Art Craft KitsShop by BrandView All Shop by BrandChameleon Art ProductsPrintworksKoh-I-Noor Art ProductsConklin ViscontiMonteverdePininfarina SegnoVideo Inspiration
BlogSupportCare for your PenCalligraphy Nib ExchangeInk Flow TipsInk ConvertorsFAQsVideosProject DownloadsChildren's ResourcesCallicreative AppML1856 WarrantyIdeas and Inspiration
Home
/
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
ABOUT MANUSCRIPT PEN COMPANY AND THESE TERMS OF USE
This Website is owned by:Manuscript Pen Company Ltd
Registered office:Highley,Nr. Bridgnorth,Shropshire,WV16 6NNCompany no. 2414044VAT no. 478956863
Introduction
These Terms of Use govern your use of Manuscript Pen Company websites and mobile applications (together the “Platforms”). In these Terms of Use, we use the term Manuscript Pen Company (and “we”, “us” and “our”) to refer to the head office of Manuscript Pen Company at the registered address above and its affiliates.
Please read this notice carefully. It covers the terms and conditions for the use of this Website and any materials contained on this Website. Using this Website indicates that you accept these terms and conditions regardless of whether you register with us or place an order.
We may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. You should check this Website from time to time to review the then current Terms of Use because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms and Conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Website. If you do not wish to accept any new Terms and Conditions after we have given notice, you should not continue to use this Website.
Our Hosting Services
Hosting Services for our website is provided by Gloversure.
Our Privacy Policy
Our information collection practices on the Platforms, such as the types of information we collect regarding visitors to the Platforms and the ways in which we may use that information, are governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Use of Materials on this Platform
You may download a copy of our brochure or visual and written content for your own non-commercial, educational, private or domestic use only, provided that proprietary notices, in particular intellectual property notices such as copyright©, trademark™, registered ® are preserved intact and are not modified, deleted or changed. Unless otherwise stated, you should assume that everything that you see or read on the Platforms (such as images, photographs, including any person represented in the photographs, illustrations, icons, texts, video clips, music, written and other materials) (“Manuscript Pen Company content”) are protected by legislation such as copyright, designs and trademark legislation and under international treaty provisions and national laws worldwide.
You are not authorised to sell, reproduce, distribute, communicate, modify, display, publicly perform, report or otherwise prepare derivative or second hand works based on or use any Manuscript Pen Company content in any way for any public or commercial purposes. Furthermore, Manuscript Pen Company content may not be displayed or communicated on any other platform, in a networked computer environment or on any other digital platform for any purpose whatsoever unless you have obtained permission from us to do so. In the event of breach of any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use Manuscript Pen Company content will automatically terminate and any copies made of Manuscript Pen Company content must be immediately destroyed. Any unauthorised use of Manuscript Pen Company content may infringe copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
User Submissions and Contact
This section is in relation to communications sent to Manuscript Pen Company. It does not refer to the communication of personal information to Manuscript Pen Company in relation to customer enquiries, the use of services or the purchase of products via www.calligraphy.co.uk. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information regarding this.
Any unsolicited communication or material that you send to Manuscript Pen Company via the Platforms “Contact Us” page or through social media, by electronic mail or otherwise, including, but not limited to, any data, questions or answers, comments, suggestions, or the like will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary by Manuscript Pen Company. You automatically grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive licence to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display such communication(s) alone, or as a part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known of hereafter developed and to sublicense such rights to anyone. Anything that you transmit may be used by Manuscript Pen Company and its affiliated companies for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting, or developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
“User Submissions” are all material, including but not limited to text, images or other data, posted or submitted by a user for publication on this Website, as part of a review or blog or otherwise.
“Prohibited Content” for User Submissions is content which is illegal or inappropriate, including but not limited to material submitted in breach of the intellectual property rights of another person or defamatory, obscene, offensive or malicious material,
You grant us without charge or time limit, a license to use, reproduce, modify, publish and create derivative works from your User Submissions worldwide in any form or media.
You have sole responsibility for your User Submissions and the consequence of posting or publishing them and you must not make any User Submissions to this Website which include Prohibited Content and you must not impersonate another person.
We are not obliged to publish User Submissions and we reserve the right to remove or edit any User Submissions to our website, whether before or after publication.
We do not take responsibility for the accuracy of information on this website nor for monitoring User Submissions but if you have any concerns about the content of our website please call Customer Services on +44 (0) 1746 861236 immediately or use the Contact Us page to notify us by email, giving full details and these concerns will be investigated as quickly as possible and appropriate action taken.
Limitation of Liability
Manuscript Pen Company has endeavored to ensure that all product descriptions and photographs are as accurate as possible.
Manuscript Pen Company does not give any guarantees, warranties or representations in respect of any third parties services.
Because of the nature of the Internet Manuscript Pen Company provides and maintains this Platform on an “as is” and “as available” basis and we make no promise that use of this Platform will be uninterrupted or wholly error free. We are not responsible if we are unable to provide our Internet services for any reason beyond our control.
This Platform contains links to other websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by us. These links are provided for your convenience only and we are not responsible for the content of those sites.
Except as provided above we can give no other warranties, conditions or other terms, express or implied, statutory or otherwise and all such terms are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
You will be responsible for any breach of these terms by you and if you use this Platform in breach of these terms you will be liable to and will reimburse us for any loss or damage caused as a result.
These terms above shall not limit any rights you might have as a consumer that may not be excluded under applicable law nor shall they exclude or limit Manuscript Pen Company liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence nor any fraudulent representation.
Manuscript Pen Company will not be liable in any amount for failure to perform any obligation under this agreement if such failure is caused by the occurrence of any unforeseen event beyond its reasonable control including without limitation Internet outages, communications outages, fire, flood, war or act of God.
Please read the instructions, manuals and other user documentation that comes with your Products carefully. You are urged to use all products safely and in accordance with the manufacturer’s guidelines.
These terms do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer which are available to you.
Subject as aforesaid, to the maximum extent permitted by law, Manuscript Pen Company excludes liability for any loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising, including without limitation any direct, indirect or consequential loss whether or not such arises out of any problem you notify to us and we shall have no liability to pay any money by way of compensation, including without limitation all liability in relation to:
Any incorrect or inaccurate information on this Platform.
The infringement by any person of any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party caused by their use of this Platform or any Product purchased through www.calligraphy.co.uk
Any loss or damage resulting from your use or the inability to use this Platform or resulting from unauthorised access to, or alteration of your transmissions or data in circumstances which are beyond our control;
Any loss of profit, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or any other loss which does not directly result from something we have done wrong;
Any amount or kind of loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect a user’s computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by persons accessing, using or downloading this Platform, or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from this Platform or its licensees and affiliates;
The availability, quality, content or nature of the other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties to which this Platform links and websites located on or through any External Site nor for any transactions involving External Sites (including as to ‘cookies’, personal data, confidential information, or purchases of domain names or other services). Manuscript Pen Company have not reviewed every link that is associated to this Platform and is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to any of the Platforms. If you choose to click through any link to off-site pages or third party sites then this is at your own risk. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links, website or transactions;
All representations, warranties, conditions and other terms which but for this notice would have effect.
English Law
The formation, interpretation and operation of the Contract will be subject to English Law and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise stated, Manuscript Pen Company owns the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights in (or has a licence to use) all material published on this site and subject to the licence below these rights are reserved.
The material on this Platform may only be used or reproduced for your own personal use on the basis set out below and must not directly or indirectly be republished or used for any commercial purpose.
You are permitted to print and download extracts from this Website for your own personal use on the following basis:
No documents or related graphics on this Platform are modified in any way;
No graphics on this Platform are used separately from accompanying text;
Any use of extracts from this Platform other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions for any purpose is prohibited.
Indemnity
You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of the Terms and Conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Platform, or the use by any other person accessing this Platform using your account and/or your Personal Information.
Restricted Access
Only registered trade customers are allowed access to the “trade” section of this Platform and we reserve the right to restrict access to any part of the Platform.
Our Rights
Manuscript Pen Company may modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Platform (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of this Platform; and/or change the Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of this Platform (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Terms of Use have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Terms of Use then you must immediately stop using this Platform.
Manuscript Pen Company may also terminate this Agreement and immediately remove, cancel or suspend access to and use of this Platform upon breach of any part of these Terms of Use whatsoever.
Termination shall be without prejudice to Manuscript Pen Company’s other rights.
Manuscript Pen Company acts as principal on its own account and not as agent for you or any other person.
If Manuscript Pen Company does not enforce any provision of this agreement such will not be considered a continuing waiver.
In the event that any part of these Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable, such part will at our option be construed as far as possible to reflect the parties’ intentions and the remainder of the provisions will remain in full force and effect.
These Terms of Use constitute the full agreement between you and Manuscript Pen Company and may only be amended in writing. They apply to the exclusion of all other terms or conditions of contract proposed.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Use, or matters generally, please contact us at the address provided below. You can also use this address if you wish to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Manuscript Pen Company Ltd
Registered office:Highley,Nr. Bridgnorth,Shropshire,WV16 6NN
+44(1)746 861 236
manuscript@manuscriptpen.com
Find your local store
Search our directory for a Manuscript retailer near you...
Search
Useful Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR at Manuscript
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Blog
Inspiration
Shop Links
Delivery Information
Secure Shopping
Conditions of Sale
Orders & Returns
Contact Us
Tel: +44(0) 1746 861 236Fax: +44(0) 121 615 3353
Manuscript Pen Company LtdHighley
Nr. Bridgnorth
Shropshire
WV16 6NN
© 2018 Manuscript Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Magento design by GloverSure Ltd