http://www.mare.com/terms-conditions/
LEGAL INFORMATION
Mare S.p.A.
Registered office in Milan, Via S.A.M Zaccaria 1, 20122, Italy
Tax code and VAT number: IT05509410964
The domain “mare.com” is registered by Mare S.p.A.
Terms and conditions of use
This website is an on-line information and communication service provided by Mare S.p.A. (“Mare”). If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with Mare’s privacy policy, govern the relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use this website or download any materials from it.
Limited use
The contents of this website pages are protected by Mare’s copyright – all rights reserved – and cannot be, all or in part, copied, reproduced, transferred, uploaded, published or distributed in any way without Mare’s prior written consent.
Its trademarks and logos displayed on the website are the property of Mare, or its affiliates. They cannot be used on another website without Mare’s prior written consent. It includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Disclaimer
The contents are for your general information and use only, and may be changed without notice. The information on this website is provided in good faith and Mare believes it to be accurate. Neither Mare nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. Any part wishing to purchase goods should not rely on it and should make specific enquiry concerning the products, the materials and their use. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which Mare shall not be liable. You acknowledge and accept that said information may contain inaccuracies or errors and Mare expressly excludes liability for any inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Privacy law
Mare complies with Italian data protection law (“Privacy law”). Therefore, Mare gives great consideration to data and information of its customers, suppliers and visitors and takes appropriate measures to safeguard any information it has been provided with. The information that we collect is generally used for internal review. Where applicable, you will have the option to ask Mare for removal of your personal data from its archives. In accordance with Italian law on privacy matter, Mare informs you that: 1) Internet e-mail is not a safety information channel because the Internet network is not always available, secure and reliable; 2) E-mail does not have legal value and cannot e used as a piece of evidence ; 3) Sensitive data cannot be sent by Internet e-mail.
Links
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and do not signify that Mare endorses them. Mare assumes no responsibility for material created or published by third parties that Mare’s website pages have a link to. If you decide to visit any linked site you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all measures against viruses or other destructive elements.
Information from you
Any material sent to Mare shall be deemed not confidential and Mare shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to said material and therefore Mare shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, display, transform, create, derivative works and distribute the materials to others without limitation.
Cookies
A cookie can be put in some parts of this website, with a view of tracking user traffic patterns. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refusing them whenever browser alerts you to their presence.
Law and Jurisdiction
Any dispute arising from these terms and conditions and activities covered thereto shall be resolved by the Courts of Milan, Italy, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction and Italian laws shall apply. Mare nonetheless reserves the right to take legal proceedings in a country other than Italy, to protect its interests or to enforce its rights whenever it deems it appropriate to do so.
Milan, 9 October 2012
Keep up to date with the latest developments in the industry by signing up to our newsletter…