http://www.superiorenergy.com/privacy/
-- Superior Energy Brands --
Balance Point Control
Complete Energy Services - Fluid Management
Concentric Pipe & Tool Rentals
Connection Technology
HB Rentals
International Snubbing Services
SPN Well Services
Stabil Drill
Superior Energy - Completion Services
Warrior
Wild Well Control
Workstrings International
Home
About Us
Corporate Governance
Leadership
Shared Core Values
Mission and Vision
Health, Safety, Environment & Quality
Products & Services
Drilling Products & Services
Onshore Completion & Workover Services
Production Services
Technical Solutions
Brands
Balance Point Control
Complete Energy Services - Fluid Management
Concentric Pipe & Tool Rentals
Connection Technology
HB Rentals
International Snubbing Services
SPN Well Services
Stabil Drill
Superior Energy - Completion Services
Warrior
Wild Well Control
Workstrings International
Regions
Africa
Asia Pacific
Europe
Middle East
North America
Latin America
Investor Relations
Stock Quote
News Releases
Analyst Coverage
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
Non-GAAP Reconciliation
Presentations
Email Alerts
Information Request
Transfer Agent
UK Tax Policy and Strategy
Tax Consequences for Former Complete Shareholders
Careers
Search Jobs
Returning User Login
About the Company
E-Verify
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Contact
Superior Energy Services
1001 Louisiana Street
Suite 2900
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: +1 713 654 2200
Fax: +1 713 654 2205
Resources
Data Protection Commitment Statement
Data Protection Policy
Privacy Notice for Company Personnel
Privacy Notice for Customers and Suppliers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information we collect and how we use it
Personal Information
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name and email address) on this Web site ("Site"). For example, if you email us through the "Contact Us" link or any other company email address found on this Site, or use the "Live Chat Support" function on the Careers page of this Site, you will be providing us with your name and email address and any additional information you may choose to disclose. If you would like to receive company news alerts from the Superior Investors Relations staff, we ask for your explicit consent together with your email address so we can send you the news alerts. Additionally, subject to giving your explicit prior consent, we occasionally may ask visitors to this Site to participate in an online survey. If you choose to participate in such a survey, you may be asked to provide your name and email address, as well as various personal and/or non-personal information.
Information We Share
We do not sell, share, rent or otherwise disclose personal information about our Site visitors, except where certain safeguards and contractual arrangements have been put in place.
We only share personal information we hold with third parties, including but not limited to our service providers, if: (i) we have a lawful basis for doing so; (ii) sharing the information complies with our Privacy Notice(s); and (iii) the third party has agreed to comply with the required data security policies and procedures and put adequate security measures in place. Superior reserves the right to share your information with its subsidiaries and affiliates if the recipient has a job-related need to know the information. We also reserve the right to transfer your information to any party or parties which may merge with or acquire all or substantially all of the assets or outstanding stock of Superior, provided the transfer is in compliance with the criteria outlined above.
Superior reserves the right to share your information with its subsidiaries and affiliates.
We also reserve the right to transfer your information to any party or parties which may merge with or acquire all or substantially all of the assets or outstanding stock of Superior.
Information We Transfer
We may transfer the personal information we collect on this Site to other countries where we do business. Information on when international transfers may occur and how they are managed can be found in our Privacy Notice(s).
Links to Other Sites
Superior Energy contains links to other Web sites that may have different and even conflicting privacy policies from ours. We do our best to link to responsible sites, but we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
Children's Privacy
Although our Site is a general audience Web site that is not specifically designed for or targeted at children, the protection and safety of children is very important to Superior and we therefore encourage parents and guardians to participate in and supervise the online activities of their children.
We do not knowingly collect, use or disseminate any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If, however, we become aware that personally identifiable information regarding a child under the age of 13 has been collected at our Site, we will remove that information from our systems.
How We Protect Personal Information
Superior utilizes various safeguards to protect against the unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information you provide on this Site. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to help keep the personal information you provide on this Site secure.
While Superior Energy takes every measure to protect your information, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice. We will post a prominent notice on this Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Changes
You may, at any time, review, update, or change your personal information by emailing or calling us.
You may also exercise any of your rights under applicable data protection laws as explained in our Privacy Notice(s).
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, if you would like us to update the personal information we have on file for you or to exercise your legal rights in respect of your personal information, please contact us by:
Emailing dataprotection@superiorenergy.com or calling us at 713-654-2200
Further information on data protection can be accessed here.