http://www.proshares.com/terms_and_conditions_of_use.html
opener
Products
Resources
News
Insights
Terms and Conditions of Use
Please read the following Terms and Conditions of Use carefully before using the ProShares website. By using ProShares.com, and the information and services available through the site, you agree to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use, please do not use this website.
ProShares.com is owned and operated by ProShares (ProShares Trust and ProShares Trust II). ProShares ETFs are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. ("SEI"), which is not affiliated with the funds' advisor or sponsor. ProShares may modify these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time and without notice. Any such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting to this website. We suggest you periodically review these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Page Contents
Important Fund Disclosures Copyright Use of Hyperlinks Timeliness of Content ProShares Privacy Policy ProShares Proxy Voting
Foreign Investors
Business Continuity Plan
Warranties, Disclaimers and Indemnifications
Social Media Policy
Email Correspondence
Governing Law Trademarks
Important Fund Disclosures
Availability of Prospectuses
Carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of ProShares ETFs before investing. This and other information can be found in their summary and full prospectuses. Read them carefully before investing. A separate ProShares Trust II prospectus is available for Volatility, Commodity and Currency funds. You can also receive prospectuses by writing to us at: ProShares, 7501 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1000E, Bethesda MD 20814, or by calling us at 866.PRO.5125. Investors can also obtain prospectuses and seek advice from a financial professional or broker/dealer representative.
Notification of Risks
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. ProShares are generally non-diversified and entail certain risks, including risk associated with the use of derivatives (swap agreements, futures contracts and similar instruments), imperfect benchmark correlation, leverage and market price variance, all of which can increase volatility and decrease performance. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectuses. There is no guarantee any ProShares ETF will achieve its investment objective.
[top]
Copyright and Licenses
All content, information, products and services available on or through ProShares.com are owned, licensed or controlled by ProShares. ProShares.com is copyright 2011, ProShares, and protected under United States copyright laws, all rights reserved. No permission is granted to sell, copy, publish, reproduce, distribute, modify, post, "mirror" on any server, transfer or frame, in whole or in part, any of the contents, materials, designs, media or code from this website without the advance, express, written permission of ProShares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, materials provided by third parties may be subject to additional or different terms of use and restrictions. Unauthorized use of any material available on or through this website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, trade secret laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Requests for consent to use website content or any other elements found on ProShares.com must be made in writing to: ProShares, 7501 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1000E, Bethesda, MD 20814.
All names, graphics, logos, trademarks and service marks appearing on ProShares.com are the exclusive property of their respective owners. All ProShares names, graphics, logos, trademarks and service marks are exclusive property of ProShares. ProShares' names, graphics, logos, trademarks and service marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ProShares' without express advance written permission, and none of these may be used in any manner likely to cause confusion among customers or investors, or that is in any manner offensive, false, misleading, derogatory, disparaging or discrediting towards ProShares.
The Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS") was developed by and is the exclusive property and a service mark of MSCI Inc. ("MSCI") and Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P") and is licensed for use by ProShares. Neither MSCI, S&P nor any third party involved in making or compiling the GICS or any GICS classifications makes any express or implied warranties or representations with respect to such standard or classification (or the results to be obtained by the use thereof), and all such parties hereby expressly disclaim all warranties of originality, accuracy, completeness, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of such standard or classification. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, S&P, any of their affiliates or any third party involved in making or compiling the GICS or any GICS classifications have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages.
The information provided by ProShares contains SEDOL Masterfile® data sourced from the London Stock Exchange Masterfile®.
It is provided for information purposes only.
If you intend to do anything other than print or save a copy of the information, contact the London Stock Exchange to obtain the appropriate license for your intended use.
You may reach the London Stock Exchange at
sedol@lseg.com .
[top]
Use of Hyperlinks
You may not hyperlink to ProShares.com unless you receive permission from ProShares and accept and agree to comply with the conditions referenced below:
The hyperlink must be directed to ProShares' homepage at www.ProShares.com.
The text of the hyperlink must state "ProShares" or "ProShares.com."
The hyperlink may not falsely represent or suggest any relationship between ProShares and the linking website or entity.
The hyperlink may not portray any ProShares information in any manner that is offensive, false, misleading, derogatory, disparaging or discrediting.
The hyperlink may not alter the integrity or layout of the ProShares.com website.
Hyperlinks to ProShares.com from other websites are maintained by independent third parties and are not affiliated with ProShares. ProShares is not responsible for the accuracy or timeliness of any information or media provided on third party websites.
[top]
Timeliness of Content
The information available on this site is reviewed and updated with due diligence, however, information available on this site may become outdated. Neither ProShares nor SEI assumes any liability or guarantee for the timeliness, accuracy and completeness of the information provided through ProShares.com. ProShares makes reasonable efforts to provide content from sources it believes to be reliable, but makes no representation or warranty that the information available on ProShares.com is correct, accurate, complete or reliable.
The content on the ProShares website is provided for information, education and non-commercial purposes only and is subject to change at any time. The information provided should not be construed as investment advice. Under no circumstances is the information provided intended to be an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy ProShares ETFs. Each investor is responsible for evaluating the suitability and risks associated with investing in ProShares ETFs and agrees to not hold ProShares, SEI, their subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, and agents liable for any possible claim for damages arising from any decision based on the information made available through ProShares, ProShares.com or SEI.
[top]
ProShares Privacy Policy
ProShares' Privacy Policy may be reviewed here.
[top]
ProShares Proxy Voting
ProShares' Proxy Voting Policy may be reviewed here.
[top]
Foreign Investors
ProShares' investment products and the services referred to on ProShares.com are intended to be made available only to U.S. residents. Some ProShares products may be made available to non-U.S. residents through third parties. Under no circumstances is any information provided on the ProShares website intended for distribution to or use by, or to be an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy ProShares ETFs or any investment product or service to, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, use, offer or solicitation would subject ProShares or its affiliates to any registration requirement or be unlawful under the securities laws of that jurisdiction or country.
[top]
Business Continuity Plan
ProShares has a flexible Business Continuity Plan ("BCP") to respond to events that significantly disrupt business. ProShares' BCP is designed to enable quick recovery and resumption of business operations after a significant business disruption ("SBD") by safeguarding employees and property, making financial and operational assessments, and protecting books and records so ProShares can continue to transact business.
ProShares' BCP addresses the following areas: data back-up and recovery; all mission-critical systems; financial and operational assessments; alternative communication methods with business constituents, employees, and regulators; alternative physical location for critical employees; service providers; and regulatory reporting. Back-up records are maintained electronically, and certain documentation is secured off site. While every emergency situation poses unique problems, it is ProShares' and its technology service providers' objectives to restore all services as soon as possible.
SBDs vary in scope and severity. They may disrupt operations solely at ProShares, or they may affect a larger area. Should an SBD occur applying solely to ProShares' primary place of business, the firm will transfer operations to an off-site location and generally resume business the same day. If a larger area is disrupted, ProShares will transfer operations to a site outside of the affected area and generally resume business within 24 hours. ProShares will notify you of any necessary information through ProShares.com.
This BCP is reviewed and approved annually by senior management and is subject to change. For more information, or if you have questions about the BCP, please contact ProShares at 866-PRO-5125 or through ProShares.com.
[top]
Warranties, Disclaimers and Indemnifications
ProShares makes no warranties, express or implied, about the use of ProShares ETFs or ProShares.com.
ProShares.com is made available as is, and is subject to change at any time and without notice.
ProShares makes no warranties, express or implied, that ProShares.com will be uninterrupted, secure or error free.
ProShares makes no warranties, express or implied, that the information on ProShares.com will meet your needs or requirements.
To the full extent permitted under applicable law, ProShares expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind with respect to ProShares.com, and any products or services available on or through this website, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability and non-infringement.
Any content or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of ProShares.com is done at your own discretion and risk. You are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or other equipment, loss or corruption of data, or any other losses or damages, tangible or intangible, resulting from your use of any materials downloaded from or obtained through ProShares.com.
You agree that ProShares, SEI, their subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, and agents is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, intangible, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages from loss of profits, revenue, income, goodwill, use, or data beyond the control of ProShares or SEI, caused by your use of or your inability to use ProShares.com.
You agree that ProShares, SEI, their subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, and agents is not liable for damages caused by theft, unauthorized access, systems failure, or communications line failure, or the cost of procuring substitute goods or services, or for any other occurrences beyond the control of ProShares or SEI, even if they have been advised of the potential for such damages, caused by your use of or your inability to use ProShares.com.
As a condition of using ProShares.com, you agree to indemnify and hold ProShares, SEI, their subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless from and against any claims, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorney fees, arising from your use of or your inability to use ProShares.com, or any violation by you of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
[top]
Social Media Policy
Any comments expressed by visitors to or followers of ProShares and its affiliated social media websites (e.g., LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube) are those of the persons submitting the comments and the responsibility of such persons. ProShares does not adopt, endorse, or guarantee the accuracy of content posted by others, and such content does not represent the views of ProShares. ProShares reserves the right to remove and moderate comments.
ProShares reserves the right to restrict users who have online pages containing offensive content or serving as promotional sites, or for any other reason.
ProShares and SEI Investments Distribution Co. do not sponsor the opinions or information presented in articles, unless otherwise indicated, nor do they assume liability for any loss that may result from relying on these opinions or information. The material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for purchase or sale of any security, nor is it individual or personalized investment advice.
ProShares may provide a link to a specific third-party article, which may bring you to a site containing additional articles and hyperlinks. No third-party articles or links are created or endorsed by ProShares, nor does ProShares hold any responsibility for their content or accuracy. If visitor to or follower of ProShares and its affiliate social media websites access additional articles, third-party web sites, and hyperlinks, they do so at their own risk.
Carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of ProShares before investing. This and other information can be found in their summary and full prospectuses. Read them carefully before investing. Separate
ProShares Trust II prospectuses are available for Volatility, Commodity, and Currency ProShares.
This information is not meant to be investment advice. Shares of any ETF are generally bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. ProShares ETFs are generally non-diversified and entail certain risks, including risk associated with the use of derivatives (swap agreements, futures contracts and similar instruments), imperfect benchmark correlation, leverage and market price variance, all of which can increase volatility and decrease performance. For more on correlation, leverage and other risks, please read the prospectuses. There is no guarantee any ProShares ETF will achieve its investment objective. ProShares ETFs may not be suitable for all investors.
[top]
Email Correspondence
Inquiries concerning ProShares can be made through our general information email address at info@ProShares.com.
[top]
Governing Law
The terms of these policies, and any dispute that might arise between you and ProShares, SEI, their subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, and agents, are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
[top]
Trademarks
"QQQ,®" "NASDAQ-100®" and "NASDAQ Biotechnology Index®" are trademarks of The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.
"Standard & Poor's,®" "S&P,®" "S&P 500,®" "S&P MidCap 400,®" "S&P SmallCap 600,®" "Standard & Poor's 500,®" "S&P 500® VIX® Short-Term Futures IndexTM", "S&P 500® VIX® Mid-Term Futures IndexTM", "S&P Merger Arbitrage," "S&P 500® Dividend Aristocrats®," "S&P Strategic Futures Index," "S&P 400 MidCap® Dividend Aristocrats,®"
"S&P 500 Ex-Energy Index," "S&P 500 Ex-Financials Index," "S&P 500 Ex-Health Care Index," "S&P 500 Ex-Information Technology Index," "S&P 500/MarketAxess® Investment Grade Corporate Bonds Index," "S&P® Technology Dividend Aristocrats®,"
"Dow Jones Index," "DJ," "Dow Jones Industrial Average,SM" "The Dow 30,SM" "Dow Jones U.S. Sector Indexes," "Dow Jones Select Sector Indexes," and "Dow Jones Brookfield Global Infrastructure Composite Index" are products of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates.
The "Russell 2000® Index," "Russell 2000® Dividend Growth Index," "Russell 3000® Dividend Elite Index," and "Russell®" are trademarks of Russell Investment Group.
"MSCI," "MSCI Inc.," "MSCI Index" and "EAFE" are service marks of MSCI.
"Bloomberg®" and the names identifying each of the individual Bloomberg Commodity Subindexes are trademarks or service marks of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively, "Bloomberg").
The "ICE U.S. Treasury 20+ Year Bond Index" and "ICE U.S. Treasury 7-10 Year Bond Index" are trademarks of Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ("ICE").
"iBoxx®" is a registered trademark of Markit Indices Limited.
"Credit Suisse" and "Credit Suisse 130/30 Large Cap Index™" are trademarks of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC or one of its affiliates.
"Research Affiliates Fundamental Index®" and "RAFI®" are trademarks of Research Affiliates, LLC.
"Merrill Lynch Factor Model®" Exchange Series," "Merrill Lynch Factor Model,®" and "Merrill Lynch International™" are intellectual property of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith IncorporatedTM or its affiliates ("BofAML").
"CITI" is a trademark and service mark of Citigroup Inc. or its affiliates, and is used and registered throughout the world.
"LPX® Direct Listed Private Equity Index" and "LPX®" are registered trademarks of LPX GmbH.
"Deutsche Bank" and "DBIQ Short Duration Emerging Market Bond IndexSM" are service marks of Deutsche Bank AG.
"Morningstar® Diversified Alternatives IndexSM" is a product of Morningstar, Inc.
"FTSE Developed Europe All Cap Index" and "FTSE RAFI US 1000 Long/Short Total Return Index" are trademarks of the FTSE International Limited ("FTSE").
"Solactive AG" is a registered trademark of Solactive AG.
All have been licensed for use by ProShares.
"VIX®" is a trademark of the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ("Cboe") and has been licensed for use by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC.
"S&P®" is a registered trademark of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P") and "Dow Jones®" is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones") and have been licensed for use by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its affiliates.
"FTSE®" is a trademark of the London Stock Exchange Group and The Financial Times Limited and is used by FTSE International Limited ("FTSE") under license.
ProShares have not been passed on by these entities or their subsidiaries or affiliates as to their legality or suitability. ProShares are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by these entities or their subsidiaries or affiliates, and they make no representation regarding the advisability of investing in ProShares. THESE ENTITIES AND THEIR SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES AND BEAR NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO PROSHARES.
[top]
The Full ProShares Lineup
ETF Type
Equity
Fixed Income
Alternative
Volatility
Geared
View All Products
Get News Updates
Register
View the News Center
Click to see historical NAVs, NAV change (%, $), and shares outstanding.
SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that facilitates fairer comparisons of funds. The figure reflects dividends and interest earned by the securities held by the fund during the most recent 30-day period, net the fund's expenses.
Unsubsidized SEC 30-Day Yield shows what the SEC 30-Day Yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
Duration is a measurement of how long, in years, it takes for the price of a bond to be repaid by its internal cash flows. Modified duration accounts for changing interest rates. It measures the sensitivity of the value of a bond (or bond portfolio) to a change in interest rates. Higher duration means greater sensitivity.
The weighted average maturity (WAM) of a portfolio is the average time, in years, it takes for the bonds in a bond fund or portfolio to mature. WAM is calculated by weighting each bond's time to maturity by the size of the holding. Portfolios with longer WAMs are generally more sensitive to changes in interest rates.
Yield to maturity (YTM) is the annual rate of return paid on a bond if it is held until the maturity date. Weighted average yield to maturity represents an average of the YTM of each of the bonds held in a bond fund or portfolio, weighted by the relative size of each bond in the portfolio.
A coupon is the interest rate paid out on a bond on an annual basis. The weighted average coupon of a bond fund is arrived at by weighting the coupon of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio.
Weighted average price (WAP)
is computed for most bond funds by weighting the price of each bond by its relative size in the portfolio. This statistic is expressed as a percentage of par (face) value. The price shown here is "clean," meaning it does not reflect accrued interest.
Monthly volatility refers to annualized standard deviation, a statistical measure that captures the variation of returns from their mean and that is often used to quantify the risk of a fund or index over a specific time period. The higher the volatility, the more the returns fluctuate over time.
Absolute return strategies seek to provide positive returns in a wide variety of market conditions. These strategies employ investment techniques that go beyond conventional long-only investing, including leverage, short selling, futures, options, etc.
Arbitrage refers to the simultaneous purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the price of identical or similar financial instruments, on different markets or in different forms. For example, convertible arbitrage looks for price differences among linked securities, like stocks and convertible bonds of the same company. Merger arbitrage involves investing in securities of companies that are the subject of some form of corporate transaction, including acquisition or merger proposals and leveraged buyouts.
Commodity refers to a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other goods of the same type. Examples include oil, grain and livestock.
Correlation is a statistical measure of how two variables relate to each other. Two different investments with a correlation of 1.0 will move in exact lockstep, investments with a correlation of zero will not move at all in relation to each other, while investments with a correlation of -1.0 will move in opposite directions. The higher the correlation, the lower the diversifying effect.
Currency refers to a generally accepted medium of exchange, such as the dollar, the euro, the yen, the Swiss franc, etc.
Market neutral is a strategy that involves attempting to remove all directional market risk by being equally long and short.
Futures refers to a financial contract obligating the buyer to purchase an asset (or the seller to sell an asset), such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
Global macro strategies aim to profit from changes in global economies that are typically brought about by shifts in government policy, which impact interest rates and in turn affect currency, bond and stock markets.
Hedge funds invest in a diverse range of markets and securities, using a wide variety of techniques and strategies, all intended to reduce risk while focusing on absolute rather than relative returns.
Leverage refers to using borrowed funds to make an investment. Investors use leverage when they believe the return of an investment will exceed the cost of borrowed funds. Leverage can increase the potential for higher returns, but can also increase the risk of loss.
Long/short strategies involve using a combination of long and short positions in securities with the objective of reducing market risk and enhancing return.
Managed futures involves taking long and short positions in futures and options in the global commodity, interest rate, equity, and currency markets.
Precious metals refer to gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Private equity consists of equity securities in operating companies that are not publicly traded on a stock exchange.
Real estate refers to land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure.
Short selling or "shorting" involves selling an asset before it's bought. Typically, an investor borrows shares, immediately sells them, and later buys them back to return to the lender.
Volatility is the relative rate at which the price of a security (or benchmark) moves up and down. Volatility is also an asset class that can be traded in the futures markets. Tradable volatility is based on implied volatility, which is a measure of what the market expects the volatility of a security's price to be in the future.
Geared investing refers to leveraged or inverse investing.
• Leveraged investments provide magnified exposure to an asset or benchmark.
• Inverse investments provide inverse exposure to an asset or benchmark.
CSM rated 5 stars for the 3-year period ending March 31, 2013 among 99 U.S. long/short equity funds. © 2013 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. The Morningstar Rating™ is provided for those ETFs with at least a 3-year history. Ratings are based on the ETF's Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure which accounts for variation in monthly performance. The fund's performance and rating are calculated based on net asset value (NAV), not market price. An ETF's risk-adjusted return includes a brokerage commission estimate. This estimate is intended to reflect what an average investor would pay when buying or selling an ETF. This estimate is subject to change, and the actual commission an investor pays may be higher or lower. Morningstar compares each ETF's risk-adjusted return to the open-end mutual fund rating breakpoints for that category. The top 10% of ETFs in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The overall rating for an ETF is based on a weighted average of the time-period ratings (e.g., the ETF's 3-year rating). The determination of an ETF's rating does not affect the retail open-end mutual fund data published by Morningstar. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
Duration to Worst (expressed in years) is the approximate amount by which a bond's price changes given a 1% change in its yield, calculated using the bond's nearest call date or maturity, whichever comes first.
SEC 30-Day Yield is a standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that allows investors to more fairly compare funds.
30-Day SEC Yield is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds. The figure is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price.
30-Day SEC Yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income (less expenses) by the current maximum offering price, and is designed to provide a standardized comparison of funds.
SEC 30-Day Yield (unsubsidized) is what the SEC 30-day yield would have been without the contractual fee waiver.
Current yield is equal to a bond's annual interest payment divided by its current market price. The current yield only refers to the yield of the bond at the current moment, not the total return over the life of the bond.
Dividend yield shows how much a company pays out in dividends each year relative to its share price. In the absence of any capital gains, the dividend yield is the return on investment for a stock.
Effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Effective duration for this fund is calculated including both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.
Distribution Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last income distribution.
12-Month Yield represents the annualized yield based on the last twelve months of income distributions.
Trailing price to earnings ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective earnings of its component stocks for the most recent 12-month period.
Price to book ratio measures market value of a fund or index relative to the collective book values of its component stocks.
Weighted average market cap is the average market value of a fund or index, weighted for the market capitalization (price times shares outstanding) of each component. In such a weighting scheme, larger market cap companies carry greater weight than smaller market cap companies.
Sometimes distributions are re-characterized for tax purposes after they've been declared. Here, a previous dividend has been re-characterized as a Return of Capital ("ROC"). An ROC is a distribution to investors that returns some or all of their capital investment, thus reducing the value of their investment. In an efficient market, the investment's price will fall by an amount approximately equal to the ROC. In general, investors are not taxed on an ROC unless it begins to exceed their original investment value.
This is the dollar amount of your initial investment in the fund.
This is the percentage change in the index or benchmark since your initial investment. Enter a positive or negative number.
This is the dollar value that your account should be after you rebalance.
This is the dollar amount you have invested in your fund.
Credit default swap (CDS) spread reflects the annualized amount (espressed in basis points) that a CDS protection buyer will pay to a protection seller. Higher CDS spreads indicate that the CDS market views the entity as having a higher risk of loss. The weighted average CDS spread in a portfolio is the sum of CDS spreads of each contract in the portfolio multiplied by their relative weights.
Spread duration is a measure of a fund's approximate mark-to-market price sensitivity to small changes in CDS spreads. Higher spread duration reflects greater sensitivity.
Shareholder Supplemental Tax Information
The S&P 500 is a measure of large-cap U.S. stock market performance. It is a float-adjusted, market capitalization-weighted index of 500 U.S. operating companies and real estate investment trusts selected through a process that factors in criteria such as liquidity, price, market capitalization and financial viability.
Infrastructure refers to companies that actually own and operate the transportation, communications, energy and water assets that provide essential services to our society.
Net effective duration is a measure of a fund's sensitivity to interest rate changes, reflecting the likely change in bond prices given a small change in yields. Higher duration generally means greater sensitivity. Net effective duration for this fund is calculated includes both the long bond positions and the short Treasury futures positions.