http://www.quadrantsolutions.com/contact-us/privacy-policy
Registerfor updates
RSSnews feed
About Us
Our Approach
Vision & Values
Corporate Responsibility
Awards & Accolades
Expertise
Installation
Consulting
Design
Service & Maintenance
Services
Stage Lighting
Stage Sound
Theatre Equipment
Studio Design
Audio Visual Installation
Architectural Lighting
Stage Systems
Sectors
Construction
Performing Arts
Education
Venues
Architectural
Other Sectors
Case Studies
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Project Map
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Notice.
Northern Light is committed to protecting your privacy, as described in the policy below:
Northern Light is part of the SLX Group Ltd. group of companies. The person responsible for all matters concerning the privacy and processing of any personal data, also known as the data controller, can be contacted as follows:
Adam Blaxill – Marketing Director
SLX Group Ltd.Encore HouseUnit 3Britannia RoadPatchwayBristolBS34 5TA
They can be contacted by emailing DataController@stage-electrics.co.uk or you can write to the above address.
Your Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have certain rights regarding your data.
You have the right to ask us for a copy of any data we hold about you.
You have a right to have any data that is incorrect, corrected.
You have the right to object to the use of your data.
You have the right to have your data provided to you to take elsewhere in a suitable format.
You have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
You have the right to lodge a complaint about the use of your data with the Information commissioner.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact our data controller.
Details for the information commissioner and making a complaint can be found on the Information Commissioner's website at www.ico.org.uk.
When you make a purchase or contact us on the website we collect your:
Name
Trading Name
Telephone Number
Address
Email Address
If you place any personal information in the message box, we collect that as well.
We will only use this data to fulfil your purchase.
We will enter these details into our secure order management system so that we can provide you with the best service possible and to protect your information. We will only use this data to answer your query or respond to your communication. We will enter these details into our secure Customer Relationship Management system.
We will keep your information until we no longer have any need to communicate with you, and in line with our Data Retention Policy which can be obtained on request.
Where you have made a purchase, we are processing this data because we have a contract with you to supply your purchase and we also have legal obligations to maintain financial information.
As a customer, we may send you important information about your purchase, we do this on the basis of our contract with you.
In the future we may also send you information that may be of interest to you. We will do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to promote our services. You may opt-out of this information using the link that is provided on any email that you may receive.
The data is not passed to any third party, other than where required to fulfil our contractual obligations e.g. carrier or where a warranty or product registration requires it.
Use of Sub Contactors
We may use subcontractors to provide some products or services to you. We also may need to share your personal data with these subcontractors so that they can provide services to us. Our subcontractors are not permitted to use such personal data for any other purposes and we impose confidentiality requirements on their services.
Minors
Northern Lights' policy is to request that "minors" (the age of minors is determined by local law where you reside) do not make purchases or engage in other legal acts on this site without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, unless permitted by applicable local law.
When you subscribe to our email communications:
We collect your name and your email address. We keep this information in line with our Data Retention Policy which can be obtained on request.
Dependant on your selected options email communications will be sent regarding:
Technology updates and information
Special offers & Clearance Deals
Events and Training Days
Newsletter & Company News
.
We need this data to be able to email the relevant communication to you and we are processing this data with your consent. The data will not passed to any third party.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by; Clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the communication or by emailing DataController@stage-electrics.co.uk.
Cookie Consent
We use cookies on our site, details of which can be reviewed in our Cookie Policy.
We ask for consent to use non-essential cookies when you first visit the site.
If you wish to change your mind about cookies, you can clear any cookies using your browser menu – this will vary from browser to browser, but this information should be in your browser's help section.
External Links
This site may contain links to other sites. Please note that Northern Light is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of any other sites. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of such sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Northern Light may from time to time change this policy or change, modify or withdraw access to this site at any time without notice. We recommend that you re-visit this policy from time to time to learn of any such changes to this policy.
Privacy Policy
Contact Details
Northern Light HQNautical House, 104 Commercial Street,EDINBURGH, EH6 6NF
T: 0131 622 9100E: info@northernlight.co.uk
Company No: 181667
AccreditationsAchilles Building ConfidenceOHSAS 18001 – Health and Safety Management SystemsISO 14001 - Environmental Management SystemsISO 9001 - Quality Management Systems
Staff Login | Client Login
Northern Light,
Experts in theatre and stage technologies
Nautical House, 104 Commercial Street, Edinburgh, EH6 6NF
Phone: 0131 622 9100
Copyright 2012 Northern Light
Scroll To Top