http://www.marel.com/about/policies/general-privacy-policy/
General data privacy policy | MarelGeneral privacy policyMarel is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal data. This Privacy Policy describes the personal data that Marel collects from or about you, and how Marel uses and to whom we disclose that data.This Privacy Policy applies to personal data Marel collects, for example regarding data of Marel’s customers and vendors and representatives and employees of customers and vendors, as well as data on Marel’s other business partners. These data subjects, as applicable, are also referred to as "you" in this Privacy Policy.The terms "Marel" and the "Company" refer to all entities within the Marel group, as applicable, and all references in this Privacy Policy to "we", "us", "our" and like terms should be interpreted accordingly.If you are unsure of how this Privacy Policy applies to you, please contact Marel’s Data Protection Manager for more information using the contact information set out below.1. Purpose and compliance with lawIt is Marel’s policy to comply with applicable data protection legislation. This Privacy Policy is based on the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”). In addition, each entity within the Marel group may be subject to additional requirements when it comes to processing of personal data, depending on national legislation.2. Personal data collected and processed by MarelThe personal data collected and processed by Marel regarding you is mainly contact data, for example name, address, e-mail, telephone number and job title.As a general rule, Marel collects personal data directly from you. In most circumstances where personal data on you is obtained from a third party we will notify you.3. Why do we collect and on what ground do we use your personal data?The purpose of the processing is first and foremost so that we can contact you, either to request your service or provide you our services. The data can also be used to issue our invoices to you, or to the entity you represent.The processing is thus in most instances necessary for Marel to fulfil its contractual requirements with you, or the entity you represent. Marel may also wish to use your personal data to invite you to exhibitions, promotions or other similar events.We may also contact you in order to market Marel's products and services. If you are a customer of Marel, we base the processing of your contact data for marketing purposes on our legitimate interest of maintaining a close relationship with our customers and sending you information about our products and services.  If you are not a customer of Marel, we may ask for your consent in order to send you marketing material.You can always withdraw your consent or opt out of receiving marketing material from us via the unsubscribe link provided in all marketing e-mails we send. Opt-outs and withdrawals of consent may also be communicated to our Data Protection Manager via e-mail.Finally, Marel may also carry out other processing activities based on applicable legislation.Marel undertakes to process your data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent matter. The data will only be collected for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes. The processing will in all events be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary.Providing personal data to us is in most instances voluntary. However, if you fail to provide sufficient data, Marel may be unable to fulfil its duties in accordance with your contract with us.4. When do we disclose your personal data?We may share your personal data with our employees, contractors, consultants and other third parties who require such data to assist us with fulfilling our duties to you or the company you represent. Access to your personal data may also be provided to third parties which provide Marel with information technology and data processing services as part of Marel’s operation of business. In addition, personal data may be disclosed or transferred to another party in the event of a change in ownership of Marel.Further, your personal data may be disclosed as permitted or required by applicable law or regulations or to comply with valid legal processes such as search warrants, subpoenas or court orders.Personal data is only transferred by us to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) if such transfer is permitted under applicable privacy legislation. Transfer of data between entities within the Marel group is based on binding corporate rules.5. How is your personal data protected?Marel endeavours to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal data in question. These safeguards are designed to protect your personal data from loss and unauthorized access, copying, use, modification or disclosure.6. Retention of your personal dataExcept as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulations, Marel endeavours to retain your personal data only for as long as we believe is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the personal data was collected. This means that Marel deletes your personal data when such data is no longer necessary.If you are a representative of Marel’s customer, vendor or other business partner and you leave your job for that party, Marel will delete all data on you, as far as possible with reference to Marel’s legitimate interests, once we receive confirmation that you no longer work for that party.7. Updating your personal data and the right to rectificationIt is important that personal data in our records is both accurate and current. If your personal data happens to change during the course of your relationship with Marel, please keep us informed of such changes.You are entitled to request rectification of inaccurate data on you. Taking into account the purpose of the processing, you also have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.Please direct any updates to the Data Protection Manager.8. Access to your personal dataYou are entitled to request access to the personal data we process on you and information on the processing. You may also be entitled to a copy of the personal data undergoing processing.Your right to access the personal data that we hold about you is however not absolute. In the event that we cannot provide you with access to your personal data, we will endeavour to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.9. Right to erasure and restriction of processingUnder certain circumstances you may have the right to request us to erase personal data concerning you with undue delay, such as where the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which they were collected or otherwise processed or if you withdraw your consent and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.You may also have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing, where certain requirements are fulfilled, such as if the processing is unlawful and you prefer the restriction of data processing instead of erasure of the data or if we do not longer need the personal data for the purpose of the processing but the data is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.Please direct any request for erasure and/or restriction of processing to the Data Protection Manager, who can also provide you with further information on your rights in this respect.10. Inquiries or concernsIf any data is processed on the grounds of your consent to the processing you may, at any time withdraw your consent. This might however mean that Marel will not be able to provide you with the applicable service or will not be able to maintain a business relationship with you or the company you represent.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or how we manage your personal data, please contact the Data Protection Manager by telephone, in writing or by e-mail. We will endeavour to respond to your questions and advise you on your rights based on this Privacy Policy.If you are not satisfied with our response, you are entitled to make a written submission to the data protection authority in your country or the Data Protection Authority in Iceland (www.personuvernd.is), as applicable.11. Data Privacy and Data Protection ManagerWe have appointed a Data Protection Manager to oversee compliance with this Privacy Policy. The contact information for our Data Protection Manager is as follows:Data Protection Managerdataprotection@marel.comAusturhrauni 9210 Garðabær+354 5638000The contact details for Marel are as follows:Marel hf.Austurhrauni 9210 Garðabær+354 563 800014. Revisions to this Privacy PolicyMarel may from time to time make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our legal or regulatory obligations or in the manner in which we deal with your personal data. We will communicate any revised version of this Privacy Policy. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective from the time they are communicated.
Share
Tweet
Share
+354 563 8000 Quick links Poultry
Meat
Fish
Service
Software About About
Corporate social responsibility
Vision and strategy
Locations
Our legacy
Investors Understanding Marel
Financials
Shareholder center
Corporate governance Software System implementation
Software updates
About Innova
Production control Social media
Disclaimers
General privacy policy 1999 - 2020 © MarelNewsletter
Sign me up
By entering your email address you agree to allow Marel to send you monthly newslettersPlease enter an email address and accept opt-in.Comments
Disclaimers
General privacy policy 1999 - 2020 © Marel