http://www.rasmi.com/about-us/privacy/
Skip to content
The personal data we collect will be used for the following purposes:
Company Name (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Address (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Company Contacts (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Phone Numbers and Fax Numbers (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Email Addresses (Supplied by you, for correspondence to orders and account queries)
VAT Number ((Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Bank Details (Supplied by you, for payment of invoices)
CCTV Footage when you visit our premises (For the purpose of Health and Safety)
The only Cookie that our website uses is placed by Google Analytics to help us track our visitor’s behaviour, anonymously. We do this so that we can react and give you a better experience online.
2.0 Our legal basis for processing for the personal data:
Rasmi Electronics Limited identifies the legal basis for processing personal data before any processing operations take place by clearly establishing, defining and documenting:
the specific purpose of processing the personal data and the legal basis to process the data under:
consent obtained from the data subject;
performance of a contract where the data subject is a party;
legal obligation that Rasmi Electronics Ltd is required to meet;
protect the vital interests of the data subject, including the protection of rights and freedoms;
official authority of Rasmi Electronics Ltd or to carry out the processing that is in the public interest;
necessary for the legitimate interests of the data controller or third party, unless the processing is overridden by the vital interests, including rights and freedoms; national law.
Any special categories of personal data processed and the legal basis to process the data under:
explicit consent obtained from the data subject;
necessary for employment rights or obligations;
protect the vital interests of the data subject, including the protection of rights and freedoms;
necessary for the legitimate activities with appropriate safeguards;
personal data made public by the data subject;
legal claims;
substantial public interest;
2.1   Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified.
Consent is required for Rasmi Electronics Ltd to process personal data, but it must be explicitly given. Where we are asking you for sensitive personal data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used.
You may withdraw consent at any time by e-mailing our sales team at sales@rasmi.com
2.2   Disclosure
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to Rasmi Electronics Ltd in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide on our behalf. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with Rasmi Electronics Ltd procedures. If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
We may have to disclose your information by law or because a court or the police or other law enforcement agency has asked us for it.
2.3   Retention period
Rasmi Electronics Ltd will keep your personal data only for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes outlined in this policy, or for the duration required by law, whichever is the longer.
2.4   Your rights as a data subject
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that Rasmi Electronics Ltd refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined in clause 3.6 below.
All of the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved in the processing of your personal data.
2.5   Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Rasmi Electronics Ltd (or third parties as described in 3.4 above), or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and Rasmi Electronics Ltd.
Supervisory authority contact details:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
United Kingdom
E-Mail : https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Tel : 00 44 303 1231113
Rasmi Electronics Ltd contact details:
Rasmi Electronics Ltd
Unit 14A Tanfield Lea Industrial Estate (North)
Stanley
Co. Durham
DH9 9UU
United Kingdom
E-Mail : sales@rasmi.com
Tel : 00 44 1207 288700
ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Personal Data
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what details we hold and how we, Rasmi Electronics Ltd, use your personal data:
Company Name (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Address (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Company Contacts (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Phone Numbers and Fax Numbers (Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Email Addresses (Supplied by you, for correspondence to orders and account queries)
VAT Number ((Supplied by you, for trading purposes)
Bank Details (Supplied by you, for payment of invoices)
CCTV Footage when you visit our premises (For the purpose of Health and Safety)
The only Cookie that our website uses is placed by Google Analytics to help us track our visitor’s behaviour, anonymously. We do this so that we can react and give you a better experience online.
Why does Rasmi Electronics Ltd need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to provide you with products and services we need to collect personal data for correspondence and/or detailed service provision. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
In terms of being contacted for marketing purposes Rasmi Electronics Ltd would contact you for additional consent.
Will Rasmi Electronics Ltd share my personal data with anyone else?
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to Rasmi Electronics Ltd in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide on our behalf. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with Rasmi Electronics Ltd procedures. If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
How will Rasmi Electronics Ltd use the personal data it collects about me?
Rasmi Electronics Ltd will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. Rasmi Electronics Ltd is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Under what circumstances will Rasmi Electronics Ltd contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
Rasmi Electronics Ltd at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If Rasmi Electronics Ltd does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Rasmi Electronics Ltd or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access my personal data?
Rasmi Electronics Ltd accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested: Passport, driving licence, birth certificate, bank statement, or utility bills.
Rasmi Electronics Ltd contact details:
Rasmi Electronics Ltd
Unit 14A Tanfield Lea Industrial Estate (North)
Stanley
Co. Durham
DH9 9UU
United Kingdom
E-Mail : sales@rasmi.com
Tel : 00 44 1207 288700