http://www.tucoemas.org/resources/privacy-policy
×
Attention: You are leaving the Tucoemas Federal Credit Union Website
You are leaving our website and linking to an alternative website not operated by us. Tucoemas Federal Credit Union Website does not endorse or guarantee the products, information, or recommendations provided by third-party vendors or third-party linked sites.
Continue
Cancel
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Sitemap
Online Banking Login
Online Banking Login
Log In
Login ID
Password
Login Submit
Enroll
*
Covid-19 Member Updates: learn more*
ResourcesPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Review the Federal Privacy Notice Review the California Privacy Notice
Our privacy policy outlines the specifics about how your information can be used legally. If you have any questions or concerns about this matter, please contact us.
Tucoemas Federal Credit Union Privacy Policy
Tucoemas Privacy Policy (PDF)
TUCOEMAS Federal Credit Union is owned by its members and run by a board of directors you elect. You can be confident that your financial privacy is a top priority of this credit union. We are committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs, which necessitates that we share information about you to complete your transactions and to provide you with certain financial opportunities. In order to do so, we have entered into agreements with other companies that provide either services to us or additional financial products for you to consider.
We may disclose information we collect, to companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. To protect our members' privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell to other third parties the information we provide to them.
We may also disclose information we collect about you under other circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct the operations of our credit union, follow your instructions as you authorize, or protect the security of our financial records.
Members may limit Tucoemas' sharing of certain personal information by completing the federal and state policy notices. You may complete the notice online, print out the forms above and fax to the number listed on the disclosure; or return by mail to the address indicated below. You may also make your choices with the Membership Department at any branch location.
If you terminate your membership with TUCOEMAS Federal Credit Union, we may continue to share information we have collected about you.
How We Protect Your Information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who have a specific business purpose in utilizing your data. Our employees are trained in the importance of maintaining confidentiality and member privacy. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and leading industry practices to safeguard your nonpublic personal information.
Online Privacy
TUCOEMAS Federal Credit Union wants you to be confident that your financial privacy is a top priority of this credit union. This page describes how we collect and use the information from our public website at www.tucoemas.org and our eTeller Home Banking or Bill Payment services.
TUCOEMAS does not gather user-specific information, details from your computer Internet software or save data about you other than what is needed to access eTeller Home Banking and/or Bill Payment services. You must have cookies enabled on your browser to use these services. Additional information about cookies is provided when you initiate access to these services.
We do not share data collected from you, during your visit to our website, with third parties unless it is specifically required to process your transaction, or requested by you. Examples of data sharing would be processing membership and loan applications and our policy of running credit reports based upon the information you provide. Credit reporting information is provided to TFCU by third parties we trust and with whom we have a business relationship.
When you visit www.tucoemas.org, you do so without revealing your personal identity. Our systems recognize the pages that you visit within our site. The credit union collects aggregate information on site traffic, such as dates and hours of use, to compile statistics to help us improve the site. The information is used solely for these analytical purposes.
We use return E-mail addresses to answer the E-mail we receive. E-mail addresses are not shared with other companies, unless requested by you.
Children's Privacy
TUCOEMAS Federal Credit Union may provide information to educate children on our website. Applications for credit union membership are printable and are not designed for online submission. The credit union does not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13 years of age without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents.
Other Websites Linked to the TUCOEMAS Website
We provide you with greater access to information; our site contains links to other sites. TUCOEMAS Federal Credit Union is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites.
Commitment to Privacy
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, you can contact our eService@tucoemas.org, call 559-732-8892 for a Membership Services Representative, or write to:
TUCOEMAS Federal Credit Union
Attn: Privacy Information Request
P.O. Box 5011
Visalia, CA 93278-5011
&amp;lt;a href="https://tucoemas.wufoo.com/forms/z19upgpy1x9u52l/" title="html form"&amp;gt;Fill out my Wufoo form!&amp;lt;/a&amp;gt;
Resources
Online BankingContact & LocationsFinancial EducationCalculatorsCO-OP NetworkForms & ApplicationsInsurance CoverageWebsite AccessibilityDisclosuresPrivacy PolicyCareers
Related Resources
Calculators
Rates
eStatements
Become a Member
You deserve attentive, personalized service from people who care about your financial well-being. You deserve Tucoemas Federal Credit Union.
Learn MoreContact Us