http://www.maxell.com/privacypolicy/index.html
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Our background of Personal Information Protection Policy
With the coming of the information age and the Internet, it has become easier than ever before to attain, duplicate and/or distribute information including that, which might be considered personal or proprietary.
Considering such background, Maxell Holdings has rules and a management system for the protection of your provided personal information in Maxell Holdings, as well as to put in place a personal information protection policy as described below.
This policy has been distributed amongst all members of the organization, from board members to employees. Maxell Holdings is striving to protect personal information in an appropriate manner based on this policy.
Enacted on October 1, 2017 Yoshiharu Katsuta President and Representative Director Maxell Holdings, Ltd.
Definition of Personal Information
Maxell Holdings shall define personal information as information about existing individuals, including the name, birth date and other descriptions about them, or a number, symbol, code, image or sound assigned to them that identifies the individuals.
It shall also include information that cannot identify individuals by itself, but can assist in the identification of individuals when used on combination with some other information.
Personal information shall not be limited to personal identifiers, but shall include any information that indicates a fact, recognition and assessment about the attribute of individuals, including physical characteristics, property, occupation or status.
Scope of Application
This "About Personal Information Protection" document establishes the handling of personal information by Maxell Holdings.
Personal Information Protection Policy
1. Collecting, Using, and Providing Personal Information
While carefully considering the entrusting of customer information during company activities, Maxell Holdings will handle such information appropriately by establishing a management system for personal information protection for each type of business, and also by following stipulated rules for collecting, using, or providing personal information.
2. Following Laws and Norms
For the handling of personal information, Maxell Holdings will follow the appropriate Japanese laws and regulations applicable to the protection of relevant personal information. Also, Maxell Holdings will create and follow personal information management rules that conform to these laws and norms.
3. Implementing Safety Measures
To ensure the correctness and safety of personal information, in accordance with the rules for information security, Maxell Holdings will implement various measures (such as managing access to personal information, restricting the means for transporting personal information outside the company, and preventing incorrect access from outside the company), and strive to prevent any problems with personal information (such as the loss, destruction, falsification, or leakage of information).
4. Respecting Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
When you make a request to reveal, correct, or delete your own personal information, or seek to prevent the use or provision of such information, Maxell Holdings will respond with sincerity, respecting your rights related to that personal information.
5. Establishing Rules for Managing Personal Information Protection, and Making Continual Improvements
Maxell Holdings will make sure that all members of the organization recognize the importance of personal information protection, and will steadily establish rules for managing personal information to ensure that such information is used appropriately and is protected. These rules will be maintained and improved continually.