http://www.stax.com/privacypolicy
Social Impact
Careers
Working at Stax
Our Culture
Stax Life
Openings
FAQs
Contact
Switch to ASIA
Data Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice
explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your
information is collected and utilized. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on
our website www.stax.com, on request, and at every point where personally identifiable
information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted to Stax Inc. through email requests
for information, website inquiries, responses to surveys (online, written, over the phone or in
person,) phone calls, meetings requests, and registrations to receive materials. The types of
personal information collected through these methods are:
Name
Firm Name
Address
Email address
Phone number(s)
We collect personal data only:
when you contact us...
to obtain information about our services.
when we contact you...
to ask if you will participate in a survey or panel discussion.
to provide information in response to a request.
when we contact others...
to collect information about potential participants for surveys or panel discussions.
The Way We Use Information
We may utilize your data, where the law permits, to:
Allow you to access and use the Site and to provide certain information, products, or
services
Operate, manage, and communicate with you through our Site.
Notify you of changes to our Site or services.
Monitor, improve, and develop our services to you.
Facilitate communications or transactions with you.
Share it with other parties as necessary for us to provide you with our services (e.g.,
cloud service providers, etc.).
We do not share your information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete
that request, or we may disclose your personal data to a third party if we believe in good faith
that such disclosure is necessary or desirable (i) to comply with lawful requests, subpoenas,
search warrants or orders by public authorities, including to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements, (ii) to address a violation of the law, (iii) to protect the rights,
property or safety of Stax Inc., its users or the public, or (iv) to allow Stax Inc to exercise
its legal rights or respond to a legal claim.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we
may gather the fact that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that
Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not
disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in
ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-in
or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Data provided to us from loss,
misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet,
email, or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free, so you should take
special care in deciding what information you send to us.
Your Personal Data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited
number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the
information confidential.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never
collect or maintain information at our website from those we know are under 13, and no part of
our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If you have reason to believe that a child
under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Stax Inc., please contact us as provided below
and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain
by submitting a request via our website, phone call, or email. We use this procedure to better
safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a
request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity
before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at:
699 Boylston Street
One Exeter Plaza, 3rd Floor
Boston, MA 02116
TEL: 617-747-3400
FAX: 617-747-3412
or send us an email at: DataRequest@stax.com
or submit a Personal Data Request through the
Contact Us page on our website www.stax.com
Read more
Expertise
Industries
In the news
Follow stax
We'd
like to hear from you
Contact Stax