http://www.donutking.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Retail Food Group (Australia) (“we”, “our”, “us”) recognises the importance of privacy issues. This Privacy Policy briefly tells you how we collect, hold, disclose, use and protect the personal information that you provide to us.
By accessing, browsing or using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to your personal information being collected, held, used and disclosed as set out in this policy.
Collection of Personal Information by Us
To access the features of the Retail Food Group (Australia) website you may be required to submit information to us. This information will be transmitted to us via email which may be intercepted by a 3rd party. In addition, some contact details are stored in an online database.
The submission of information to us is optional, however if you do not provide it we may not be able to address your query or provide the service you are after. If you do provide your personal information however you are deemed to have consented to the use and disclosure of that information as set out in this policy.
The kinds of personal information we collect and hold includes information like your name, contact details, date of birth, telephone number, age and gender and email address. Where you become a franchisee we also collect some information from you to enable an assessment of your suitability as a franchisee. This information may include your financial position, health information or other sensitive and personal details (such as your religious affiliation or ethnic origins (Sensitive Information). We will not disclosure this Sensitive Information to any other third party.
How we collect your Personal Information
We collect your information in various ways, including when you:
visit any of our websites;
visit any of our franchised operations;
place any order via any online or other ordering platform;
participate or enter into any surveys, promotions and competitions;
participate in or follow our social media pages or profiles;
participate in any focus groups or other market research activities;
request information regarding any of our franchise systems;
liaise with our representatives or otherwise participate in any franchise recruitment process;
register for use on any platform operated by or on behalf of us.
Where able, we will collect your personal information from you directly. There may however be occasions when your information is collected through someone else (for example our franchisees). Where this occurs, we will take reasonable steps to inform you of this and will otherwise collect, hold, use and disclosure that information in accordance with this policy.
How your Personal Information will be used
We will use your information for the primary purpose on which it was provided to us, any other related purpose and as permitted or required by law.
If you provide us with information, we may e-mail, SMS, phone or contact you via social media or other mediums to communicate with you or update you about our products and services. You will need to request this information either by ticking an opt-in box requesting the information, or implying you want the information by the type of request you make and method in which you supply the information. If you do not wish to remain a subscriber to this notification service or otherwise receive updates on our products and services, you are able to remove your details from our announcements database by contacting us or choosing the opt out option available to you.
We will assume you consent to management of your personal information in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy (which may change from time to time) until you tell us to the contrary by following the instructions contained in our website or contacting us using our contact details below.
Exchange of Information with Third Parties
Personal information we collect from you may be disclosed:
To any governmental or semi-governmental office or organisation;
to others that you have been informed of at the time any personal information is collected from you;
to our business associates and related entities;
to third party organisations for purposes directly related to the purpose for which the personal information is collected;
to product and or service suppliers and or distributors;
to our professional advisors, third parties and contractors (for example IT consultants and mailing houses);
to our agents, affiliates or service providers who act for or on our behalf in connection with any of the franchise systems;
with your consent, to others; or;
where required or authorised by law or regulation to do so
We may also obtain personal and other information from some or all of the above to enable us to provide our services or products to you. When we obtain personal and other information from third parties whom we are referred to by you, you consent to the collection and disclosure of such information and you will ensure that you have made that third party aware of the referral of the persons and purposes involved in the collection, use and disclosure of the relevant personal or other information.
Your information is not likely to be disclosed to overseas recipients.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information by Us for a Secondary Purpose
• If we use or disclose your personal information for a purpose (the “secondary purpose”) other the main reason for which it was originally collected (the “primary purpose”), to the extent required by law, we will ensure that:
the secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose of collection (and directly related in the case of sensitive information), and you would reasonably expect that we would use or disclose your information in that way; or
you have consented to the use or disclosure of your personal information for the secondary purpose; or
the use or disclosure is required or authorised by or under law; or
the use or disclosure is otherwise permitted by law (for example, as a necessary part of an investigation of suspected unlawful activity)
Site Visit Information
When you visit our website, we and/or our contractors collect general information about your visit which may include your server address, the date and time of your visit, the pages you accessed, the information you downloaded and the type of Internet browser you used.
We and/or our contractors may use this information in anonymous, aggregated form, for statistical purposes only, to assist us in improving the quality and usability of our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small string of information that a website transfers to your browser for identification purposes. The cookies we and/or our contractors use may identify individual users.
Cookies can either be “persistent” or “session” based. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer, contain an expiration date, and are mainly for the user’s convenience. Session cookies are short-lived and are held on your browser’s memory only for the duration of your session, they are used only during a browsing session, and expire when you quit your browser.
Most Internet browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser to reject cookies or to notify you when they are being used. However, rejecting cookies will limit the functionality of our website and may cause some features to cause errors. Our cookies do not contain viruses or ''''hack'''' into other parts of your computer to obtain hidden personal information.
Access and Correction of Your Personal Information
You can ask to obtain access to your personal information that we and/or our contractors hold, although under some circumstances permitted by law, we may not provide such information to you. Also, we may not be able to require our contractors to provide personal information to you.
We may ask you to put your request in writing and pay a reasonable fee levied by us for this. It is important to us that the personal information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up to date. If you are aware that this is not case and would like your personal information corrected, or simply desire access to your personal information, please contact us. If we decide not to correct or provide you with access to your personal information, we will give you our reasons for our decision.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the way we have dealt with your personal information, please contact us. We will make all reasonable attempts to respond to your complaints or requests.
If you are unsatisfied with the outcome, you may refer the matter to the Office of the Federal Privacy Commissioner at:
Website: www.privacy.gov.au
Phone: 1300 363 992
Disclosure of Personal Information
If you are visiting Retail Food Group (Australia) from a location outside of the Australia, your connection will be through and to servers located in Australia. All information you provide will be processed and maintained on our Web server and internal systems located within Australia. Selected portions of this information may be transferred to distributors.
You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our Web site, the site or the public.
Retail Food Group (Australia) does not sell, rent or trade your e-mail address to third parties. We may, however, use third parties to help us provide services to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, and administering e-mails, drawings or contests. If personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is provided to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in strictest confidence.
Links
For your convenience, our Web site may contain links to other sites. Retail Food Group (Australia) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Questions/Changes in Policy
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about Retail Food Group (Australia).
ABOUT
About Donut King
Own a Franchise
RFG
DK Rewards
STORE LOCATOR
LEARN MORE
FOLLOW US
SUPPORT
FAQ
Privacy Policy
DK Rewards Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
© Donut King
All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
I consent to Donut King collecting my details through this form.
Send