http://www.precisionbrand.com/disclaimer-terms-conditions-use/
Lubricants
Maintenance Kits
Constructions Shims
Plastic Wedge Construction & Installation Shims
Punch & Die Sets
Shim Stock
Lengthening & Shortening Shims
Dykem®
Keystock
Hot Melt
Hose Clamps
Ground Flat Stock
Drill Rod
Feeler Gage
Blackeners
Die Button Shims
Arbor Spacers & Shims
Slotted Shim
Threaded Rod
Tool Wrap
Unicoil™
Wire
Disclaimer and Terms and Conditions of UsePlease review the Precision Brand Products, Inc. Web Site (www.precisionbrand.com, referred to as the “Site”) Disclaimer and Terms and Conditions of Use. All access to and use of this Site is governed by these terms and conditions. Entering into this Site indicates that you have reviewed the Site Terms and Conditions of Use and have agreed to be bound by them.
Limitation of Liability
Any liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages arising out of or in connection with our Site, or this agreement is expressly disclaimed. Precision Brand Products, Inc. makes no representations of any kind, either expressed or implied, as to the operations of this site of the information, content, material or products included on this site.
Accuracy of Information
All information provided on this Site is subject to change without notice. While Precision Brand Products, Inc. tries to ensure its validity, the information provided is provided “as is” with or without faults. While efforts have been made to make this Site helpful and accurate, due to the open nature of the Site and the potential for data entry errors, and errors in the storage and transmission of digital information, Precision Brand Products, Inc. does not warrant the accuracy of information obtained from this Site.
Sales
Precision Brand Products, Inc. sells its catalog products only to qualified industrial distributors for resale. For the name of a distributor near you, e-mail us at (add link to sales). Bulk and special order items can be handled through qualified industrial distributors or direct from the factory. For inquires on bulk material or special order items contact us at (e-mail link to sales).
Precision Brand Products, Inc. reserves the right to approve any and all requests for literature and product orders. The information contained in this Site does not constitute and offer of sale for any goods and services.
Access
Access to this Site is limited to viewing the linked web pages for legitimate business purposes only. Any access or attempt to access other areas of the Precision Brand Products, Inc.’s computer system or other information contained on the system for any purposes is strictly prohibited
Use
This Site or any portion of this Site may not be reproduced, duplicated, imitated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by Precision Brand Products, Inc. in writing. Precision Brand Products, Inc. reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Precision Brand Products, Inc. believes that customer violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Precision Brand Products, Inc.
Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise noted, product names, designs, logos, titles, text, images, audio and video within this Site are the trademarks, trade names, copyrights or other property of Precision Brand Products, Inc. or Precision Steel Warehouse. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Precision Brand Products, Inc.’s and/or Precision Steel Warehouse Inc.’s Intellectual Property display on this Site without the written permission of Precision Brand Products, Inc. or Precision Steel Warehouse, Inc. This site and the following marks are protected by copyright and trademark laws under U.S. and international trademarks.
The following trademarks are owned by Precision Steel Warehouse, Inc.
PRECISION PAK®
ABC BLACKENER™ABC SEALANT™Branded Shim®Dri-Shield™DuPage®“Metric 10” Tru-Punch®MICRO SEAL®POC-KIT®Pre-Clean™PREVENT®SOF’ SHOE®“THE BIG” POC-KIT®“THE BIG” TRU PUNCH™TOOL BLACK®TRU PUNCH®Wedgies™
The following trademarks are owned by ITW
DyKem®
Steel Blue®
Steel Red™
Scrubs®
Hi Spot™
Brite-Mark®
Scrubs in a bucket®
Owned by Superior Graphite
SLIP Plate®
SLIP Plate® MowerGUARD™
SLIP Plate® Black ICE™
Superflake™
Tube-O-Lube®
Owned by Unicoil International pty, Ltd.
Unicoil™
Owned by Ideal Clamp Products, Inc.
Waveseal 360™
Privacy
Precision Brand Products, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. Precision Brand Products, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. precisionbrand.com does collect information about the user during the download or registration process. Users can determine what information they wish to submit on a voluntary basis to the Site. Precision Brand Products, Inc. may disclose various User information to third party advertisers, retailers or service providers offering for sale products that Precision Brand Products, Inc. believes may be of interest to Users of the Site. Nevertheless, Precision Brand Products, Inc. is not and cannot be responsible for the activities of privacy policies of these third parties.
It is important to note that this Site may contain links and references to other web sites and organizations. Precision Brand Products, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such web sites.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer’s hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. The use of cookies is now an industry standard and Users will find them on most major web sites. Precision Brand Products, Inc. sometimes uses cookies to store and track user information. Cookies enable Precision Brand Products, Inc. to personalize the viewing experience of a User on the precisionbrand.com site. When the User revisits the Site, the Site can recognize the User by the cookie and customize the User’s experience accordingly.
Precision Brand Products, Inc. welcomes questions or comments Users may have regarding these terms and conditions. Please send any questions or comments to precisionbrand.com to precisionbrand@pbrand.com.
General Information – Terms of Sale
Warranty
Precision Brand Products, Inc. guarantees to replace any material that is defective within 10 days, provided that is has been properly worked or used. Such material will be replaced or credit will be allowed for the price thereof upon its return, but no material may be returned except upon our authorization. If any material proves defective or not in conformity with your specifications, your sole remedy will be to secure replacement of such material. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any claims for labor or consequential damage.
Returned Goods
Before goods are returned, authorization must be obtained by contacting the main factory at (630) 969-7200 or e-mail them at precisionbrand@pbrand.com, or a specified warehouse location that is your supplier. You must have a returned goods authorization number (RGA#) accompanying the returned goods.
Contingent Liability
We guarantee to replace any material that is defective within 10 days, provided that it has been properly worked or used. Such material will be replaced or credit will be allowed for the price thereof upon its return, but no material may be returned except upon our authorization. If any material proves defective or not in conformity with your specifications, your sole remedy will be to secure replacement of such material. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any claims for labor or consequential damage.
Hours of operation:
The customer service/inside sales department of the factory operates Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central Standard Time.
Home
Distributor Locator
Our Products
About Us
Videos
Custom Shims
FAQ
ABC Blackener®
Feeler Gage Questions
General Questions
Hot Melt Coating
Punch & Die/TruPunch® Set Questions
Sof’ Shoe® Shim Questions
Stainless Steel Slotted Shim Questions
Tool Black®
Tool Black® Gel
Tool Wrap®
Downloads
Product Catalogs
Price Books
SDS Sheets
CERT’s Sheets
Contact Us
Careers