http://www.bwbconsulting.com/privacy-policy
An Award Winning Engineeringand Environmental Consultancy
Toggle navigation
more >
About BWB
BWB Team
Interactive Tools &Cool Stuff
Downloads
Contact Us
Interested in workingwith us?
View CurrentVacancies
Toggle navigation
Home
Latest News
Careers
Experiences & Specialisms
Services
Sectors & Projects
A-Z Services
Development
Commercial
Distribution
Energy and Carbon
Industrial & Manufacturing
Leisure & Hospitality
Residential
Retail
Urban Regeneration
Social Infrastructure
Culture and Heritage
Education
Health
Public Sector
Rail
Road
Water Environment
Finance and Investment
Investment Due Diligence
Interested inworkingwith us?
Contact UsToday
Digital Engineering
Contact Us
About BWB
BWB Team
Interactive Tools &Cool Stuff
Downloads
Contact Us
Interested in workingwith us?
Contact UsToday
Contact Us:
0115 924 1100nottingham@bwbconsulting.com
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We don’t share your information with any third parties.
If you make an enquiry through our website (by filling in a form or emailing us directly), we will store your enquiry in our Marketing Office 365 account to allow us to respond to your enquiry as effectively as possible. If you consent to us contacting you via email, post or telephone/SMS, we will hold your contact information in our email marketing platform (if email contact consent was given).
We store your information to ensure you’re kept updated with relevant news and complimentary services and promotions.
If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, and don’t want us to contact you in the future, that’s no problem. Simply call, email or write to us, and we will ensure you are removed from our contact databases. If you wish to see a copy of the information we hold on you/your organisation, please contact our DPO (Data Protection Officer).
If you wish to see a copy of the information we hold on you/your organisation, please contact dataprotection@bwbconsulting.com.
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to store information on your computer. These cookies are used to track visits to our site, and help us improve our website by giving us insights into how the site is used by our visitors.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by the websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The use of cookies is now standard for most websites. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can manage and control them through your browser, including removing cookies by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ (cache) when you leave the site.
Types of cookie:
‘Session’ cookies remain in your browser during your browser session only, i.e. until you leave the website.
‘Persistent’ cookies remain in your browser after the session (unless deleted by you).
‘Performance’ cookies collect information about your use of the website, such as webpages visited and any error messages; they do not collect personally identifiable information, and the information collected is aggregated such that it is anonymous.
Performance cookies are used to improve how a website works.
‘Functionality’ cookies allow the website to remember any choices you make about the website (such as changes to text size, customised pages) or enable services such as commenting on a blog.
Use of cookies by BWB Consulting The following explains the way in which we use cookies on this website.
Cookie
Google Analytics
Name
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
Purpose
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our website. The cookies collect information anonymously, including the number of visitors to the site, how visitors have come to the site and the pages they visited.
TypeSession & persistent.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these cookies on your computer/device for the above purposes.