http://www.dbbecker.com/privacy-policy
877-Maroon1
Sign in
Products
Suppliers
About Us
Press
Contact Us
Products
Suppliers
About Us
Press
Contact Us
Sign in
How will we use the information about you?
PRIVACY NOTICE
Maroon Group LLC is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
Collection and Use of Information
The Maroon Group website does not collect personally identifiable information when a user browses the website. If a user would like to Request a Product Sample, Download a TDS/SDS from a supplier, or subscribe to Maroon Group’s monthly e-mail newsletter, they are required to register for the website.
Unless a user registers for the website and voluntarily and knowingly provides us with personally identifiable information for an order or otherwise, we will not know the user’s name, e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information.
For user’s that register for the website, Maroon Group takes privacy seriously and will only use a user’s personal information to administer their account and to provide the information requested from us, such as a Product Sample request. The personal data that Maroon Group requires for these requests is First and Last name, and Email address. A mailing address is required if requesting a Product Sample. Other personal information filled in by a user is optional. This information is stored in a secure database.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. If a user registers for the Maroon Group website, the browser will store a cookie that remembers that user’s login and password information for the user’s next visit to the Maroon Group website. We do not use cookies to collect or store any other information about visitors or customers. Maroon Group does run analytical software on the Maroon Group websites. The data collected from the analytical coding is general and analyzes traffic patterns, number of users, and which pages are visited. It does not store a user’s IP address.
Disclosure of Information
Maroon Group respects our website users' privacy and does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Maroon Group may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to:
1. comply with law;
2. enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements; or
3. protect the rights, property or safety of Maroon Group, our users, or others
Links
Maroon Group’s website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Access to and Control of Information
A user may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time by contacting us via telephone or through the “Contact Us” section of our website. Contact us to view the following:
1. See what data we have about you.
2. Change/correct any data we have about you.
3. Ask us to remove or delete data we have about you.
4. Express any concern you have about the use of your data.
Questions and Feedback
For any questions or feedback related to our Privacy Policy, please email us at marketing@maroongroupllc.com.
Maroon Group’s portfolio of companies.
LEARN MORE
Maroon Group
CASE & Plastics
1390 Jaycox Road
Avon, Ohio 44011
1.877.MAROON 1
Maroon Group HOME
Online Order PORTAL
CASE & Plastics Home
Products
Suppliers
About Us
Leadership Team
Sales Team
Certifications
Newsletter
Press
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020 CASE & Plastics. All Rights Reserved.