http://www.albanypumps.com/privacy-policy/
Conditions of Use of Website
Visitors to our website should read carefully the following Terms and Conditions. They apply to the Website www.albany-pumps.co.uk which is owned and operated by The Albany Engineering Company.  By accessing the Website, you are agreeing to abide and be bound by such Terms and Conditions.
Definitions In these Terms and Conditions the following terms shall have the meanings set out below: “Page” means any page on a Website; “Albany Pumps” means The Albany Engineering Company. “Websites” means the website with home page www.albany-pumps.co.uk and any other site or web address owned or operated by The Albany Engineering Company as may link to these Terms and Conditions from time to time.
Acceptable Use Policy You agree to abide by all applicable laws, regulations and codes of conduct. All material on the Website and any material sent to you by e-mail or any other form from the Websites (the “content”) or in any way relating to the Website belong to us. You may retrieve and display content from the Websites on a computer screen, print a single copy of individual pages on paper and store such pages for caching purposes only, all for your personal and non-commercial use alone. We own the copyright and all other intellectual property rights associated with the content. You may not do any of the following without prior written permission from us: Reproduce, other than allowed under this Acceptable Use Policy, or modify any of the content. redistribute any of the content (including using it as part of any library, archive or similar service); remove the copyright or trade mark notice(s) from any copies of content.  Contact us to discuss if you have any wish to use material for purposes outside these restrictions.
Trademark: You may not use our trademark (Albany) without our prior written permission and then only in accordance with the rights you have been granted. Other product and company names and logos mentioned or displayed in the Websites may be the trademarks, service marks or trading names of third parties.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions We reserve the right to make changes to any part of the Websites. Due to our policy of updating and improving the Websites, it may therefore be necessary to change these Terms and Conditions. If you use any of the Websites after we have published such changes, you will be agreeing to be bound by those changes.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with, these Terms and Conditions.
E&OE:
All specifications and details are for guidance only.
Albany Pumps maintains a policy of progressive design and reserves the right to amend and alter details without prior notice. All information is believed to be correct at the time of publication, errors and omissions excepted. Check details before purchase and use. Reproduction prohibited.
HEAD OFFICE
Albany Engineering Company Ltd
Church Road, Lydney,
Gloucestershire, GL15 5EQ
+44 (0)1594 842 275
sales@albany-pumps.co.uk
Albany Standard Pumps
Albany Engineering Company Ltd
Richter Works, Garnett Street
Bradford , BD3 9HB
+44 (0)1594 842 275
service@albany-pumps.co.uk
quick links
Market Sectors
Pumps
Services
Resources
About Albany
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you