http://www.turnkeyhedgefunds.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Turn Key Hedge Funds, Inc., like all providers of personal financial services, are now required by law to inform their clients of their policies regarding privacy of client information.
Types of Nonpublic Personal Information We Collect
Turn Key Hedge Funds, Inc. collects nonpublic personal information about you and/or your company that is provided by you or obtained by us with your authorization to prepare documents, financial statements, or other books and records that you request us to generate. This information is collected from you in written form, by phone, on line, by mail and in personal interviews and consultations conducted by us, as well as by information we collect from others with your authorization.
Parties to Whom Turn Key Hedge Funds, Inc. Discloses Information
For current and former clients, Turn Key Hedge Funds, Inc. does not disclose any nonpublic personal information obtained in the course of its practice except as required or permitted by law. Required disclosures include, for instance, complying with subpoenas, and requests from governmental agencies and regulatory authorities. Permitted disclosures include, for instance, providing information to our employees, and in limited situations, to unrelated third parties who need to know that information to assist us in providing services to you. In all such situations, Turn Key Hedge Funds, Inc. stresses the confidential nature of information being shared.
Protecting the Confidentiality and Security of Current and Former Clients’ Information
Turn Key Hedge Funds, Inc. retains records relating to services that are provided so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with regulatory guidelines. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, Turn Key Hedge Funds, Inc. maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards.
Top