http://www.vermontgage.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyVermont Precision Tools, Inc. and its subsidiaries has adopted the following privacy policy as part of our commitment to protect any personal information which you may provide to us through this website or by any other means. Any change to this privacy policy will be posted on this website and will become effective 5 days after posting. Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to other websites linked through this website. Personal information which you choose to provide to other websites will be subject to the privacy policies of those websites.Vermont Precision Tools, Inc. does not collect any personal information from visitors to www.vermontgage.com without their specific consent.
Information submitted by visitors to www.vermontgage.com via e-mail, information request or quote request is used solely by Vermont Precision Tools, Inc., it’s employees or representatives to provide information and / or service to the visitor submitting such information.
No information submitted by visitors to www.vermontgage.com is sold, lent or shared with any third party for any purpose.
Any saved record of information submitted to Vermont Precision Tools, Inc. via www.vermontgage.com is used solely for the purpose of providing information and / or service to the visitor submitting such information.
www.vermontgage.com may gather anonymous information (traffic and usage statistics) which may be used by us to evaluate and improve this website and it's services. This information does not identify the visitor to www. vermontgage.com directly.
At times, www.vermontgage.com may involve the use of cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk and they can make the World Wide Web more useful and user friendly. Cookies do not personally identify users. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your internet browser to refuse cookies. You may still visit www.vermontgage.com and take advantage of all other benefits of this website.
www.vermontgage.com contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Read the privacy statements of each website that collects identifiable information.
By using this website, you consent to the terms of this policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.If you have questions, contact us.
Request a Quote