http://www.travelport.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Careers
Support
Customer sign in
MyTravelport
Hotelzon
Locomote
Developers
Search
Search Keywords
Begin main content
Home
Terms and conditions
The legal terms and conditions that govern the use of this website
Terms and conditions
Travelport, LP ("Travelport") provides this website subject to the following terms and conditions of use (these "Terms"). These Terms explain a contractual agreement between you and Travelport regarding your use of this website. You should retain a copy of these Terms for your records. Please note, however, that we may update and amend these Terms from time to time.
1. What you should know
The goal of this website is to provide you with access to information about our services, products, and related subject matter (the "Content"). The Terms apply to all visitors to this website, and your access to and use of this website signifies your agreement with these Terms. DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or update these Terms at any time. Such modifications and updates shall be effective immediately upon posting. You agree to be bound by such modified and updated Terms if you access or use this website after we have posted notice of such modifications or updates.
This website may permit you to link to many other websites that may or may not be affiliated with this website and/or with us. The other linked websites may have different terms of use that are not the same as these Terms, or may not have terms of use. We encourage you to read the terms of use (if any) for all such websites as they may be materially different from these terms. Your access to and use of such linked websites through links provided on this website is governed by the terms of use and policies of those sites, not this website.
2. Privacy
Our collection and use of information about the users and visitors to this website is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, please review our Privacy Policy.
3. Use of this website
We control and operate this website. All Content on this website, including text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips, is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and/or other intellectual property rights. The Content is owned and controlled by us or our affiliates, or by third-party content providers, merchants, sponsors, and licensors (collectively the "Providers") that have licensed their content or the right to market their products and/or services to us. Trademarks, copyrights or other third-party intellectual property referred to on this website are the property of their respective owners, and use on this website thereof does not constitute or imply endorsement. Content on this website is solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree to abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content. You may download a single copy of any Content contained on this website, solely for your personal, non-commercial use, consistent with these Terms, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content.
You may not copy, modify, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, and/or exploit the Content in any way (including by e-mail or other electronic means) for commercial use without the prior written consent of us or the Providers. Your modification of the Content, use of the Content on any other website or networked computer environment, or use of the Content for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use, without the prior written consent of us or the Providers, as applicable, violates the intellectual property rights and proprietary rights of the Content owners and is prohibited.
You may not use, on your website or otherwise, any registered or unregistered trademarks, service marks or copyrighted materials appearing on this website, including any logos or characters, without the express written consent of the owner of the mark or copyright. You may not frame, deep link, or otherwise incorporate into another website any of the Content or other materials on this website without our express prior written consent.
Violation of trademark, copyright and other intellectual property laws may result in significant civil liability or criminal penalties under applicable law. You recognize that any reproduction or use of Content, except as authorized by these Terms, is considered intentional infringement.
4. User's responsibilities
You warrant and represent to us that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms, including the posting or transmitting of any threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material. If you violate any of these Terms, your permission to use this website immediately terminates without the necessity of any notice. We retain the right to deny access to anyone at our discretion for any reason, including for violation of these Terms.
You are solely responsible for your Information, and in some cases we act as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your Information. As used in these Terms, "Information" means any information or data that you submit to this website and any information or data that is generated by this website as a result of your use of this website.
In the event that you are provided with user identification numbers or codes (collectively, "IDs"), confirmation numbers, and/or passwords (as applicable) in the use of this website, you shall maintain such user IDs, confirmation numbers, and/or passwords in confidence and you agree not to distribute or disclose the same to third parties. It is your responsibility to notify us if we need to change or discontinue any of your IDs, confirmation numbers, or passwords. It is also your responsibility to immediately request discontinuation of an ID, confirmation number, or password upon your knowledge or belief that such ID, confirmation number, and/or password is, or may be subject to, a breach of confidentiality. We may suspend or terminate your service or access to this website if we believe a breach of these Terms has occurred.
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete Information. If you provide any Information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any Information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), we have the right to suspend or terminate your access and activity, and refuse any and all current or future use of this website.
5. Prohibited activities
You are specifically prohibited from any use of this website, and you agree not to use or permit others to use this website, for any of the following: (a) taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the website's infrastructure, including "spam" or other such unsolicited mass e-mailing techniques; (b) disclosing to, or sharing with, the assigned confirmation numbers and/or passwords with any unauthorized third parties or using the assigned confirmation numbers and/or passwords for any unauthorized purpose; (c) attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software or HTML code comprising or in any way making up a part of this website; (d) uploading, posting, emailing, or otherwise transmitting any Information, Content, or proprietary rights that you do not have a right to transmit; (e) violating any applicable law; and, (f) using any robot, spider, intelligent agent, other automatic device, or manual process to search, monitor or copy our Web pages, or the Content without our prior written permission, provided that generally available third party Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer may be used without such permission.
6. Information posted to website
With respect to all Information you elect to post to publicly accessible areas of the website, you agree that we have the right to use, reproduce, modify, publish, perform, display, and transmit such Information (in whole or part) worldwide; provided that such use is subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve or disclose Information, if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with law or legal process; (ii) enforce the Terms; (iii) respond to claims that any Information violates the rights of third parties; or (iv) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our business, employees, Providers, affiliates, users, and/or the public. You further acknowledge and agree that we may share Information with our affiliates and/or third parties, including affiliates and/or third parties in other countries.
7. Links to other websites
This website may contain links to third-party or other Travelport-affiliated websites (the "Linked sites"). The links will let you leave this website, and you access the Linked sites at your own risk. You acknowledge that we provide the Linked sites for your convenience and information only. We do not endorse nor are we responsible for any content, information, or other related materials found at any such Linked sites or any links contained within such Linked sites, whether or not we are affiliated with the owners of such Linked sites. Moreover, we do not control any use of content, information or other related material that you provide to, or is collected and/or tracked by, such Linked sites. Such use by Linked sites is governed by the terms of use statements and/or privacy policies of such Linked sites, not this website, and as a result may differ from ours. You may not establish a hyperlink to this website or provide any links that state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your website by us or the Providers.
8. Dealings with advertisers
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through this website, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that we (and the Providers) shall neither be responsible nor liable for any loss or damage incurred by you as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on this website.
9. No warranties
All content and services on this website are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. Other than those warranties which, under the u.s. laws applicable to these terms, are implied by law and are incapable of exclusion, restriction, or modification, we disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied, including implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Neither we, our affiliated or related entities, nor the providers, nor any person involved in the creation, production, and distribution of this website, warrant that the functions contained in this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the server that makes the content available will be free of viruses or other harmful components. The content that you access on this website is provided solely for your convenience and information only. We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the results that may be obtained from the use of this website, or as to the reliability, accuracy, usefulness, or currency of any content, service, and/or merchandise acquired pursuant to your use of this website.
Except for such content that we may elect to create and publish, we are a distributor and not a publisher. We have no more editorial control over such information and content than does a public library or newsstand. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information expressed or made available by third parties (including in the linked sites) are those of the respective authors or distributors of such content.
You use this website at your own risk. You (and not us) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing and repair or correction of your system.
10. Limitation of liability
In no event shall we nor our affiliated or related entities (including providers), nor any of our respective officers, directors, employees or agents, nor any person or entity involved in the creation, production and distribution of this website or any content and services related thereto, be liable for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or exemplary damages whether arising under contract, warranty, or tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability, regardless of whether we knew or should have known of the possibility of such damages, including from the use or attempted use of this website or any other linked site.
Our liability, and the liability of our providers, to you or any third parties in any circumstance is limited to the greater of (a) the amount of fees you pay to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to liability, or (b) $500. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
By way of example only, we and related persons and entities shall not be responsible or liable for any claim or damage arising from: failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alteration of personal records, or the reliance upon or use of content, services, information, opinions, or other materials appearing on this website. Moreover, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we are not liable or responsible for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users or third parties.
The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these terms inure to the benefit of us and the providers, and to all respective officers, directors, employees, representatives, attorneys, and agents.
11. Governing law and jurisdiction
We operate this website (excluding Linked Sites) from our offices within the State of Georgia, USA. You agree that these Terms and your use of the website shall be governed in all respect by the internal substantive laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to conflict-of-laws provisions and shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. You further submit to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in the State of Georgia for all disputes, cases and controversies regarding this website, your use of this website, and your relationship with us. We make no representation that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where the Content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws, including laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
12. Indemnification
We reserve the right to report any wrongdoing, if and when we become aware of it, to any applicable government agencies. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and the Providers, our and their officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors, and suppliers (including Providers) harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, costs, liabilities, losses and damages of any kind (including attorneys' fees) resulting from your use of this website, your breach of any provision of these Terms and/or any negligent acts, omissions or intentional wrongdoing by you. Any such indemnification shall be conditioned on our: (a) notifying you in writing of any such claim, demand, action, cost, liability, loss or threat of any thereof; (b) cooperating with you in the defense or settlement thereof; and (c) allowing you to control such defense or settlement. We shall be entitled to participate in such defense at our own cost and expense.
13. Message boards
In the event that we provide message boards or discussion forums on this website (the "Forums"), you agree to use the Forums only in a noncommercial manner. You shall not, without our express approval, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising, or written solicitation for goods and services. You agree that any uploaded materials may be republished without compensation to you or any other person or entity. In addition, you waive moral rights in any uploaded materials. We review the content of messages proposed for the Forums. Although we are not responsible for these messages, we reserve the right (but not the obligation) to delete, move, reject or edit messages that we, in our sole discretion, deem abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable. We do not endorse any Information posted on this website.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks and liability associated with, the use of any messages, Information, or Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such messages, Information, or Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that the website is provided "AS IS," with all faults, and that your use of the website, any Content we create or information submitted to us by third parties, including information in the Forums, and in all other parts of this website, is at your sole risk and liability.
14. Other general provisions
These Terms are for the benefit of us and the Providers, our and their officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors, and suppliers. Each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce these Terms directly against you on its (or their own) behalf. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be struck and the remaining provisions enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only.
You and we are dealing at arms' length, creating a commercial relationship. We are not your agent or your fiduciary.
The provisions and conditions of these Terms, and each obligation referenced herein, represent the entire Agreement between us (including the Providers) and you, and supersede any prior agreements or understandings not incorporated herein. In the event that any inconsistencies exist between these Terms and any future published terms of use or understanding, the last published Terms shall prevail.
WE RESERVE ANY RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED OR STATED IN THESE TERMS.
News and insights
New technologies are transforming travel – here are the trends shaping the industry
Smartpoint 9.1 is here — with new features for a new year
New York & Company
New Stay Safe filter lets bookers know your hotel is safe
View all news and insights