https://www.torontocpr.com/terms-privacy/
Terms & PrivacyHomeTerms & PrivacyTerms & PrivacyPlease read the following terms and conditions including our cancellation policy before registering for your course. Purchase PolicyOur goal at Toronto CPR is to make your course registration experience easy, efficient and equitable, so you can get your training as quickly as possible. The following policies are designed to ensure your satisfaction and understanding of our online registration process. If you have any questions about the information below, please contact us register@torontocpr.comBefore completing your registration, carefully review the details for the course you have selected.  Please make sure that you have selected the course you require on the correct date.Course confirmations are sent by email only.  It is possible that the confirmation email may be lost or filtered by an anti-spam program.  If you have not received your confirmation email within 24 hours of your registration, it is your responsibility to contact us to confirm your arrangements.Class schedules and timelines are strictly followed.  Arriving late for your course may cause you to be turned away at the door.  Refunds are not issued for individuals who are turned away at the door for late arrival or non-attendance (no-shows). General Course PolicyToronto CPR reserves the right to dismiss any student from a class for disruptive or inappropriate behavior. Students who are disruptive or exhibit inappropriate behavior will be removed from class and NO REFUND OR CREDIT WILL BE ISSUED.We understand that in many situations, students may need to be in contact with their offices on an occasional basis. Please be courteous to the other students and the class instructor and make these calls only during a break or at lunch. During class all students are required to mute or turn off cell phones and refrain from using text messaging. Cancellation PolicyOnce an individual has registered for a course, a spot is reserved for that individual.  Class sizes are limited so we therefore employ a cancellation policy regarding refund or transfer of course fees.Please note that since our administrative office is closed on weekends and statutory holidays, business days do not include Saturdays, Sundays and statutory holidays. Cancel With Notice (minimum of 72 hours notice)To receive a refund, the candidate must cancel more than 72 hours prior to the course.  Cancellations made less than 72 hours will be subject to a $45.00 cancellation and or rescheduling fee. Once a candidate transfers to another course, the candidate may no longer request or obtain a refund should they decide to subsequently cancel or downgrade the certification training course for which they were originally registered.All Blended & Online learning courses are non-refundable. Our Privacy PolicyBy purchasing a course online, you agree to receive email updates from us (e.g., changes to course location, time, etc.). Your personal information will not be shared at any other time with any other party but may be used to contact you once your certification expires, or to inform you about other courses we offer that may be of interest to you. If you have any questions about these terms and conditions, please call  (416) 423-0799 prior to registering for your course.