http://www.marketing.org/content/show/id/bma-privacy-policy
Home > About
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 11, 2018
This Privacy Notice Contains
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect and Use
Automatic Usage Data Collection through Cookies and Similar Technology
Online Advertising
Information Sharing
Our Commitment To Data Security
Where Personal Information Is Used and Stored
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Accuracy of Personal Information and your Individual Rights
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
Third Parties
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information collected through our website (https://www.marketing.org/) "Website"), content and advertising we publish on other websites, and our normal business activities and services we provide to our members and their employees (collectively, the "Service") is collected, used, and disclosed. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in the footer of the Website.
When we refer to "Personal Information," we mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, identification number, or an online identifier.
The Information We Collect and Use
Website and Event Sign Up. Website visitors may use the Website without submitting Personal Information. However, to access certain content and register for events, users will need to create an account or otherwise provide us with Personal Information. We request:
Name
Job and company information
Contact information, including mailing address, email address, and phone and fax numbers
Event-related preferences, including dietary preferences
We use the information you provide about yourself, such as to complete registrations, fulfill your information requests, and provide you with the products, services, and resources applicable to your membership standing. We share this information to the extent necessary to complete your registration, fulfill your request, and for the purposes of events.
From Others. We may receive information about you from your organization. We either create an account for you with this information or add this information to your account. On some Website pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you are registering a colleague for an ANA event, you will be asked for similar information concerning the registrant. We use the information you provide about another member when registering for an ANA event only to complete the registration and to confirm attendance. We share this information to the extent necessary to complete the registration and for the purposes of the event.
We process and retain this Personal Information to perform our contractual obligations to our members and account holders and to meet legal obligations.
Interactions with Us. We receive Personal Information from and about you when you interact with us and the Service. For example, when you sign up to a mailing list or send us email or mail, we receive your email address or mailing address and the information you submit to us. We also record the role you have in ANA committees and taskforces and the activities associated with your participation in them. We track your event attendance and consumption of resources available on the Website. We also keep track of event speakers, event sponsors, and other individuals with whom we have interacted. When you use the Service to communicate with others (e.g., refer speaker opportunities to others), we receive the email addresses and other information you provide about them. When you interact with our social media pages, channels, and content, we receive your profile name and identifier and the content of your submissions.
We use the information we receive to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you, manage and facilitate ANA-related activities and events, improve the events and resources we develop and make available, and generate reports for internal business and member purposes. We use, retain, and share this Personal Information with outside parties as necessary to complete a request to meet our contractual obligations to our members, account holders, and requestors and to meet legal obligations.
E-Commerce Transaction Information. The Website requests payment card information for users to make a purchase, and the information is processed by our service providers to complete transactions. We do not store payment card information. The processing of this Personal Information for this purpose is based on the necessity for the performance of a contract with you. If you do not provide the information necessary to complete a purchase, you will not be able to complete a purchase. We receive general transaction-related information when you make a purchase, which we use for providing you with the products and services you purchased and for our business reporting purposes. We use and retain the transaction information as necessary to perform our contract with you and to meet our legal obligations.
Marketing and Other Informational Updates. With your consent and as otherwise permitted by law, we use your email address, mailing address, and other Personal Information to contact you with information from us about our products and services. You may withdraw your consent from receiving marketing-related communications at any time by either clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of marketing-related emails we send you or by contacting us at support@ana.net. We will process opt-out requests without undue delay. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before the withdrawal.
We may also notify you periodically with important information about the ANA and the Service (such as a material changes to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach). We use and retain your Personal Information for these purposes to perform our contractual obligations to our members, account holders, and requestors and to meet legal obligations. Withdrawing consent from marketing communications does not affect our ability to send you these communications, such as those related to providing services to you or responding to your requests.
Your Employment Applications. You may submit Personal Information to us by email when you express interest in or apply for employment. You may submit your name, email address, telephone number, resume/CV, and cover letter to us. We use such information as a necessity to respond to your inquiry, contact you about employment, and in preparation for the performance of a contract with you. If your application is successful, we retain the Personal Information for the duration of your employment with us, and beyond based on statutory retention periods. If we do not employ you we will delete your Personal Information when accordant time limits for legal actions have lapsed.
Legal and Other Similar Uses. We process and disclose information, including your Personal Information, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; comply with the law; enforce our Terms of Use; or protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. This processing is based on our legitimate interests in legal protection of our and others’ rights. We retain Personal Information for as long as allowed or required by statutory laws.
Pseudonymization and Anonymization. In some circumstances we pseudonymize and/or anonymize your Personal Information for business purposes including to improve our products and services, in which case we use such information without further notice to you. The processing of your Personal Information for this purpose is based on our legitimate interests to provide better products and services for our members. We retain the Personal Information for as long as they are necessary and useful to improve our products and services.
Automatic Usage Data Collection through Cookies and Similar Technology
With your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, when you visit the Service (including our social media pages and channels) or open our emails, we and our third-party service providers and vendors, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics providers, collect certain information, including Personal Information, by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, and web server logs. We use this information, for example, to determine how many users have visited certain Website and social media pages, social media channels, or opened messages or newsletters, so that we can evaluate, improve, and provide the content we publish, evaluate and improve how the Service functions, provide analytical data for Website traffic and management, provide you with personalized content on and off the Service and in email, and to prevent fraud. Our Cookie Policy provides more information about our use of cookies and the retention of your Personal Information collected via cookies.
We may link this data with other information we have collected from and about you. Our vendors also may collect and combine information collected on our Service and emails with other information they have about your online activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or apps. Our vendors use the information they collect according to their privacy policies. You can learn how to decline or opt-out of cookies by reading our Cookie Policy. You may also learn more about our online advertising practices in the Online Advertising section below.
We and our vendors use and retain the automatically-collected information as necessary to provide the Service to you or until you withdraw your consent.
Online Advertising
We and our service providers and vendors (e.g., ad networks) use industry standard website tracking and delivery technology to display our ads to you on other websites. With your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we and our service providers and vendors collect information about your use of the Website to display advertisements to you via targeted advertising methods. Ad networks allow us to target our advertising to users through the use of click-stream, demographic, behavioral and contextual information. These vendors collect and use this information subject to their own privacy policies.
Our Cookie Policy provides more information about the use of cookies for online advertising. Some of the third parties listed in the Cookie Policy may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). For an explanation of that technology and how to control their tracking, the consumer awareness section of the DAA’s website (www.aboutads.info/consumers) provides a good overview.
Information Sharing
We do not disclose Personal Information about you except as described in this Privacy Policy. We do not rent or sell your Personal Information. In addition to what is already stated in this Privacy Policy, we will also share your Personal Information with third parties in the following situations and for the following purposes:
Your Organization. We may share information with your organization about you, your event attendance, and your use of the products, services, and resources we provide to you. We disclose this information to perform our contractual obligations with your organization.
Other Members and Users. With your consent, the Website may publish your name, job title, company, and contact information in its general online directory and/or with other event participants. The purpose for this sharing is to facilitate communications among members. We may also communicate your information with others in any ANA committees or taskforces in which you are participating. We share this information as necessary to help the committees and taskforces to function.
Service Providers and Vendors. We share the Personal Information we collect with our service providers (such as our Website hosting platform and email service provider) and vendors (including event organizers and ad networks) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including so they can provide their services to us and you and to help us communicate with you about products and services, events and promotions that we believe may interest you.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be disclosed in connection with the negotiation of such transaction, and/or sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use of information, we have put in place reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we receive.
While we implement these and other security measures on the Service, please note that 100% security is not always possible. We cannot guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard Personal Information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective.
Where Personal Information Is Used and Stored
We operate the Service in the United States. Therefore, if you provide us with Personal Information during your use of the Services, we collect, process, and store that information in the United States. We may also transfer that information to other third parties across borders to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are visiting from the European Economic Area or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you may be transferring your Personal Information to the United States, which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU or other countries.
We maintain appropriate safeguards to properly protect Personal Information concerning you when it is transferred to the United States. These safeguards are set forth in internal policies that include EU-approved standard contractual clauses that include EU-equivalent data subject rights and remedies. For more information about our data transfer safeguards, please send a request to privacy@ana.net.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 16 years of age, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 16 years of age. If we learn that a user is under 16 years of age, we will promptly delete any Personal Information that the individual has provided to us.
Accuracy of Personal Information and your Individual Rights
We take various steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information, and we rely upon you to provide accurate and complete Personal Information when interacting with us. You may also have the legal right, for example if you are providing us with Personal Information from the EU, to:
Confirm whether or not we process Personal Information about you and, where that is the case, access to your Personal Information;
Correct inaccurate Personal Information;
Erase Personal Information;
Object to the processing of Personal Information;
Restrict the processing of Personal Information;and
Port (Transfer) Personal Information (i.e., receive the Personal Information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and for us to transmit it to another entity).
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify a requestor’s identity before responding to a request.
Also, where our processing of your Personal Information is based on your consent, you may withdraw consent at any time. Please note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before the withdrawal.
Please submit any such requests by email to privacy@ana.net.
For more information on your rights, please see
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en
(there are language translations available).
If you have a complaint regarding the processing of your Personal Information, we kindly request that you first contact us directly by sending us an email at privacy@ana.net, and we will reply promptly. If you are in the EU and you think your rights have been violated, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your national EU Data Protection Authority. You can learn more about these rights at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the handling of Personal Information that cannot be resolved between the ANA and an individual.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We consider several factors to determine how long we keep Personal Information. We consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. For example, we retain information about you even after you change organizations to help you keep track of your activities, to make organization changes easier, and for our recordkeeping purposes. Once we no longer have a need for your Personal Information, we will securely destroy it in accordance with our standards and applicable laws and regulations.
We will attempt to honor requests to delete your Personal Information, but please note that we may be required to keep such information for legal purposes and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
Third Parties
This document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect through the Service. If you disclose your information to others, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you provide to them. Since ANA does not control and is not responsible for the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of those other parties. We encourage you to view posted privacy policies or ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Without prejudice to your rights under applicable law, this Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our Personal Data practices. We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy in advance by posting the new Privacy Policy here and updating the "Last Updated" date above.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 212-697-5950 or send us an email at privacy@ana.net.
Have a question or comment about the ANA? Give us a call, or send us an email, whichever you prefer - we'd love to hear from you!
The Data Controller for the Service is the organization listed below.
Association of National Advertisers Attn: Legal Team 708 Third Avenue - 33rd Floor New York, NY 10017
Cookie Policy
Last revised: June 11, 2018
This cookie policy (the "Cookie Policy") describes how the ANA’s Website uses cookies and other similar technologies.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND WHAT ARE THEY FOR?
Cookies are small text files that are saved on your computer or mobile device when you visit the Website. Other similar technology includes web beacons and tracking pixels that are used on the Website and in emails we send. The information collected by these technologies include IP address, browser characteristics, device IDs and characteristics, operating system version, language preferences, date and time of your access to the Website, referring URLs, email receipt and opens, and information about the usage of the Website, our emails, and the content on it.
The cookies on the Website are either first party or third party cookies. First party cookies are set by ANA and share the same domain as the Website. Third party cookies are stored by third party providers and organizations with different domains. Some cookies expire once you close your browser (called session cookies) and other cookies stay on your device until you delete them or they expire (called persistent cookies).
ANA and its service providers and vendors (e.g., functionality, analytics, and advertising providers) place cookies and other similar tracking technology on your device to ensure that the Website functions properly, to prevent fraud, and to tailor, track, evaluate, and improve the Website, online ads, and emails we send.
For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
WHICH TYPES OF COOKIES DOES THE WEBSITE USE?
ANA and its service providers and vendors use the following categories of cookies on the Website:
Functionality Cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the Website and use its features. These cookies will be placed on your device and used even if you do not consent to the use of cookies. These cookies also allow the Website to remember the choices that you make (e.g. language or the region you are in) and may provide enhanced features.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use the Website (e.g. which pages you go to most often) to learn about our Website users and improve how the Website works. The Website provides you with options on how it will use these cookies.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies: These cookies are used to deliver online advertisements on other websites that are more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. The cookies remember that you have visited the Website and this information may be shared with other organizations, e.g. advertisers. The Website provides you with options on how it will use these cookies.
Please see below a more detailed list of the cookies we use on the Website.
HOW CAN YOU CONTROL COOKIES?
Strictly necessary cookies are necessary to provide the Website to you. The Website uses such cookies without your prior consent. All other cookies are used by the Website after you have consented via the cookie banner on our Website.
You can withdraw your consent at any time, for example by deleting the cookies manually, by changing your browser settings, or by opting out via our opt-out mechanism. You may also opt-out of targeted advertising using cookies and similar technology by using the DAA’s opt-out option available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and for NAI members at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
WHICH TYPES OF COOKIES DOES THE WEBSITE USE?
We use the following cookies on the Website:
Functionality Cookies
Name of cookiePurpose of cookies
Brightcove
Provision of audio/video services
Performance Cookies
Name of cookiePurpose of cookies
Google Analytics To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ .
Website usage analytics
HOW MAY THIS COOKIE POLICY BE CHANGED?
ANA may, in its sole discretion, change this Cookie Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to ANA’s Cookie Policy will be reflected here and the date of new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Cookie Policy. Please revisit this Cookie Policy when you return to this Website.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
If you have any questions regarding our Cookie Policy, please email us at support@ana.net.
Read Newsstand
×
Cookie Preferences
The ANA asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. Social media and advertising cookies of third parties are used to offer you social media functionalities and personalized ads. To amend your preferences you can visit "Cookie Settings" at the bottom of the website. To get more information about these cookies and the processing of your personal data, check our Privacy and Cookie Policy. Do you accept these cookies and the processing of personal data involved?
Functional
These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or, if you request, from session to session.
Performance
These cookies allow us to improve the site’s functionality by tracking usage on this website. In some cases these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you’ve selected. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance.
Social Media and Advertising
Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our website through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within ANA’s website(s) and on other websites and online services. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. For more information about this processing of personal data, check our Privacy and Cookie Policy. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks and/or not allowing you to share content on social media
I Understand
The ANA asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. Check our Privacy and Cookie Policy for more information.
Settings OK, Got it