http://www.laurentianbank.com/en/legal_notice.html
Home
Career
Contact us
Where to find us
Help and FAQ
Français
Go
Personal Banking
Business Services
Laurentian Bank
Laurentian Bank > Legal Notice
Legal Notice
Important Notice
This notice governs the use of the Laurentian Bank Internet Web site. Please read it carefully before accessing the site.
Information Purposes Only
The content of the Laurentian Bank of Canada Web site (the "Web site" or the "site") is provided for information purposes only, unless otherwise indicated, and does not constitute an offer to purchase or sell the products or services of Laurentian Bank, its subsidiaries or its affiliates ("Laurentian Bank"). This information, including the strategies provided on this site, is of a general nature and is not intended as specific investment, financial, accounting, legal or tax advice for any individual and should not be relied on as such. Each user must take into consideration the laws applicable in his/her jurisdiction when evaluating his/her financial position. Calculation or projections are provided for general illustrative purposes only and are not warranted to be accurate or complete.
Accuracy and Change of Information
Information and materials provided on this Web site are believed to be accurate when posted. Despite its best efforts, however, Laurentian Bank cannot guarantee that they are accurate or complete or that they will be current at all times. Furthermore, Internet software or transmission problems may produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of information and materials that may be downloaded and displayed on a party's computer.
Laurentian Bank reserves the right to modify the information and materials contained in this site without prior notice. You agree to review the said information and materials regularly and your continued access or use of the site will mean that you agree to any such changes.
Availability of Products and Services
The products and services described in the pages of this site are only available in jurisdictions where they can legally be offered. For more information on the products and services offered in your jurisdiction, please contact one of our advisors by dialing 1 877 522-3863.
Terms and Conditions Applicable to Products and Services
Each product and service is subject to an agreement containing the terms and conditions applicable in said agreement. Any application for a credit product or service is subject to credit approval by Laurentian Bank.
Non-Solicitation
With the exception of products and services for which an application can be presented by using the ON-LINE APPLICATION form available on this site, the description of products and services offered does not constitute solicitation or an offer to purchase or sell mutual funds or any other products or services.
Mutual Funds
Mutual funds are distributed by LBC Financial Services Inc., a subsidiary of the Laurentian Bank. Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and other expenses may all be associated with mutual fund investments. To obtain a copy of one or more prospectuses, contact a representative of LBC Financial Services Inc. ("LBCFS") at any Laurentian Bank of Canada ("Laurentian Bank") branch.
LBCFS is a corporate entity distinct from Laurentian Bank, LBC Trust, Clarington IA Investments Inc.
Investment offered by LBCFS are not insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Autorité des marchés financiers or any other public government deposit insurer. In addition, mutual funds are not guaranteed by Laurentian Bank, LBC Financial Services or Clarington IA Investments Inc.
Nothing guarantees that a mutual fund will maintain a fixed liquidating value per unit or that the full amount of the investment will be reimbursed. Past performance may not be repeated.
Subsidiaries
LBC Financial Services Inc. and LBC Trust are both wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Laurentian Bank.
Insurance Products
Credit life and disability insurance is offered by Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc.
Travel insurance is offered by Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc.
The following insurance products and travellers assistance offered with the Gold Visa card are underwritten by Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc : Hospital and Medical Insurance, Trip Cancellation Insurance, Delayed Baggage Insurance, Public Transportation Vehicle Accident Insurance, Purchase Assurance and Extended Warranty and Travel Assistance.
Auto Rental Collision/Loss Damage Insurance is offered by Royal Insurance Company of Canada.
Security of Transactions
The bank complies with the regulation related to the protection of personal information. In addition, it uses the most secure encryption techniques presently available to ensure the confidential nature of the information it exchanges with you. However, complete confidentiality in the transmission of data is not always possible over the Internet and privacy cannot be ensured at any time. The Laurentian Bank will not be responsible for any damages you may suffer if you transmit confidential or sensitive information to us and that information subsequently becomes public through no fault of ours.
Information Confidentiality
Your private details and identifying financial information must be handled with the utmost discretion. That’s why we work hard to protect your personal and financial information.
Our privacy statement tells you how we protect your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information and applies to all our dealings with you. We encourage you to visit our Security and Privacy
page, where you can read the statement and our “Questions of Privacy” brochure, which summarizes the main points
Info+, Product Selectors and Financial Simulators
Product selectors and financial simulations are provided for general illustrative purposes only, unless otherwise specified and are not warranted to be accurate or complete.
Personal information provided to the Bank will be used for statistical purposes and in the context of activities generally carried out by the Bank and its affiliates, and solely the employees and agents of the Bank and its affiliates will have access to such information, on condition that the information is necessary to the performance of their duties or mandate.
By registering to Info+, with a view to benefiting from high-quality service and obtaining all information available regarding the financial products offered by the Bank, its affiliates or any enterprise that has been duly designated by the Bank, I authorize the Bank and its affiliates to make use of the information it holds in my regard in order to communicate any background documentation, advertisement or information to me. I am entitled to request that the Bank refrain from using the information for the purposes set out in this paragraph at any time by modifying my Info + profile. The Bank will not refuse to provide the services described herein, in the event that I am entitled to them, even if I have revoked my authorization regarding the use of this personal information. Any file with which I am concerned will be kept in the appropriate department of the Bank’s head office. Upon my written request, the Bank will allow me to examine information to which I am entitled by law, at the branch where I conduct my banking, and I may obtain a copy of such information upon payment of amounts charged by the Bank.
Email Alerts and Newsletters
Information provided in sent email messages is subject to the terms and conditions stated in the legal notice published on the www.laurentianbank.ca website, and is believed to be accurate when provided. However, the Laurentian Bank cannot guarantee that it is accurate or complete or that it will be current at all times. Furthermore, Internet software or transmission problems may produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of information. Interest rates, charges and other conditions relating to products or services are provided for information purposes only and are subject to change. Each product or service is subject to an agreement containing the terms and conditions applicable in said agreement. Any application for a credit product or service is subject to credit approval by Laurentian Bank.
Publications on Social Media Platforms
This publication is for general information purposes only. The information contained in these publications is drawn from sources that Laurentian Bank of Canada believes to be reliable, however, Laurentian Bank of Canada and its affiliates do not guarantee the completeness, correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise of these publications and do not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage that results from its use. The information in these publications is subject to change without notice, and is provided in good faith but without legal responsibility. The views expressed in these publications should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell, nor should they be relied upon as investment advice. Foreign exchange products, however structured, are subject to commercial and market-related risks.
All rights in, and to, the content of these publications belong to Laurentian Bank of Canada or our third-party content providers, and such content is protected by, and may only be used in accordance with, applicable intellectual property laws. Any reproduction or distribution in whole or in part of the research contained in these publications without permission is prohibited. Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this site may constitute trade names, trademarks or service marks of Laurentian Bank of Canada or of third parties of which Laurentian Bank of Canada is an authorized user.
No Warranties
While every effort is made to ensure that the information and materials contained in the site, including text, graphics, links to other Internet resources or other items is accurate, they are provided on an "as is", where is basis. No warranty of any kind, implied, express, or statutory is given by Laurentian Bank in conjunction with the information and materials including, without limitation, the accuracy adequacy, timeliness, merchantability, operation, non-infringement, usefulness, completeness, reliability and fitness for a particular purpose or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information and materials.
Further, Laurentian Bank does not represent or warrant that the site will be at all times available and meet your requirements, that access will be uninterrupted, that there will be no delays, failures, errors or omissions or loss of transmitted information, that no viruses or other contaminating or destructive properties will be transmitted or that no damage will occur to your computer system. You have sole responsibility for adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment and to take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses or other destructive properties.
No Liability
In no event Laurentian Bank be liable to you or anyone else for any damages whatsoever (including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential, exemplary or punitive damages, losses or expenses) arising in connection with this site or use thereof or inability to use by any party, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, loss of data, any unauthorized use or reproduction of the site or the information or otherwise, even if Laurentian Bank, or its representatives are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
No Endorsement or Hyperlinks
Links to other Web sites from this Web site (or references to products, services or publications other than those of Laurentian Bank) are for convenience only and are at your own risk. No endorsement of any third party products, services or information is expressed or implied by any information, material or content referred to or included on, or linked from or to this site. Such products, services or information are not investigated, verified, monitored, or endorsed by Laurentian Bank.
You are responsible for taking the necessary precautions to detect possible viruses and ensuring that any software program accessed through one of the links offered on this site is compatible with your computer. You must also ensure that you have up-to-date backup copies of the entire contents of your hard disk before installing software downloaded from these links.
Trademarks
© Laurentian Bank of Canada, 2006. All Rights Reserved.
Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this site may constitute trade names, trademarks or service marks of Laurentian Bank or of third parties of which Laurentian Bank is an authorized user. Use of trademarks on this site does not necessarily presume that a licence of any kind has been granted. The ® and ™ symbols designate "registered trademark" and "trademark" respectively.
The trademarks are distinguished from one another and accompanied, at first-time use, with the appropriate trademark symbol: ®/™/*. These symbols are keyed to their respective legend which describes the owner or licensee of the trademark: ® Registered trademark of Laurentian Bank of Canada./ ™ Trademark of Laurentian Bank of Canada./* Laurentian Bank, licensee of trademark.
® The following marks are registered trademarks of Laurentian Bank under the Canadian Trademarks Act. Certain of these marks are also Laurentian Bank property under the applicable trademarks laws/legislation in foreign jurisdictions:
TREE (DRAWING), CORNERSTONE, DISTINCTION, GOLDEN YEARS, INSURANCE... JUST IN CASE, INVESTMENT EXCELLENCE, LBC, LBCDIRECT & DRAWING, LBC FINANCIAL SERVICES, LBC XPRESS & DRAWING, MULTIFUNCTION, NATLINK, OSCAR, OSCAR & DRAWING, LAURENTIAN BANK & DRAWING, THE CORNERSTONE GROUP OF FUNDS & DRAWING, LAURENTIAN BANK & TRUST, SUPERSAVER GOLD, SUPERSAVER, TACTICAL RSP, THE SUPER STATEMENT.
™: The following marks are trademarks of Laurentian Bank:
Trust and Laurentian Bank
The following trademarks are the exclusive property of their respective owner:
American Express
Comcheq
INTERAC
Interlink
Mastercard
Visa
Proprietary Information
The information contained in the pages of this site is the sole property of Laurentian Bank and is for your personal use only. All information at this site is protected under the copyright laws of Canada and in other countries. This information may not be reproduced, in whole or in part, without the written express consent of Laurentian Bank. Unauthorized public or commercial use, downloading, storage in any medium, retransmission, redistribution or other reproduction or modification of trademarks or information contained in this site is prohibited and may be a violation of such laws, including trademark or copyright laws and could subject the user to legal action.
Generalities
The products and services described on pages of this site are available only in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered for sale. Moreover, all products and services are subject to the terms and conditions of the various agreements specific to each one.
Ombudsman's Office of Laurentian Bank
The ombudsman’s office is the final appeal for unresolved client disputes with the bank or its affiliated companies and its role is to provide an impartial view througout the resolution process. If you feel your concerns remain unresolved, you can contact the Ombudsman’s office of Laurentian Bank via one of the following means of communications:
Laurentian Bank
Ombudsman’s Office
1360
René-Lévesque Boulevard West, suite 600
Montreal, Quebec
H3G 0E5
Tel. : 1 800 479-1244 (toll free) · (514) 284-7192
Fax : 1 800 473-4790 (toll free) · (514) 284-7194
E-mail : ombudsman@laurentianbank.ca
Site map
Security and Privacy
Legal notice
About this website
Cookie policy
© Laurentian Bank of Canada, 2020 All rights reserved.