http://www.morinu.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
About
Products
Recipes
where to buy
tofu tips
Contact
My Account
Cart   (0)
Search for:
toggle menu
Cart   (0)
Search for:
toggle menu
Recipes  >  Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 1, 2018
This Privacy Policy explains how Morinaga Nutritional Foods, Inc. (“Morinaga”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you through its websites, ecommerce sites and other online products and services that link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, make a purchase, fill out a form, participate in any interactive features of the Services, participate in a contest or promotion, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, shipping address, phone number, payment information and any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use tracking technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to mailing list providers and publicly available sources.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our services, such as to fulfill your orders or suggest products that may be of interest to you. We may also use the information we collect to:
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages and to respond to your comments, questions and customer service requests;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, and events offered by Morinaga and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Morinaga and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, recommendations, or features that match user profiles or interests; and
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Morinaga or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among Morinaga and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics Services
We may allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf across the internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Morinaga and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
Morinaga is based in the United States and we process and store information in the U.S.
Your choices
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account or emailing us at
cs3@morinu.com. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at
cs3@morinu.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Morinaga by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
cs3@morinu.com.
BACK TO TOP