http://www.designdisplay.com/privacy/
Privacy
PRIVACY STATEMENT for Design Display
­­­­
SECTION 1 ­ WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
This information we collect may include the content you view (including but not limited to the products you purchase or your location information associated with your IP address). We use this information to serve you relevant advertisements (what we call “Retargeting”).
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our services and other updates.
SECTION 2 ­ CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information, including your email address, you are providing us with consent to contact you via the information you provide.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt­in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at eric.colee@designdisplay.com or mailing us at: Design Display, 351 Industrial Drive, Birmingham, AL 35211.
SECTION 3 ­ DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 ­ THIRD­PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third­party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
For all third­party providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third­party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy.
Links
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 5 ­ YOUR COMPUTER COOKIES
As you browse designdisplay.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. We will then present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with designdisplay.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page (h ttp://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) to opt out of partners’ targeted advertising.
SECTION 6 ­ CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at eric.colee@designdisplay.com or by mail at the address below.
Re: Privacy Compliance Officer
351 Industrial Drive, Birmingham, AL 35211
Ready to take your displays to the next level? Contact Us Today
Company
Design Display, Inc.
351 Industrial Drive
Birmingham, AL 35211
Connect
Ph. 205-945-8130
Fx. 205-945-8227
info@designdisplay.com
FacebookInstagramLinkedInPinterestTwitter