https://www.hotwiredirect.com/company-info/privacy-policy/
Home / About Hotwire Direct / Privacy Policy
Effective January 08, 2007, Revised May 21, 2018.
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Links To External Web Sites
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of every page.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Hotwire Direct website. On some pages you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing a request only to complete that request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the catalog request form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links To External Web Sites
This web site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy policy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at +1 (509) 758-8379 or send us an email at salesinfo@hotwiredirect.com.
English
Arabic English French German Italian Portuguese Russian Slovenian Spanish