https://www.resindek.com/privacy-policy.php
ResinDek® - Privacy Policy
CORNERSTONE SPECIALTY WOOD PRODUCTS, LLC® PRIVACY POLICY
Cornerstone Specialty Wood Products, LLC® ("Cornerstone") recognizes and respects that your personal information is important to you.
This Privacy Policy explains describes our procedures with respect to the privacy of users of this site and our policies for use of our website.
From time to time we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to features of our website, our collection and use practices, technology, the law.
If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your personally identifiable information, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of the Policy. You should review the Policy periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices.
By accessing, browsing or using this website or by submitting your personal information to Cornerstone, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not submit your personal information.
What information is collected?
Cornerstone may collect information that you voluntarily provide.
For example, we may request that you supply us with information, such as your e-mail address, street address, telephone number to obtain our products and services, or information about them, and to comply with requirements of regulators, if any.
We may also collect information in connection with applications for employment.
Information collected may include, but is not limited to, first and last name, street address, zip code, email address and phone number.
Whether you provide that information is entirely up to you.
Cornerstone may also collect site user information by monitoring customer traffic patterns and site usage to enhance the experience of users to our Web site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users. This basic and anonymous user information may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, the operating system used by your computer and your browser software.
What does Cornerstone do with the collected information?
Cornerstone will not sell, trade or rent your data in personally identifiable form without your permission. Cornerstone does not share any user information with any other third parties, including advertisers.
Cornerstone also may, from time to time, use the information collected to notify you of changes to our services, announce new services and inform you of special offers Cornerstone thinks you might find valuable.
There may be limited instances when we may disclose personal information without providing you with a choice: (i) in order to protect the legal rights or property of Cornerstone, other companies affiliated with Cornerstone or their employees, agents and contractors; (ii) to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites; (iii) to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if Cornerstone sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, Cornerstone may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of that transaction.
Also, Cornerstone may provide aggregate statistics about visitors to our sites, such as volume, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include personally identifiable information.
What are "cookies" and what do they do?
Cookies are a common technology used to personalize web sites and to track how web sites are used.
Specifically, cookies are small bits of information that Internet sites place on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on our site(s) and enable site operators to make your visits to our site(s) more enjoyable. For example, cookies can store your password for easy logon to a site you have previously visited or save your preferences for a personalized home page.
You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, without cookies you won't have access to certain features on our websites.
We may also use web beacons on our Website. A web beacon, also known as a “web bug,” is a small, graphic image on a Web page, in a Web-based document or in an e-mail message that is designed to allow us to monitor visitors to the Website, the IP address of the computer to which the Web beacon is sent, the URL of the page from which the Web beacon comes, and the time it was viewed. None of this information is linked to a user’s personally identifiable information.
Can I see my information? And how do I update my information?
Visitors to our websites may review the personal information we maintain about them in our records whenever possible. If you would like to review, correct, or delete this information, please contact Cornerstone at info@ResinDek.com.
How is my information protected?
Cornerstone uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard personal information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, Cornerstone uses reasonable methods to make sure that personal information is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete.
What about links to other websites?
Our web sites may contain links to Internet sites operated by other companies. For example, our web sites may carry advertisements or information about other companies. Cornerstone is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our sites(s) or for the privacy practices of third party or national Internet advertising companies. Once you've left a Cornerstone site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any personal information they collect from you.
How do I contact Cornerstone with questions or issues?
We welcome any suggestions on how to make this site better. If you would like to communicate with us about our Privacy Policy or have privacy issues or complaints regarding this policy, please contact us at info@ResinDek.com.