https://www.worlddryer.com/support/privacy-policy
Support | Find a Rep | Contact
Search for:
World Dryer
Products
VERDEdri
Now featuring World's best 10-year warranty
SMARTdri Series
Now featuring World's best 10-year warranty
SLIMdri
Now featuring World's best 10-year warranty
Hand DryersVERDEdriSMARTdriSLIMdriHEPA-Filtered VMax V2AirforceeXtremeAir GXTeXtremeAir EXTModel A SeriesAirMaxNova SeriesAirspeedElectric-Aire LNNoTouchAdvantage AD®Global GX
Hair DryersAirStyle Model BAirStyle Model RB
Baby Changing StationsDryBaby ABC 300VDryBaby ABC-300HDryBaby ABC-300HSDryBaby ABC-300HSR
View All Products
CustomersBusiness OwnersArchitectsContractorsDistributorsCustomer Stories
ResourcesBuying Guide ToolSavings CalculatorSpecification ToolsHand Hygiene
Our CompanyAbout UsEventsBlogCustomer StoriesMediaNewsWorld Dryer Gear
Hand Hygiene
Home
/
Support / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SUPPORT
Register Warranty
GSA Contract Information
MAP Policy
Privacy Policy
Specification Tools
Terms of Use
SUPPORT
Register Warranty
GSA Contract Information
MAP Policy
Privacy Policy
Specification Tools
Terms of Use
Last Updated: July 9, 2018
World Dryer Corporation (“World Dryer,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and each of its affiliates (collectively, the “Rexnord Group”) takes data privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy informs the users of this website (“Site”) what information is collected by World Dryer and its suppliers through this Site (such information, “Collected Information”) and how that information is collected, used, shared, and processed.
This Privacy Policy also explains your rights and choices regarding your personal data, how we communicate changes to this Privacy Policy, and how you may contact us regarding questions or issues with respect to anything contained in this Privacy Policy.
By accessing or using the Site, you agree on behalf of yourself and any company that you represent (together, “you”) that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of our Terms of Use.
Note that other Rexnord Group websites are governed by other privacy policies. If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
1. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time at our discretion, including in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will notify you of any such changes, including when they will take effect, by updating the “Last Updated” date above or as may be required by applicable law. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on the Site or otherwise communicated to you.
2. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
The information that we may collect from or about you broadly falls into the following categories:
information that you voluntarily provide to us, for example, your contact information and information you enter when using our online tools; and
information that we passively collect through your access to or use of the Site, for example, data collected by the servers used to operate the Site (e.g., IP addresses), data collected by cookies, and data collected by analytics and advertising services.
3. Information that that You Voluntarily Provide to Us
Contact Details: You can visit and use the Site without voluntarily sharing your personal data with us, but you will be required to provide your contact information if you contact us through our Site, in which case you will be asked to provide the following personal data about you: name, company name, email address, and telephone number. We will also collect any other contact information from or about you that you choose to provide to us. We process such contact information for purposes of answering your queries or information requests and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, subject in each case to your communications preferences, applicable laws, and the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you provide your mobile or other telephone number to us, you consent to receiving telephone calls from us at that telephone number as described below.
Newsletters, Product Catalogues, and Marketing Communications: If you request to receive our newsletter or product catalogues or otherwise opt in to receive promotions from us, you will need to provide your email address. You may also provide your name and mailing address. We use and process such data for purposes of providing our newsletter and other electronic and hard copy marketing materials to the extent permitted by applicable law and this Privacy Policy. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email. We may use third-party email providers, such as HubSpot, to deliver these communications to you. We encourage you to review HubSpot’s Privacy Policy.
Find a Sales Representative: To find a World Dryer sales representative, you will need to provide your physical location and perhaps identify the product line(s) in which you are interested. We will use this information to identify sales representatives working in your area.
Warranty Registration: To register a warranty on the Site, you will be asked to provide your name, company name, address, email address, and business type. You will also be asked to provide the date of purchase, model information, and serial number.
Information About Your Use of Our Online Tools: If you choose to use our online tools, we will collect all information that you provide in the course of using those tools. Our online tools include, for example, our Buying Guide and our Savings Calculator. You will need to enter certain information to use those tools, which may include paper towel usage levels and fixture requirements.
Career Opportunities: To view career opportunities at World Dryer and to submit job applications you will be redirected to a website operated by our affiliate, Rexnord Corporation. Additionally, you may be required to create an account with the third-party host of Rexnord Corporation’s online career portal. We encourage you to review the terms and privacy policy posted on those websites. We may use your job application to evaluate your qualifications and to otherwise consider or respond to your application for employment. Your submission of a job application does not in any way require World Dryer, Rexnord Corporation, or any member of the Rexnord Group to review that application or consider you for employment.
4. Information that We Collect Through Your Use of the Site
IP Addresses and Metadata: When you use the Site World Dryer and the servers used to operate and provide the Site may automatically collect certain data from your computer or device pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Site, for example, the following: browser type and version, operating system and interface, the website from which you are visiting us (referrer URL), webpage(s) you are visiting on our Site, the websites you access after visiting the Site, the length of time you spend on the Site, date and time of accessing our Site, clickstream data, Internet protocol (IP) address assigned to the computers and other devices from where you access the Internet, your Internet service provider (ISP), and your device ID number.
World Dryer may use this information to improve the quality and services of our Site, products, and services, to administer the Site and its servers, to generate and analyze the usage behavior of our users, to monitor and analyze Site traffic and usage patterns, to investigate complaints and violations of our policies, and to help prevent fraud and misuse of our IT systems, as well as to help ensure physical, IT and network security. We may combine this information with other Collected Information (including personal data) and information obtained from third parties for the purposes discussed in this Privacy Policy. The suppliers that we use to provide the Site may collect information about your visits to the Site and other websites. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technologies as explained further below under “Cookies and Tracking Technologies.” In addition to the uses described above, your IP address will be used to enable your access to our Site and to determine your approximate geographic location.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies: This Site automatically uses cookies and other tracking technologies to track the use of our Site in order to facilitate and enhance the user experience on our Site and for other purposes as described below. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. The Site may use both cookies that we implement and cookies implemented by our suppliers and other third parties. We use cookies to track when and how you and others access and use our Site, to learn which pages of the Site are popular and which are not, to learn which search terms are used to find the Site, and to learn which websites direct you to the Site. We also use cookies to improve your enjoyment of the Site and to help display information on the Site, for example, by remembering your contact or other information when you access or use the Site. Due to this automatic collection, we do not currently honor do-not-track requests.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable this function so that your browser will not accept cookies. Please be aware that disabling this function may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site. Our Site suppliers may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixel tags, to track Site visitors across the Internet to understand how you get to the Site. We do not have access or control over these cookies and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies.
Our use of cookies falls into the following categories:
Operationally necessary. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Site. For example, these cookies are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, and improve security. They also allow users of the Site to make use of its functions, for example, shopping carts, saved search, and similar functions. Without these cookies, services that you have requested cannot be provided.
Functionality related. These cookies allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using the Site. This may include to remembering choices you make, for example and as applicable, remembering your preferences or settings, remembering if you reacted to something on or through the Site so that you are not asked to do it again, remembering if you have used any feature of the Site before, restricting the number of times you are shown a particular advertisement, remembering your location, and enabling social media components. As described above, you may disable functional cookies, but if you do so then various functions of the Site may be unavailable to you or may not work the way you want them to.
Performance related. These cookies assess the performance of the Site, including as party of our analytic practices to help us understand how visitors use and interact with the Site, for example, which pages on our Site users visit most often. These cookies also enable us to personalize content and remember your preferences (e.g., your choice of language, country, or region). These cookies help us improve the way our websites work and provide a better, personalized user experience. Some of our performance-related cookies are managed for us by third parties. However, we don’t allow those third parties to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.
Advertising or targeted related. These cookies record your visits to the Site, the pages you have visited on our Site, and the links you have clicked. They gather information about your browsing habits and remember that you have visited a particular website. World Dryer and its third-party advertising platforms or networks may use this information to make the Site, its content, and advertisements displayed on our Site more relevant to your interests (this is sometimes called “behavioral” or “targeted” advertising and is further discussed below). These types of cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. To find out more about interest-based ads and your choices, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance, the Network Advertising Initiative, the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe, http://www.allaboutcookies.org, and http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Analytics: The Site uses third-party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to collect and process data (including personal data) about your use of the Site, including when you visit the Site, URLs of the websites that you visit prior to visiting the Site and when you visit those websites, and IP addresses assigned to the devices from where you access the Internet. Our analytics providers may set and read cookies to collect this data and your web browser will automatically send data collected by those cookies to our analytics providers. Our analytics providers use this data to provide us with reports that we will use to improve the Site’ structure and content. For more information on how Google uses this data, visit Google’s Privacy Policy and Google’s page on "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps". To prevent this data from being used by Google Analytics, follow the instructions to download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for each web browser you use. Using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on will not prevent World Dryer from using other analytics tools and will not prevent data from being sent to the Site itself or to Google. You may disable cookies as discussed above, but that may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site.
Google Analytics’ Advertising Features: We have also enabled and implemented the following Google Analytics Advertising Features: Remarketing with Google Analytics, Demographics and Interest Reporting, and Segments. Remarketing with Analytics uses Google Analytics cookies to serve advertisements to you across the Internet based on your visits to the Site. Demographics and Interest Reporting uses a third-party cookie to collect information about our Site traffic by tracking users across websites and across time, which generates a report for us to better understand our Site users. Segments allows us to isolate and analyze subsets of Site users by sorting our Google Analytics data. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s collection or use this information, visit Google’s Safety Center and Google’s Ad Settings and follow Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions. Opting out will not affect your use of the Site.
Advertising Networks, Personalized Advertising, Remarketing, and Retargeting: From time to time the Site may use or participate in advertising networks and related advertising services that are managed and provided by third-party advertising servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, and research firms, including, for example, Google AdWords. These services collect information about your visits to and interactions with the Site and other websites and will use that information to target advertisements for goods and services. The information collected may be associated with your personal data. These targeted advertisements may appear on the Site or on other websites. Advertising networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make inferences about a consumer’s interests and preferences, which enables their computers to deliver advertisements directly targeted to the consumer’s specific interests. This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising.” For example, a third-party advertising network might collect the type of Internet browser you use, the type of computer operating system you use, the domain name of a website you visit, whether or not you visit specific pages of the Site and other websites, the location of your Internet service provider, the date and time of a visit to a website, and other interactions between you and a website.
With respect to Google AdWords, Google uses your Internet searches, cookies, and similar identifiers (e.g., pixel tags) to collect information about your visits to the Site and your interaction with our products and services to generate targeted advertisements to you on other websites that you visit across the Internet. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s collection or use this information, visit Google’s Safety Center and Google’s Ad Settings and follow Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions. Opting out will not affect your use of the Site.
To change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising, please visit the National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program. Please remember that changing your settings with individual browsers or ad networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads from time to time.
Embedded Content: The Site may incorporate content, including feeds scripts embedded in the Site’ code and visible content (for example, videos), provided by third parties. In some cases, those third parties collect data about how you interact with their content. For example, YouTube may collect or otherwise have access to usage data on videos embedded on the Site as described in YouTube’s Privacy Policy.
5. How We Use and Share Collected Information
In addition to the uses and disclosures described above, World Dryer and its suppliers may use and disclose Collected Information as described below. We do not use, sell, rent, loan, or otherwise disclose any Collected Information except as stated in this Privacy Policy and as permitted by applicable law.
Purpose Collected & Communication with You: We will use and share your personal data and other Collected Information for the purpose for which it was collected, for example, to provide you with quotes, information, and communications that you request, to process warranty registrations, and to respond to job applications you have submitted. Your physical address will be used for the purpose for which it was provided (e.g., to find a local sales representative) and to understand where our users are located. If you provide us with your telephone number using our online contact form or otherwise, we may call you at that telephone number for customer service purposes and in response to your questions or comments. We may use Collected Information to notify you of changes made to the Site (for example, changes to this Privacy Policy) and, if you sign up or otherwise opt in to receive promotions from us, to send you promotional materials and other communications as described above. If you contact us for support or assistance in using the Site, we may use Collected Information to determine whether or not your system meets the minimum requirements needed to access and use the Site and otherwise to contact you regarding your request.
Sharing Collected Information with Sales Representatives: We may share your personal data with our sales representatives for purposes of providing you with additional information on World Dryer products and services. In addition, information that you share with World Dryer sales representatives may be provided back to us.
Evaluation and Improvement of the Site, User Demographics, and Aggregation: We may use and disclose Collected Information: to analyze, develop, and improve the content, materials, products, and services that we make available; to inform marketing and communication plans and strategies; to understand the Site’s demographics and users’ preferences; and to evaluate Site user needs and customize Site content, promotional emails, and your browsing experience. We may also aggregate personal data and other Collected Information to create aggregate data on Site users, which describes users as a group but does not reveal the identity of individual users. We may use aggregate data to understand users’ needs, to determine user demographics and usage patterns, to determine what kinds of products and services we can provide, and to improve and enrich our products, our services, and the Site. Relatedly, we may provide aggregate information about our customers, Site users, Site traffic patterns, and related information to our affiliates and other third parties. We may also combine Collected Information with other information in our possession, such as information pertaining to your account(s) with World Dryer, for purposes of using information as described in this Privacy Policy.
6. Processing Basis and Consequences – What is the legal justification for processing your personal data and what happens if you choose not to provide it?
We rely on the following legal grounds for the collection, processing, and use of your personal data:
the processing is necessary to enable you the use of the Site;
your consent to the processing of your data for one or more specific purposes;
the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of you which require protection of personal data; such legitimate interests are the fulfilment of the processing purposes set out above, in particular improvement of the quality and services of our Site, products, and services, prevention of fraud, misuse of our IT systems, physical, IT and network security, as well as marketing relating to our products and services;
the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract; and
the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
The provision of your personal data is not required by a statutory or contractual obligation. In some case the provision of your personal data is necessary to receive our services or products as requested by you or to use certain features of the Site.
Not providing your personal data may result in disadvantages for you – for example, you may not be able to receive marketing information or take advantage of other features of the Site. However, unless otherwise specified, not providing your personal data will not result in legal consequences for you.
7. Categories of Recipients and International Transfers – Who do we transfer your personal data to and where are they located?
We may transfer your personal data to third parties for the purposes described above as follows:
Within the Rexnord Group: World Dryer and each of our affiliates within the global Rexnord Group may receive your personal data as necessary for the purposes described above. Depending on the categories of personal data and the purposes for which the personal data has been collected, different internal departments within the Rexnord Group may receive your personal data. For example, our IT departments may have access to your account data. Moreover, other departments within the Rexnord Group have access to certain personal data about you on a need-to-know basis, such as legal departments, finance departments or internal auditing.
With Third-Party Suppliers: Certain third parties, whether affiliated or unaffiliated, may receive your personal data to process such data under appropriate instructions (“Processors”) as necessary for the processing purposes described above, such as website service providers, email service providers, marketing service providers, IT support service providers, and other service providers who support us in maintaining our commercial relationship with you. The Processors are subject to contractual obligations to implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard the personal data and to process the personal data only as instructed. Site users located in the European Economic Area can ask us for further details of the currently engaged Processors by contacting us as set out below. Our suppliers are authorized to and may use and disclose Collected Information as necessary for them to provide the applicable services to us.
Other Recipients: We may transfer, in compliance with applicable data protection law, personal data to law enforcement agencies, governmental authorities, judicial authorities, legal counsel, external consultants, or business partners. In case of a corporate merger, acquisition, change in control, reorganization, or asset sale, personal data may be transferred to the third parties involved in that transaction and will be bound by this Privacy Policy as it applies to that information. For Site users located in the European Economic Area, we will not disclose your personal data to third parties for advertising or marketing purposes or for any other purposes without permission. For Site users located in the European Economic Area, any access to your personal data is restricted to those individuals that have a need-to-know in order to fulfill their job responsibilities.
To Protect World Dryer and Others: We may share your personal data with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, and other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: (a) to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process; (b) to perform credit checks, report or collect debts owed; (c) to protect the rights and property of World Dryer, other members of the Rexnord Group, our and their respective agents and customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms and to protect our network and physical assets; and (d) to protect the safety of our employees, agents, and customers, and any other person.
With Your Consent: With your consent, we may share your personal data in ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
8. International Transfers of Your Personal Data.
In operating the Site, your personal data may be transferred to, stored in, and processed in countries other than the country in which you are located. Those countries may have data protection laws that are different from those of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Specifically, our website servers and some of our service providers are located in the United States and our affiliated companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal data we may process it in other countries.
You should expect that the recipients identified above which will receive or have access to your personal data may be located inside or outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
For recipients located outside of the EEA, some recipients are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield and others are located in countries with adequacy decisions pursuant to Art. 45 of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) (in particular, Canada, Switzerland, Israel) and, in each case, the transfer is thereby recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection from a European data protection law perspective.
Other recipients might be located in countries, such as the USA, which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a European data protection law perspective. We will take all necessary measures to ensure that transfers out of the EEA are adequately protected as required by applicable data protection law. With respect to transfers to countries not providing an adequate level of data protection, we will base the transfer on appropriate safeguards, such as standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission or by a supervisory authority (Art. 46(2)(c) or (d) GDPR), approved codes of conduct together with binding and enforceable commitments of the recipient(Art. 46 (2)(e) GDPR), or approved certification mechanisms together with binding and enforceable commitments of the recipient (Art. 46 (2)(f) GDPR). You can ask for a copy of such appropriate safeguards by contacting us as set out below.
9. Retention Period – How long do we keep your personal data?
Your personal data will be retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and to provide you with the services and products requested. With regard to personal data collected using Google Analytics as discussed above, that information will be retained for 26 months after your last activity on the Site. Your newsletter registration data will be deleted if and after you inform us that you no longer want to receive marketing information from us.
If we are required by applicable law to retain certain of your personal data, we will not delete it. We may also retain your personal data if we need your personal data to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim, on a need to know basis only. To the extent possible, we will restrict the processing of your personal data for such limited purposes after the termination of the contractual relationship.
10. Additional Rights for EEA Users – What rights do you have and how can you assert your rights?
Site users located in the EEA have the following rights:
Right to withdraw your consent: If you have declared your consent regarding certain collecting, processing and use of your personal data (in particular, regarding the receipt of direct marketing communication via email and telephone), you can withdraw this consent at any time with future effect. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the consent withdrawal. You can withdraw your consent by emailing dataprivacy@rexnord.com with a description of the consent(s) that you are withdrawing. Further, you can object to the use of your personal data for the purposes of marketing without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs.
Additional data privacy rights: Pursuant to applicable data protection law, you may have the right to: (a) request access to your personal data; (b) request rectification of your personal data; (c) request erasure of your personal data; (d) request restriction of processing of your personal data; (v) request data portability; and/or (e) object to the processing of your personal data (including objection to profiling).
Please note that these aforementioned rights might be limited under the applicable local data protection law. Below please find further information on your rights to the extent that the GDPR applies:
Right to request access to your personal data: As provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the personal data. This access information includes without limitation the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed. However, this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict your right of access. You may have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing free of charge. For further copies requested by you, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
Right to request rectification: As provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you may have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to request erasure (right to be forgotten): As provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you and we may be obliged to erase such personal data.
Right to request restriction of processing: As provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing your personal data. In such case, the respective data will be marked and may only be processed by us for certain purposes.
Right to request data portability: As provided by applicable data protection law, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to transmit those data to another entity without hindrance from us.
Right to object:
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data by us and we are required to no longer process your personal data. Such right to object may especially apply if we collect and process your personal data for profiling purposes in order to better understand your interests in our products and services or for direct marketing.
If you have a right to object and you exercise this right, your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes by us. You may exercise this right by contacting us as stated below.
Such a right to object may, in particular, not exist if the processing of your personal data is necessary to take steps prior to entering into a contract or to perform a contract already concluded.
To exercise your rights, please contact us as stated below. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority in the relevant Member State (e.g., the place where you reside, work, or of an alleged infringement of the GDPR).
11. Information Security
World Dryer does not guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of Collected Information will not occur, but we have appropriate technical and organizational security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control. The storage and communication of information can never be completely secure, so we do not guarantee that communications or other information that you provide or that are otherwise provided to us will be completely secure. If you become aware of any breach of Site security or this Privacy Policy, please notify us at dataprivacy@rexnord.com immediately. If our security system is breached, we will notify you of the breach only if and to the extent required under applicable law.
12. Access by Children
The Site is not directed at children under 16 years of age. World Dryer does not knowingly collect or use information from children under 16 through the Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal data to us through the Site, please contact us at dataprivacy@rexnord.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
13. Third-Party Websites
The Site may link to, or be linked to, websites not maintained or controlled by World Dryer. World Dryer is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third parties or any third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites or to any personal or other information that you may provide to third parties. You should read the privacy policy for each website that you visit.
14. Questions and Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at by mail at World Dryer Corporation, 340 County Line Road, Bensenville, Illinois 60106, USA; by email at: info@worlddryer.com; by telephone at: 800-323-0701; or, if you want to exercise any of your rights as stated above, please contact us at the above postal address or email: ebusiness@rexnord.com.
Alternatively, you can contact our Data Protection Coordinator at the following contact details: Dr. Stefan Greving at dataprivacy@rexnord.com.
Home
Products
Hand Dryers
HEPA-Filtered VERDEdri®
SMARTdri®
SLIMdri®
HEPA-Filtered VMax V2
Airforce®
eXtremeAir GXT
eXtremeAir EXT
Model A Series
AirMax®
Nova Series
Airspeed®
Electric-Aire LN®
NoTouch®
Advantage AD®
Global GX
View All
Hair Dryers
AirStyle Model B®
AirStyle Model RB
View All
Baby Changing Stations
DryBaby ABC 300V
DryBaby ABC-300H
DryBaby ABC-300HS
DryBaby ABC-300HSR
View All
Customers
Business Owners
Architects
Contractors
Distributors
Customer Stories
Tools
Buying Guide Tool
Savings Calculator
Specification Tools
Our Company
About Us
Events
Blog
Customer Stories
Media
News
Contact
Find a Rep
Contact World Dryer
Support
Register Warranty
GSA Contract Information
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use