http://www.nancytalks.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY | Nancy McLemore voice over | MORE of what really matters
205-777-8709
nancy@nancytalks.com
Home
Demos
Videos
Clients
Studio
Contact
Select Page
Nancy McLemore
Voiceover
MORE of what really matters.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how [https://nancytalks.com/] uses and protects any information that you have provided to [https://nancytalks.com/] when using this website. [Nancy McLemore] is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. [Nancy McLemore] may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from [May 25, 2018] in accordance with GDPR legislation.
What is done with the personal information that you provide in this site contact form or in signing up for a newsletter
When signing up for a MailChimp newsletter or communicating with this site in any way by providing contact information via newsletter signup or site contact form containing personal details is done at the risk of those submitting their personal information. The contact information provided is not used for any purpose other than occasionally sending out a newsletter or book promotion. Your information is safe and you can unsubscribe from MailChimp by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of the MailChimp Newsletter. Once you unsubscribe from a newsletter sign up, your information is permanently deleted. This website and its owner use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This does include using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates without your expressed permission. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties. You do have the right to contact us and inquire about information that you’ve provided whether it is to change or remove information provided.
We use this information to occasionally send out promotions pertaining only to what is exhibited on our website. Your personal information is not used for any other reason and is not provided to any third party application.
How cookies are used
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
After visiting this site, the fact that you have visited stays in the system for 30 days, sometimes longer. No personal data is collected, stored or saved. Your personal data is not used to profile those who access this website.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. Google’s privacy policy [https://policies.google.com/privacy].
Social media accounts
With regard to Social Media links clicked on from [https://nancytalks.com/], [Nancy McLemore] is in no way responsible for privacy in clicking from [https://nancytalks.com/] to any Social Media account or external links from [https://nancytalks.com/] to an external website. You do so at your own risk.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website; therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
You may request details of personal information which you have provided to us. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held, send email to: nancymctalks@gmail.com If you believe that any information that you’ve provided through this site is incorrect or incomplete, please send an email to us as soon as possible to the above email address. Your information will be promptly corrected or removed at your request.