http://www.tntfireworks.com/ca-privacy
Subscribe
Get The App
store
finder
ES
EN
Toggle navigation
Fireworks
Trending NowNew FireworksMaximum ChargeAssortmentsAerials & FinalesReloadablesFountainsRoman CandlesRocketsFirecrackersNovelties & SparklersCaliforniaSupercenter ItemsBuy Online
Locations
Coupons
Fundraising
Wholesale
Sweepstakes
Buy Online
Newsletter
TNT Club
Sweepstakes
Catalog
Wholesale
Guarantee
Safety
Privacy
Contact Us
NewsletterTNT ClubSweepstakesCatalogWholesaleGuaranteeSafetyPrivacyContact Us
California Privacy
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Effective: December 31, 2019
Updated: December 18, 2019
Introduction
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements that certain Privacy Policy of American Promotional Events, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, "we", "us", and "our" hereinafter) found on the following link:
https://www.tntfireworks.com/privacy
and applies to those users and visitors who reside in the State of California, within the United States of America (collectively, "consumer", "you" and "your" hereinafter). We adopt this Privacy Notice for California Residents in order to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA") and any regulations prescribed thereto, regardless of whether now or hereinafter in effect. Any terms defined in the CCPA shall have the same meanings herein as prescribed therein.
Personal Information
We collect information that describes, identifies, references, relates to, and/or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you (collectively, "Personal Information"). Personal Information that we collect about or from you, and/or have collected about or from you in the past twelve (12) months, includes the following:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Internet Protocol address
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code.
§
1798.80(e))
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Name is collected on some form submissions
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
D. Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
E. Biometric Information
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.
Yes
H. Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences draw from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
Personal Information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information that is excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act ("CMIA"); or personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FRCA"), the Gramm-Leach-Bailey Act ("GLBA"), the California Financial Information Privacy Act ("FIPA"), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Sources of Personal Information
We collected the categories of Personal Information identified above from one or more of the following sources:
You.
Use of Personal Information
We may use the categories of Personal Information identified above for one or more the following business purposes:
To advertise or market our goods and services to you.
To carry out our obligations, and to enforce our rights if necessary, arising from any contract(s) entered into between you and us.
To contact you in accordance with the reason for which the Personal Information is/was provided.
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the Personal Information is/was provided.
To improve our website and its contents for you.
To process your requests for information and to respond accordingly.
To provide you with email alerts or other updates concerning our good and services that may be of interest to you.
To provide you with information that you request from us.
To respond to law enforcement requests as required by applicable law or court order.
As appropriate to protect the property, rights, and safety of us and others.
As described to you when collecting your Personal Information, or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
Sale of Personal Information
We will not sell your Personal Information to a third party, and we have not sold any Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share your Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose. Third parties to which we may share your Personal Information includes the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates or subsidiaries.
Our Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to share your Personal Information with in connection with goods or services.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have shared the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your rights and explains how to exercise your rights.
Access to Personal Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Therefore, once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the following:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
The sources of the Personal Information we collected about you;
Our business purpose for collecting your Personal Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share your Personal Information, if any; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (a
"Data Portability Request"
).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the Personal Information is necessary to comply with any legal obligation imposed (or reasonably foreseeable to be imposed) on us.
Exercising Access to Personal Information, Data Portability, and Deletion Request Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, or deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by:
Telephone at: 800-243-1189
Email at:
info@tntfireworks.com
Mail at Attn: TNT California Privacy Policy, American Promotional Events, Inc., 4511 Helton Drive, Florence, Alabama 35630.
Please be advised that only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a twelve (12) month period.
Your verifiable consumer request must: (1) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person whom we collected Personal Information (or that you are an authorized representative thereof); and (2) describe your request in sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond it.
Response Time
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more than forty-five (45) days, up to ninety (90) days, we will inform you of the reason why and of the extension in writing. We will either deliver our written response to you electronically (such as through e-mail) on through the mail (such as through the United States Postal Service). Any disclosures we provide to you will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding our receipt of the verifiable consumer request. If we cannot comply with a verifiable consumer request, our response will inform you of the reason why, to the extent that doing so does not waive any applicable privilege afforded to us.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request, unless it is excessive, repetitive, or unfounded. If we determine that your verifiable consumer request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reason why and provide you with a cost estimate before proceeding.
Non-Discrimination Statement
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. For example, if you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you with a different quality or level of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend, modify or otherwise change our Privacy Notice at any time, within our absolute and sole discretion, by posting a revised version of our Privacy Notice on our website. When we make changes to our Privacy Notice, such will be identified by the "Effective Date" of our Privacy Notice.
Contact Information
If you have any comments or questions regarding this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
Email:
info@tntfireworks.com
Phone:
800-243-1189
Mail:
Attn: TNT California Privacy Policy
American Promotional Events, Inc.
4511 Helton Drive
Florence, Alabama 35630
Website:
www.tntfireworks.com
Back to Privacy Policy
Fireworks
Trending Now
New Fireworks
Maximum Charge
Assortments
Aerials & Finales
Reloadables
Fountains
Roman Candles
Rockets
Firecrackers
Novelties & Sparklers
California
Supercenter Items
Buy Online
Locations
Buy Online
United States
United Kingdom
Puerto Rico
Coupons
Request a Coupon
Connect
Newsletter
TNT Club
Sweepstakes
Catalog
Wholesale
Company History
Guarantee
Contest Rules
Safety
Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Earn Money Selling Fireworks
©
2020
TNT FIREWORKS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.