http://www.painterbrothers.com/services/legal/
Jump to main content (accesskey s)
Jump to site navigation
Jump to site index (accesskey 3)
Jump to accessibility statement (accesskey 0)
About us
Our services
Showcase
Crossrail West Outer Electrification Structures
London Power Tunnels
Crystal Palace Television Tower
Beauly Denny 400kV Overhead Line Construction
Skylon
Contact us
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more about how we use cookies
Close message
Services
Search
Site index
Help
Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies
Legal
Legal
Access to and use of any part or page of www.painterbrothers.com (the “website”) is provided by Balfour Beatty plc (“Balfour Beatty”) on behalf of Painter Brothers Limited (“Painter Brothers”), a subsidiary of Balfour Beatty Group Limited on the terms below. These pages are published by Painter Brothers.By using the website, you agree to be bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of the website.
If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following terms please do not access, use and/or contribute to the website. Balfour Beatty may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these terms regularly. Your continued use of the website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using the Website.
You agree to use the website only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of Painter Brothers or restrict or inhibit anyone else's rights, use or enjoyment of the website. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within the Website.
Intellectual Property
Copyright in the software coding and functionality of the website is owned by Addison Corporate Marketing Limited. In all other respects save as set out below, all copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents, database rights and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on the Website and all content (including all applications) located on the website shall remain vested in  Balfour Beatty or their respective licensors (which includes other users). You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use website content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. All other use is prohibited. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any Website content except for your own personal, non-commercial use.
Copyright in any contributions you choose to make as part of any discussion forum or website community on the website will remain with you and this permission is not exclusive, so you can continue to use the material in any way including allowing others to use it
Limitation of liability
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Content and information provided by third parties other than Painter Brothers is identified clearly where it appears. We publish this content as supplied to us and are not responsible for its accuracy or timeliness. You must take appropriate steps to verify this information before acting upon it. Although we have taken every care when putting together this Website, and have tried to make sure the information it contains is up to date and accurate, we cannot guarantee that it is all correct. Painter Brothers, Balfour Beatty and/or any third parties do not provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this Website for any particular purpose and you use the Website at your own risk. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and Painter Brothers, Balfour Beatty and its group companies expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Painter Brothers does not warrant that functions available on the website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the website or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
Neither Painter Brothers nor Balfour Beatty nor its group companies are responsible for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through the website. Any links to third party websites from the website are provided for convenience only and do not amount to any endorsement of that site by Painter Brothers, Balfour Beatty or its group companies and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.
The information contained on the website is not an invitation to invest in the shares, or any other products or services or otherwise deal in these or enter into a contract with Painter Brothers or any other company. The information provided should not be relied upon in connection with any investment decision.
The past performance of Painter Brothers or any other company referred to on the website cannot be relied upon as a guide to its future performance. The price of shares and the income derived from them can go down as well as up and investors may not recoup the amount originally invested.
Any reference to any product or service which has been or may be provided by Painter Brothers or any other company does not amount to a promise that such product or service will be available at any time. Changes to or improvements in such products or services may be made at any time without notice.
User Generated Content
Content posted in any discussion forums or website communities that are part of this website may be created by members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of Painter Brothers. Neither Painter Brothers nor Balfour Beatty nor its group companies are responsible for any content posted by members of the public on the Website.
If you wish to engage in any discussion forums that are part of this website, you must accept the Terms and Conditions of Use – User Generated Content.
Any personal information you supply to the website will be collected, stored and used in accordance with Painter Brother’s Privacy Statement.
These conditions of use are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you agree that the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute.
To the extent that any part of these conditions of use is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction such part shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms all of which shall remain in full force and effect as permitted by law.
The failure or delay of Painter Brothers to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive Painter Brother’s right to enforce that right.