https://www.upperquadrant.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
Terms of Servicesrakestraw2019-08-20T13:36:01-04:00
Terms of Service
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, groups, walls, widgets (the “Services”), and any information, text, graphics, photos or other materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). Your access to and use of the Services are conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.
1. Basic Terms
You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you post to the Services, and for any consequences thereof. The Content you submit, post, or display will be able to be viewed by other users of the Services. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others and that is acceptable within the parameters your company may set under these Terms. You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with Upper Quadrant, Inc. and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.
The Services that Upper Quadrant, Inc. provides are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services that Upper Quadrant, Inc. provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you. In addition, Upper Quadrant, Inc. may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally and may not be able to provide you with prior notice. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time without prior notice to you. Upper Quadrant, Inc. may offer different versions of the Services that have varying features, functionalities, components, and specifications, may track and compare usage of each version, and has the sole discretion to determine which version is provided to you.
The Services may include links to third party websites, which may be targeted to the Content or information on the Services, queries made through the Services, or other information. Upper Quadrant, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any third party websites or services. You agree that Upper Quadrant, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused in connection with use or reliance on any content, goods, or services available on or through any third party websites or services.
2. Privacy
Any information that you provide to Upper Quadrant, Inc. is subject to our Privacy Policy , which governs our collection and use of your information. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Upper Quadrant, Inc. As part of providing you the Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your Upper Quadrant, Inc. account and you may not opt out of receiving these messages.
3. Passwords
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Services and for any activities or actions taken under your password. We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your account. Upper Quadrant, Inc. cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password. Sharing of an account password among multiple users is strictly forbidden and may result in immediate termination of your account.
4. Content on the Services
All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and we cannot take responsibility for such Content. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. Under no circumstances will Upper Quadrant, Inc. be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Services or broadcast elsewhere.
5. Your Rights
You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). You agree that this license includes the right for Upper Quadrant, Inc. to provide, promote, and improve the Services.
Such additional uses by Upper Quadrant, Inc., or other companies, organizations or individuals who partner with Upper Quadrant, Inc., may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services. We may modify or adapt your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks and in various media and/or make changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to any requirements or limitations of any networks, devices, services or media.
You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you provide, and for any consequences thereof, including the use of your Content by other users and your third-party partners. Upper Quadrant, Inc. will not be responsible or liable for any use of your Content by Upper Quadrant, Inc. in accordance with these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content that you submit.
6. Your License to Use the Services
Upper Quadrant, Inc. gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software that is provided to you by Upper Quadrant, Inc. as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by Upper Quadrant, Inc., in the manner permitted by these Terms.
7. Upper Quadrant, Inc.’s Rights
All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of Upper Quadrant, Inc. and its licensors. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Upper Quadrant, Inc. name or any of the Upper Quadrant, Inc. trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Upper Quadrant, Inc, or the Services is entirely voluntary, and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
8. Restrictions on Content and Use of the Service
We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, to suspend or terminate users, and to reclaim usernames without liability to you. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Upper Quadrant, Inc, its users and the public. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Upper Quadrant, Inc.’s. computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Upper Quadrant, Inc.’ s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Upper Quadrant, Inc. (and only pursuant to those terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Upper Quadrant, Inc. (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Upper Quadrant, Inc is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt (or attempt to do so) the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.
9. Copyright Policy
Upper Quadrant, Inc. respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us. If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you. In appropriate circumstances, Upper Quadrant, Inc. will also terminate a user’s account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer. Our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement appearing on the Services is:
Upper Quadrant, Inc.
1930 Isaac Newton Square
Suite 160
Reston, VA 20190
Attention: General Counsel
10. Commerce Terms
A. General
Upper Quadrant, Inc. may provide core or ancillary parts of the Services to you free of charge. Other core or ancillary parts of the Services may require payment before you can access them. Upper Quadrant, Inc. may permit you to use the Services to collect funds from other users. To purchase any parts of the Services, to use Upper Quadrant, Inc. to collect funds, or to engage in any transactions requiring the use of a credit or debit card, you agree that you will be bound by these Commerce Terms, the Terms of Service, and all applicable laws and regulations as of the date of the transaction. If you are an individual representing an entity, you acknowledge that you have the appropriate authority to accept these terms on behalf of that entity.
B. Upper Quadrant, Inc. as Platform
Upper Quadrant, Inc. does not create the content integrated with the Services by third parties. We are not responsible or liable for any content provided by a third party and do not warrant it is accurate, complete, error-free, or reliable. Upper Quadrant, Inc., has the right, but no obligation, to monitor, edit, or remove any content posted in the Services. Upper Quadrant, Inc., does not endorse, sponsor, recommend, or make any guarantees about third parties or their posted content, nor does any reference to products, services, processes, or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise constitute or imply Upper Quadrant, Inc.’s endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof.
11. Ending These Terms
The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Upper Quadrant, Inc. as follows.
You may end your legal agreement with Upper Quadrant, Inc. at any time for any reason by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. You do not need to specifically inform Upper Quadrant, Inc. when you stop using the Services. If you stop using the Services without deactivating your accounts, your accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity of 90 days or more at our discretion.
We may suspend or terminate your accounts or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms; or (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; or (iii) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, and 13. Nothing in this section shall affect Upper Quadrant, Inc.’s rights to change, limit or stop the provision of the Services without prior notice, as provided above in section 1.
12. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
Please read this section carefully since it limits the liability of Upper Quadrant, Inc. and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (collectively, the “Upper Quadrant, Inc. Entities”). Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you. Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited.
A. The Services are Available “AS-IS”
Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, UPPER QUADRANT, INC. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Upper Quadrant, Inc. makes no warranty and disclaims all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from Upper Quadrant, Inc. or through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.
B. Links
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the Upper Quadrant, Inc. is not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by Upper Quadrant, Inc. Entities of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
C. Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE UPPER QUADRANT, INC.ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXAMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE UPPER QUADRANT, INC. ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID UPPER QUADRANT, INC., IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS, AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE UPPER QUADRANT, INC. ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SUCH LIMITATION WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY MODIFIED, BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT SO AS TO MAKE THE LIMITATION COMPLIANT WITH APPLICABLE LAW. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITIES SET FORTH HEREIN ARE AGREED ALLOCATIONS OF RISK AND SUCH LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.
13. General Terms
A. Waiver and Severability
The failure of Upper Quadrant, Inc. to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
B. Controlling Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.
C. Entire Agreement
These Terms, our Privacy Policy and Master Services Agreement and associated Statement(s) of Work are the entire and exclusive agreement between Upper Quadrant, Inc. and you regarding the Services (excluding any services for which you have a separate agreement with Upper Quadrant, Inc. that is explicitly in addition to or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements between Upper Quadrant, Inc. and you regarding the Services. Other than members of the group of companies of which Upper Quadrant, Inc. is the parent, no other person or company will be third party beneficiaries to the Terms. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
Go to Top