http://www.ihrim.org/ihrim-privacy-policy
Policy Highlights
Who We Are:
The International Association for Human Resource Information Management (“IHRIM”) is a volunteer-driven professional membership association incorporated as a 501(c)(6) organization in the State of California.
Scope of Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information about you that IHRIM acquires through your interactions with us.
How to Contact Us
IHRIM, Inc.
7931 S Broadway #310
Littleton, CO 80122
information@ihrim.org
Personal Information
We acquire your personal information:
by your use of the ihrim.org website
from our third-party agents that you interact with
by your communications with IHRIM.
Sharing and Uses
We share some personal information we acquire with our third-party agents, limited to information they need to provide services to us
We do not sell or disclose personal information we acquire to third parties for their own use, apart from selling a hard copy mailing list for one-time use
We use your personal information to provide products, services and meaningful content to you, and to support networking, community-building and the sharing of expert knowledge.
Choices and Consent
You determine what personal information you will provide to IHRIM or its third-party agents
You may access, correct or delete your membership information, and control the categories of communications you receive from IHRIM via e-mail, via online access to our website
The legal basis for our processing of your information is your consent.
Important Information
IHRIM recognizes and respects your privacy rights
We will cooperate with you to address any privacy questions, concerns or complaints you may have
We will not make material changes to this Privacy Policy without first asking for your consent
Personal information held by IHRIM will be stored on computers and servers located primarily in the U.S.
IHRIM Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Information Covered by This Policy
Personal Information We Collect
Why We Collect This Information
Disclosures to Third Party Agents
Disclosures to Other Third Parties
How We Safeguard Your Information
Access to Your Information within IHRIM
Your Access and Correction Rights
Storage of Your Information
Questions or Complaints
Changes to This Privacy Policy
1. Our Commitment to Your Privacy
As the leading professional association focusing on HR information, we understand that the full value of that information can only be realized when the privacy of individuals in the employment context is protected. We apply that same understanding to protecting your privacy as a member, customer or website visitor.
2. Information Covered by This Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information about you that IHRIM collects and stores by providing you with its website, that we receive from our third party agents, or that you communicate to us. For purposes of this policy, personal information is any information relating to you that identifies you or, in combination with other information, allows you to be identified.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information that you may provide when you access the website of one of our third-party agents, such as Abila, Avectra or YourMembership, through a link on this website. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of each third-party agent site you visit.
3. Personal Information We Collect
Personal information that we collect directly from you includes:
your name, job title, employer, mailing address, phone, fax, email address and social media names when you join as a member
similar contact and relevant information when you volunteer, join a committee or submit a speaker’s proposal
your email address when you register as a visitor.
Personal information that we collect indirectly from you includes:
information about your usage of the website, such as how you navigate the website and which features or functionality you use
technical information, such as your IP address, browser type, time zone setting and operating system.
Personal information that we obtain from third party agents includes:
your name, job title, employer, mailing address, phone and email address when you register for an educational event, apply for certification, or join an IHRIM Community.
We do not obtain your personal credit card information when you purchase a product or service, or any personal information about your use of our Career Center. Such information is collected and held strictly by our third-party agents.
4. Why We Collect This Information
Personal information collected directly from you or from a third-party agent is needed to:
provide you with products, services and meaningful content
support networking, community-building and the sharing of expert knowledge
facilitate your receipt of industry- and IHRIM-related news and updates
allow you to establish, maintain or close a membership account with us
follow-up on your interest in volunteering, speaking, or joining an IHRIM Community
provide our Board of Directors with the information they need to strategize and plan the future of IHRIM and its activities
respond to any inquiries or feedback you send to us.
Personal information collected indirectly from you when you use the IHRIM website is needed to assess and improve how users navigate and utilize the website.
5. Disclosures to Third Party Agents
We share only the limited amounts of your personal information, such as your name, e-mail address and membership status, with our third-party agents (e.g., Abila, Avectra, YourMembership) that they need to provide services such as event registration and the operation of a membership database. We do not provide them with this information for their own use.
6. Disclosures to Other Third Parties
We do not sell or disclose personal information we acquire to advertisers or other third parties for their own use, with a few exceptions.
From time to time we sell hard copy mailing lists containing your name and postal mailing address to third parties for their one-time use.
Under extraordinary circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to a third party in response to:
a physical threat to you or to others, to protect property or to defend or assert legal rights
a court order, search warrant, subpoena or other legal action that we reasonably deem to be valid
lawful requests by public authorities, for the purpose of meeting national security or law enforcement requirements.
Should any of these extraordinary events occur, we will attempt to notify you through the e-mail address you have provided, unless doing so would violate a law or court order.
7. How We Safeguard Your Information
Because IHRIM is a volunteer-driven organization with limited staff, we make extensive use of vetted and reliable third-party agents to help us collect, store and utilize personal information needed to carryout our educational and networking activities and to offer products and services to members and non-members alike. These agents, whose identity can be determined by examining the URLs on any of our website pages, protect and safeguard your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. We encourage you to review these policies should you have any concerns about how these agents handle your personal information.
Amongst the safeguards for your personal information that IHRIM itself provides are the following:
To host our website, ihrim.org, we have selected a well-known and reliable third party hosting service that host millions of websites and has appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration
Our website is administered by a third-party marketing firm that is contractually bound to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and not use it for their own purposes
Our website uses SSL encryption to secure all personal information you enter when using it
Access to the IHRIM website by members is secured by CAPTCHA-verified log-in credentials that you control
We minimize the amount of personal information we collect directly from you largely to business contact data
Our third-party agents also minimize the amount of personal information they collect from you on our behalf, limiting it to business contact data; information needed to order, purchase and receive our products and services; information about your professional interests; and miscellaneous related data
We do not handle or receive any credit card information or personal information about your responses to job postings from our third-party agents
IHRIM staff who need to use your personal information to carry out their responsibilities obtain it largely from our third-party agents and then use either off-line software packages, such as Excel, or independent online services, such as Google Forms, to work with the information
IHRIM staff is obligated to follow this Privacy Policy in handling your personal information and may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination, if they fail to meet these obligations.
These safeguards notwithstanding, as is well-known to human resources information technology professionals, no data transmitted or available over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, IHRIM cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
8. Access to Your Information within IHRIM
Access to the personal information obtained either directly by IHRIM or by our third-party agents is strictly limited on a least-privilege, as-needed basis to IHRIM staff, IHRIM board members, affiliate and community board members, and volunteers. Decisions about granting such access are made by IHRIM staff in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to the oversight and approval of the IHRIM board.
As an example of the least-privilege, as-needed access criteria we adhere to, personal information about your interest in, or application for, jobs posted in our Career Center by third party job posting services is potentially very sensitive. Since none of the individuals mentioned above within IHRIM has a legitimate interest or need for such information, it is not made available by the job posting services to anyone within IHRIM.
Information that members enter into their personal profile may be viewed by other members via an individual directory search function. Non-members have no access to such profile information or to other personal information about you.
9. Your Access and Correction Rights
Using your log-in credentials to the ihrim.org website, you have direct access to your personal profile and to information about your events, subscriptions, orders, transactions and e-mail preferences.
You may access, correct, update or delete any or all information you have entered into your personal profile
You may subscribe or unsubscribe to any or all the categories of information IHRIM sends you by e-mail, via a link on the My Information page.
Access and correction to personal information you have provided to a third-party agent will be governed by the privacy policy of the third party.
10. Storage of Your Information
The personal information you provide to IHRIM or to our third-party agents is stored and maintained on servers located primarily within the United States.
11. Questions or Complaints
We are committed to promptly addressing any concerns you may have about the handling of your personal information by IHRIM. Questions, concerns or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or IHRIM’s handling of your personal information should be directed to:
IHRIM, Inc.
7931 S Broadway #310
Littleton, CO 80122
USA
or sent by email to: information@ihrim.org.
IHRIM will acknowledge and respond to questions, concerns or complaints within 30 days.
Individuals residing in countries with national data protection laws, such as in Europe, may contact their national data protection or privacy commissioner for assistance if they do not receive a satisfactory response from IHRIM to a complaint.
12. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change or modify portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time.
However, before expanding the uses or disclosures of your personal information or making other material changes that would affect personal information already collected, we will notify you of the proposed changes, via the e-mail address that you have provided, and seek your consent for such changes.
The date of any change, along with a brief description of the change, will be posted at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
Issue date:
1/10/2019 – IHRIM address change
0