http://www.stockscores.com/about/privacy-policy/
About
Who We Are?
My Account
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
PricingLoginGet the Stockscores
Privacy Policy
No Spam
We hate spam, and we do not contribute to the furtherance of spam by selling, renting, loaning or in any way distributing your contact information to others. We don't inundate you with a bunch of unwanted email when you provide us with your email address. We will, from time to time, let you know about features or ways to utilize Stockscores, but if you ever don't want to hear from us any more, send us an email requesting that you be removed (using the Feedback tool) and we will do so right away.
Stockscores.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Any personal information you supply through Stockscores.com will not be disclosed to any third party, except for information used in aggregate form for the purpose of compiling demographic information. This aggregate demographic information regarding our viewers is valuable to advertisers, clients and sponsors and thus supports the many free features of Stockscores.com. No individual information will be disclosed to others when you fill out a survey, register with, request information, or contact us. We will not identify personal characteristics of single users to any third parties.
Exceptions to this policy include:
Use of "cookies". Creation of a cookie improves the quality of your visit to Stockscores.com. A "cookie" is a small file that Stockscores.com downloads to your personal computer. This file stores your member name and password and allows Stockscores.com to automatically identify you when you access Stockscores.com from the computer you are currently using. This makes your access faster and allows us to provide you with customized information you may have registered to view or use. Nothing in a cookie can identify you individually.
Personal information required to provide customized services. This includes data which you may supply so that we can allow you to personalize certain features of Stockscores.com. In order to personalize certain tools, it is necessary to identify your individual account from session to session and this requires that we maintain a log of user names, passwords and email addresses. If you prefer not to register for any of these specialized services, you can still visit and access most of the features of Stockscores.com.
Signing up for mailing or contact lists. When you register either with Stockscores.com's Club and/or with a public company client whose site is hosted, maintained or featured by us, and request more information, or request to be included on a mailing list of Stockscores.com or any mailing list or contact list of any company, service, advertiser or sponsor found on Stockscores.com.
E-commerce transactions. Any e-commerce transactions that may require information such as credit card number or other personal information that is forwarded to the appropriate vendor or merchant for processing.
Compliance with legal and/or regulatory authorities. Stockscores.com reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws, regulations and lawful requests from legal or regulatory authorities, or to protect itself or its users. Where practical, Stockscores.com will use reasonable efforts to attempt to contact the individual to obtain their prior consent before disclosing individually identifiable information.
Postings on Forums. Each posting in the discussion forum area includes an IP Verification number that identifies the numerical Internet address of the person who has done the posting. This practice helps Forum users cull postings and differentiate between posters who are posting under different names or aliases.
Stockscores.com makes no representations or warranties as to the privacy policies of any of its clients, advertisers, sponsors, links on site, partners and suppliers found on Stockscores.com.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. Our third-party advertising company also separately places or recognizes a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.e or information about the Stockscores Website and access software that may be imposed from time to time by the government of Canada. You agree that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity to which such export is prohibited. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding import or export of the Stockscores Website and access software.
No Conflicting Terms.
If there is any conflict between this Agreement, any purchase order, any help text, manuals or other documents relating to the Stockscores Website, this Agreement shall govern, whether such order or other documents is prior to or subsequent to this Agreement, or is signed or acknowledged by any director, officer, employee, representative or agent of Stockscores.
Attorney's Fees.
If Stockscores takes action (by itself or through its representatives) to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement, including collection of any amounts due hereunder, in addition to all sums to which it is entitled or any other relief, at law or in equity, Stockscores shall be entitled to recover from you and you agree to pay, reasonable and necessary attorney's fees and all costs of any litigation.
Governing Law; Limitations; Venue.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Alberta, excluding any rule or principle that would refer to and apply the substantive law of another province or jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by applicable law, any claims or causes of action arising from or relating to your access and use of the Stockscores Website contemplated by this Agreement must be instituted within two (2) years from the date upon which such claim or cause arose or was accrued. Further, any such claim or cause of action may only be brought in the provincial or federal courts located in Calgary, Alberta, and you agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful or unenforceable in any respect, the court shall reform such provision so as to render it enforceable (or, if it is not possible to reform such provision so as to make it enforceable, then delete such provision); and, as so reformed or modified, fully enforce this Agreement.
Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof, and no other agreement as to such subject matter, written or oral, exists.
Changes.
Stockscores and its licensors reserve the right to make changes or modifications to the Stockscores Website and this Agreement. Display of notice of changes online at Stockscores' website where you access the Stockscores Website shall constitute effective notice under this Agreement on the day Stockscores places the changes on-line on its website, and your continued use of the Stockscores Website thereafter shall constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications.