http://www.actua.com/privacy/
Google+
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Online Privacy Statement describes how Actua Corporation (“Actua”, “we” or “us”) gathers and uses information about your interaction with this website (the “Site”). This Online Privacy Statement concerns only the Site, and not to any off-line communications between you and Actua.
Please read this Online Privacy Statement carefully. Your use of the Site is also governed by the Site Terms and Conditions of use.
In the event that you have any questions or concerns about the guidelines set forth in this Online Privacy Statement or how we use information about your interaction with the Site, please contact us by e-mail at info@actua.com, or by mail at Actua Corporation, 555 East Lancaster Road, Suite 640, Radnor, PA 19087, Attention: General Counsel.
The Types of Information We Collect About You
When you visit and browse the Site, we collect two different types of information about you: information you provide to us, and information we collect through technology.
1. Information You Provide to Us
In order to obtain access to certain services provided through the Site, including requesting information regarding Actua and/or its companies directly from Actua via the Site or receiving periodic updates about Actua or its companies, you may be required to provide personally identifiable information to us, such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, facsimile number and investor status. We will require you to opt in to receive these services and communications, and you will have an opportunity to opt out at any time. If you choose not to provide this information, we may not be able to provide information to you, or you may not be able to access such information and services.
2. Information We Collect Through Technology
We also collect information about you through technology. For example, when you visit the Site, your IP address is available to us (an IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet, such as your Internet service provider, your company, or your university). Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we may also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the manner and frequency with which visitors browse various parts of the Site.
The Site uses cookies, which are pieces of information that a website deposits on your Web browser on your computer when and while you visit the Site. We use cookies to make it easier for you to use the Site. For instance, when you return to the Site, cookies provide information to the Site so that the Site will remember that you have visited before. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your Web browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to, or may have difficulty using, features that may make your browsing of the Site smoother, and some of our services may not function properly.
The Site also uses other technical methods to track visitor usage, and to analyze the traffic patterns on our website, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts the Site. We may use the products or services of third parties to facilitate our analysis of the use of the Site. Site usage information may be collected by the services providers, which in turn provide us with reports describing the use of the Site.
How We Use Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From You
We use personally identifiable information you provide to use to provide services and information that you have requested. We do not sell, rent or license your personal information to third parties.
Although we do not sell, rent or license your personal information to third parties for their use, we may use or share with third party contractors certain personally identifiable information you have provided to us to enable us to process your requests for forms or other literature or information, to prepare investor disclosure materials, to send you administrative communications either about your interactions with us or about features of the Site, or to deliver to you materials you have requested from us. Except as separately permitted by the guidelines of this Online Privacy Statement, we permit these companies to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or as required by law.
We also may take any personally identifiable information that we collect from you when you visit and browse the Site and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Our third party contractors may assist us in aggregating or de-personalizing this information. We reserve the right to use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information.
Additional Ways Personally Identifiable Information May be Disclosed
We will disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (1) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (2) will (a) help to enforce our Terms of Use, (b) protect your safety or security (including the safety and security of property that belongs to you) and/or (c) protect the safety and security of our Site, databases, and/or third parties (including the safety and security of tangible and/or intangible property that belongs to us or to third parties).
The Security Measures We Take to Safeguard Your Personally Identifiable Information
The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented security measures to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access, alteration or use. We or our service providers maintain physical and electronic security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data. Given the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that the steps that we and our contractors have taken will be adequate to prevent unauthorized access to our systems or data.
Access to Information.
We will provide you with access to any personal information you have supplied to us, and will correct data that is inaccurate, or delete your data at your request if we are not otherwise required to retain the information for legal or legitimate business purposes. To access your profile at this Site, please contact us at info@actua.com.
Amendments to this Online Privacy Statement
This Online Privacy Statement is subject to change, and you should periodically review this Online Policy Statement to remain aware of these changes. In the event that we propose to do something with your personally identifiable information that is different from the purposes for which you provided that information to us, we will notify you and provide you with an opportunity to opt out.
Privacy Statement
Follow us online
Subscribe to get Actua updates in your inbox
Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
555 East Lancaster Ave
Suite 640
Radnor, PA 19087
T 610 727 6900
Investor contact:
ir@actua.com
Actua (Nasdaq: ACTA), the multi-vertical cloud company, brings the power of the cloud to vertical markets and processes. Actua is pioneering the second wave of the SaaS revolution – the vertical wave – by growing cloud businesses that are transforming their markets. With approximately 700 employees delivering unrivaled domain knowledge, agility and responsiveness to our customers, Actua’s rapidly growing vertical cloud businesses are positioned to lead this wave. For the latest information about Actua and its brands, please go to www.actua.com.
About
Board of Directors
Investors
Special Meeting of Stockholders
Transaction Information
IRS Form 8937
Quarterly Reports
SEC Filings
Report of Insider Transactions
Corporate Governance
Investor FAQs
News
Press Releases
Contact
Privacy & Security
Terms of Use
News Feed
© Copyright 2020 Actua Corporation. All Rights Reserved