http://www.carterpumps.co.uk/privacy-policy
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you engage with us for professional services, as well as when you provide information when accessing our website, or when you send us a CV in response to a current job vacancy.
For our professional services, this information may relate to your personal and financial circumstances, in order for us to help you with the activity we have been engaged by you to undertake.
For job applications, this information will relate to your personal contact details, education and skills, marital status, nationality, and CV.
For other website activity, we are compliant with EU regulations on the use of cookies. If you visit our website to read or download information, such as news stories or articles, all of the information we collect is statistical only and not personally identifiable.
Why do we need to collect and use your personal data?
The “lawful basis” we will use for the processing of your data will be one of “contractual necessity”. This will be used for the performance of our contract with you. The information we collect about you is essential for us to be able to carry out the services you require from us effectively. Without collecting your personal data we would be unable to fulfil our legal and regulatory obligations.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you in order to provide you with professional services, for which you engaged us.
Business purposes include the following:
Compliance with our legal, regulatory and corporate governance obligations and good practice
Gathering information as part of investigations by regulatory bodies or in connection with legal proceedings or requests
Ensuring business policies are adhered to (such as policies covering email and internet use)
Operational reasons, such as recording transactions, training and quality control, ensuring the confidentiality of commercially sensitive information, security vetting, credit scoring and checking.
Investigating complaints.
Marketing our business
Improving our services.
Who might we share your information with?
We will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside our group of companies.
In order to deliver our services to you effectively we may send your details to third parties such as those that we engage for professional compliance, accountancy or legal services as well as product and platform providers that we use to manage book-keeping services for you (where applicable).
Where third parties are involved in processing your data we will have a contract in place with them to ensure that the nature and purpose of the processing is clear, that they are subject to a duty of confidence in processing your data and that they will only act in accordance with our written instructions.
Where it is necessary for your personal data to be forwarded to a third party we will use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data in transit.
To fulfil our obligations in respect of prevention of money-laundering and other financial crime we may send your details to third party agencies for identity verification purposes.
How long do we keep hold of your information?
In principle, your personal data should not be held for longer than is required under the terms of our contract for services with you. However, we are subject to regulatory requirements to retain data for specified minimum periods. We also reserve the right to retain data for longer than this due to the possibility that it may be required to defend a future claim against us. We will retain your personal data for a minimum of 7 years.
You have the right to request deletion of your personal data. We will comply with this request, subject to the restrictions of our regulatory obligations and legitimate interests as noted above.
How can I access the information you hold about me?
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us using the contact details noted below.
When your personal data is processed by automated means you have the right to ask us to move your personal data to another organisation for their use.
We have an obligation to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. Please ask us to correct or remove any information that you think is incorrect.
What can you do if you are unhappy with how your personal data is processed?
You also have a right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection. In the UK this is:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will issue this upon request. This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you: by email at: sales@carterpumps.co.uk
Or write to us:
Carter Pumps Ltd,
Beechfield Road,
Hopton Industrial Estate,
Devizes,
Wiltshire,
SN10 2DX
Quick Contact
[contact-form-7 id="53" title="Quick Contact"]