https://www.steris-ims.co.uk/privacy/
Europe
Italy
Europe
North America
Get In Touch
For any queries give us a call today on 01332 387 100
CLOSE
Get in touch
Please complete this form with as much information as possible to ensure that we accurately respond to your enquiry, making sure that your contact addresses or numbers are accurate.
Submit
Thank You
Thank you for your enquiry to STERIS Instrument Management Services.
We aim to respond to all enquiries within 1 working day.
If your enquiry requires a more in-depth response, we will still respond to notify of that.
CLOSE
Privacy & Cookie Policy
A. PRIVACY
We really value our Customers’ privacy so we’d like to explain how we manage privacy. The information below explains how STERIS Instrument Management Services will collect and use your personal information when you visit our website or online stores.
What is personal information?
Your personal information refers to any information that is personal to you such as: your email, your name, your gender , your business organisation and any products or services you hold with us.
How does STERIS Instrument Management Services collect your personal information?
We may collect your personal information in one of the following ways:
When you register or use steris-ims.com (the “Website”) complete a call-to-action or register for Insights or STERIS University
When you are registered on the STERIS Instrument Management Services Customer relationship management or “CRM” system.
When you are registered or use the SynergyTrak system
When you contact STERIS Instrument Management Services by telephone or email.
When completing any online surveys (although you are under no obligation to complete these).
When completing any forms for transactional purposes.
What sort of personal information will STERIS Instrument Management Services collect about you?
In addition to personal details such as your name, date of birth, address, email and telephone number,
Details of transactions you make or any products or services you hold with STERIS Instrument Management Services or STERIS
Details of your shopping preferences ( such as products, purchase history, refunds issued etc )
Details of your visits to the Website
Details of when you contact STERIS Instrument Management Services by email, post or telephone. Please note that we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Any other information which we may hold on STERIS systems ( i.e SynergyTrak ) or which is available on public register
The information you provide to us will be held on our computer systems specifically our CRM and hosted on server networks in the UK and Europe on occasion these may be accessed by third parties (some of whom may be located outside of the EU. These third parties may act on our behalf or for other purposes as approved by you we will never share your data with third parties without your permission or knowledge. Examples of what third parties may use third party data processors for may include : fulfilling and order delivery, processing payment details ( including credit cards ) and credit reference agencies or postcode look ups ( to protect our Customers from fraud )
We may also use cookies or aggregated data to understand our website performance and how it is used, in order to optimise it for our Customers and prospects  ( see cookies policy below )
What does STERIS Instrument Management Services use your personal information for?
We will treat all your personal information as private and confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in certain circumstances, as set out below).
We confirm that any personal information which you provide to us will be held securely and in accordance with the registration that we have with the Data Commissioner’s Office. We will use and process your personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998/GDPR 2018 as amended from time to time, as well as any other relevant data protection or privacy legislation. The types of uses may include :
Processing any orders that you make via the Website (please note that your details may need to be passed to a third party in order for them to supply or deliver the product or service that you ordered and to process your payment details ( we do not handle payments on our own sites or servers ) we may also retain your details for a reasonable period of time after you have completed the transaction in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees or confirmations etc).
Process payments and prevent fraudulent transactions using a third party provider
Retain your personal information, preferences and details of your transactions in order to keep you informed by email, post, mobile messaging, telephone and/or through other digital means (including social media platforms) about products and services (including special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on) offered by STERIS Instrument Management Services, as well as recommending those which we feel will be of particular interest to you.
Register you on the Website and where this involves setting you up with an account, we will use your personal information to maintain and update your account (e.g. such as a change of address).
Assess and process your job application (we may retain a record of your information for a reasonable period of time following the end of our recruitment selection process for administration purposes).
Comply with our legal obligations (for example, if you purchase an instrument or item you confirm that you are a healthcare professional, that when the item is sold it complies with online and distance selling rules and that all our data is managed and processed in accordance with EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018).
In addition we only collect and process data when it is necessary for carrying out the legitimate interests of our business, performing a contract or for complying with a legal obligation. We may use personal data that you provide to us for the following purposes, including, but not limited to:
Operating, maintaining and improving our website, our services, and our products.
Following-through to deliver products or services you have requested and provide Customer service.
Processing online purchase orders and keeping you informed about the status of your order.
Considering an application for employment, including review of your supplied resume. The data may be saved in our files for future review and consideration. The data will be shared internally on a need-to-know basis, and will not be given to any third parties other than our service providers who process data on our behalf.
Allowing candidates to complete pre-employment onboarding activities upon acceptance of a job offer.
Identifying your preferences so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you.
Sending you reminders, updates, support, service bulletins, marketing messages, and requested information.
Performing analytics and conducting Customer research.
Administering online surveys either from us or through third party business partners.
Managing our everyday business needs, such as administration of the STERIS website, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms and Conditions, or to comply with the law.
Internal record keeping and decision-making within STERIS
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police (or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities) to provide your personal information or any other information we obtain about you, we are entitled do so.
You agree that you do not object to us using your personal information for any of the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of these purposes as a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Your right to be forgotten
We will not keep any of the personal information we hold about you for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary for that purpose or for those purposes. Under data protection legislation you have the right to access information held about you. We must provide this information within 72 working hours free of charge, if you choose to remove your information from our systems we must also document this and provide you with evidence we have completed this action.
How can I unsubscribe?
If at any point you no longer wish us to hold your personal information or you do not wish to receive information from us then there are a number of ways you can unsubscribe. These are as follows:
You can click onto the “unsubscribe” link in any communication that we send to you by email which will automatically unsubscribe you from that type of communication. Each “unsubscribe” link only relates to that specific type of communication (e.g. marketing communications or survey communications). This means that unsubscribing from marketing communications will not automatically unsubscribe you from our survey communications (or vice versa). Please also note that you may continue to receive communications which are already on their way to you for a short period of time while your relevant unsubscribe request is being processed.
Alternatively, you can contact our Customer services team by calling 01332 387100 Monday to Friday: 9am-10pm and Sundays: or emailing us on info@steris-ims.com
Further information
Website : www.steris-ims.com
www.steris-ims-instruments.com
www.steris-ims-animalhealth.com
You can write to our Data Information Officer
STERIS Corporation
Global Compliance
5960 Heisley Road
Mentor
Ohio 44060
United States of America
Or email : dataprotection@steris.com
B. COOKIES
We use cookies to make your steris-ims.com experience more enjoyable. If you want to better understand what cookies are Google has a good explanation please click here for information ( be advised this will take you out of our website)
Here’s a list of where we use cookies, and what we use them for:
Google Analytics : A widely used tracking and website performance tool which enables us to understand how people use our site and where we may need to make improvements ( these only record an action and are not defined as personally identifiable ) https://analytics.google.com/
Hubspot : HubSpot uses cookies to track your website visitors and contacts
Adwords : From time-to-time we may pay to advertise on Google or other search engines, we will track your data from the advert click through to our website ( again these only record an action and are not defined as personally identifiable ) https://adwords.google.com/home/
Lead Tracking : We track your data and preferences to ensure we provide you with the best online experience on our websites. https://woocommerce.com/ www.wordpress.com
STERIS.com ‘share’ tools
We know you love to share great content. Please be aware that social networking sites, like Instagram, Facebook and Twitter, might send cookies. We don’t control the setting of these third-party cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We hope that explains how we use your data more clearly. Please be aware you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can delete them yourself if you wish.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy and cookies policy.
To read more about our privacy policy please click here
Latest News
STERIS IMS planting trees for the next generation
Posted On 12/02/2020
At STERIS we try to select responsible suppliers to work with and through those decisions we make, if we can contribute towards environmental contributions then all the better.
View Post
New Media Lincs
Posted On 03/09/2019
New Media Lincs has been delighted to have been working with STERIS over the past year on a number of commissions which have been filmed over a few sessions at the SpringHill plant.
View Post
Psst… Have you heard about STERIS Apprenticeships?
Posted On 27/08/2019
STERIS Instrument Management Services have recently been awarded government approval to deliver apprenticeships to our business!
View Post
Go To News
Our Blog
Complete an Apprenticeship whilst working at a STERIS IMS Sterilization Facility
Read More
How do we support our Employee’s Mental Health as Employers?
Read More
STERIS have supported my learning journey and that hasn’t changed even in lockdown!
Read More
Meet Matt
Read More
Go To Blog
Videos & Webinars
Why Work for STERIS?
Posted On 14/02/2019
Our teams are vital to the success of the business
Go To Videos & Webinars
© Copyright 2020, STERIS. All rights reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy
steris.com
Cookie PolicyThis website uses cookies to provide the best user experience, please click OK below or continue to browse the site if you are happy with this.For more information please see our terms of use and privacy policy Ok