http://www.fwwebb.com/privacy.php
OUR CUSTOMERS
Residential Contractors
Mechanical Contractors
Mechanical Engineers
Procurement Management
Facility Management
Specialty Markets
Homeowners
OUR EXPERTISE
Plumbing
Heating
HVAC
Refrigeration
PVF
Building Controls
Propane Gas Equipment & Parts
Water Systems
Commercial & Industrial Pumps
Fire Protection & Fabrication
Industrial PVF Specialties
Thermoplastic Piping
High Purity Process Components
Process Controls
Water Works
OUR COMPANY
About Us
Leadership
History
Locations
News
Events & Training
Promotions
Careers
Contact Us
F.W. Webb Company - Privacy Policy
We Value Your Privacy.
The F.W. Webb Company recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our customers and the visitors to our website. The F.W. Webb Company is committed to maintaining the following Privacy Policy to protect your personal information. Please carefully review this Policy and our Terms of Use before using the F.W. Webb website. By using this Site, you signify you are in agreement with both our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
What Information Do We Collect?
F.W. Webb Company will collect transactional information from companies or individuals who purchase products from our Site. During a purchase transaction, we will collect and store your name, billing address, shipping address (if different from billing address), telephone number, email address and payment information. The payment and contact information is used to complete and verify the transaction, and your email address allows us to contact you regarding the receipt, completion, and shipping of your product.
We collect the personal information you provide us when requesting a quote, submitting a question through our "contact us" form, subscribing for special offers or promotional emails, participating in a contest or survey or applying for a business account.
As with many websites, we collect and store non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, IP address, operating system, date, time, length of stay and specific pages accessed during your visit. This general information is not merged with any personal information collected. Non-personally identifiable information is aggregated in order to learn how visitors interact with our Site in order to offer improved future features and experiences.
F.W. Webb Company may also retain the content of the communications that are sent to F.W. Webb Company customer service representatives. This information helps F.W. Webb Company to improve and respond to Visitors' inquiries regarding the Site.
Information Collected While Applying for a F.W. Webb Account
If you are a business and wish to apply for an account with F.W. Webb Company, we will collect certain personal information. To personalize and expedite your transactions, we will ask you to create a user name and password to establish secure access to your account. We will also ask you for your name, shipping and billing addresses, phone number, email address, payment information and other personal information or preferences. This contact information allows you to:
Buy items without having to re-enter your personal information every time you purchase a product
View details of past purchases from the F.W. Webb Company 24 hours a day, seven days a week
If you wish to delete your business account, please contact your local branch. If you wish to unsubscribe from email marketing messages, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the message. Please allow up to 7 business days for the unsubscribe to take effect.
What Do We Use Your Information For?
F.W. Webb Company uses the information that is collected from the Site to, among other things, better serve its customers. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those partners agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. Information concerning individuals' usage of our Site will not be disclosed to third parties except in non-personally identifiable aggregate form for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To complete a transaction/place an order (including inquiries or questions about your order)
To improve the content, product assortment, services and/or the user experience of the website
To send periodic mailings with information on new products and/or promotions
To provide important updates, such as changes to policies, terms and/or conditions
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic marketing emails
Any other legitimate and lawful business purpose of F.W. Webb Company
Cookie Usage
Cookies are small files stored by a browser on a computer that allow us to capture and remember certain information. They make the personalization of your visit to fwwebb.com and ordering.fwwebb.com possible. Cookies allow us to: identify you as a previous or business account visitor, alert you to new areas of interest, as well as record session information for making appropriate product suggestions in the future. We also use cookies to track anonymous web traffic, as described above.
Third-party services may use cookies, web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or pixel tags) and other tools to collect general information based on your traffic patterns and activities on the Site. This information helps in displaying interest-based content ads on ordering.fwwebb.com or somewhere else on the Internet. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies to serve interest-based ads by visiting the Google advertising opt out page. For other third-party services, visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
Cookies can be managed by accessing the individual settings in your browser. Please note; if you do not accept cookies, you may experience a loss of site functionality. To learn more about cookie management visit: www.allaboutcookies.org.
How Do We Protect Your Information
F.W. Webb Company places the utmost importance on protecting information transmitted via the Site and will take security precautions to protect all such information; However, F.W. Webb Company cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is completely secure. We are not responsible or liable to visitors for any breaches of security or privacy. Each visitor is responsible for taking appropriate precautions and security measures when using sensitive information.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information while entering, submitting, or accessing it on www.fwwebb.com or www.ordering.fwwebb.com.
We use a secure server. All information supplied during the checkout process is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Only those authorized and required to keep this information confidential have special access rights to our systems.
Once you enter the checkout process, your connection to our server becomes secure. To confirm this, look at the bottom part of your browser window. If you see a closed lock or unbroken key (depending on your browser) you can be confident your information is secure. This can also be confirmed by viewing the URL in your browser window. The first characters of the site address will show "https". If for some reason you do not see these verifications, please contact us directly to place your order.
Third-Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. If you have questions about how these third parties use and collect data, please carefully read their privacy policies. However, we seek to protect the integrity of F.W. Webb Company and welcome any feedback regarding these third-party sites.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes provided in this Privacy Policy, unless required or permitted by applicable laws.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Questions
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to the F.W. Webb Company by emailing privacy@fwwebb.com.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, for any reason, to update our Privacy Policy as necessary. In the event it is updated, we will indicate the effective date of the changes below. We encourage you to return to this page often to ensure your knowledge of the current Privacy Policy is up to date.
This policy was last modified on 5/2017
Locations
Contact Us
Careers
Credit Application
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© 2020. F.W. Webb Company.