https://www.midwestbankcentre.com/online-privacy-disclosure
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Skip Navigation
Online Privacy Disclosure
Home
ONLINE PRIVACY DISCLOSURE
Midwest BankCentre and their affiliates or subsidiaries are committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of your personal information. This Online Privacy Notice (“Notice”) describes how we collect, use, and share information collected from visitors to our (“Site.”) Site includes websites, mobile applications, and other online interfaces or platform, including this website. The term "Bank" or "we" or "us" or "our" in this Notice refers to Midwest BankCentre and their affiliates and subsidiaries. By accessing or using any Site, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Notice in effect at the time.
If you have an account with Midwest BankCentre, how we collect, use, share, and protect your account information is governed by the Midwest BankCentre Privacy Policy. To the extent that there is a discrepancy between this Notice and the Midwest BankCentre Privacy Policy, the Midwest BankCentre Privacy Policy controls.
TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ONLINE
Personal information refers to personally identifiable information provided by you via forms, surveys, applications, or other online fields including but not limited to name, postal or email address, telephone, fax, or mobile numbers, social security number or account information.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use Personal Information:
to respond to your inquiries and requests;
to send administrative information to you, including information regarding the Site, products or services for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or in which you are already enrolled, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies
to send marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you, including, ads or offers tailored to you;
to personalize your experience on the Site;
to allow you to apply for products or services and evaluate your eligibility for such products or services;
to verify your identity and/or location for security purposes;
to allow you to participate in surveys and other forms of market research, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which may contain additional information about how Personal Information is used and shared;
to allow you to use some Site financial planning tools. Information that you enter into one of these planning tools may be stored for future access and use.
collected through our social media pages and other online interactions with you to assist in verifying your identity and account status. We may combine this online information with information collected from offline sources or information we already have;
for business purposes, including but not limited to data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns;
for risk control, for fraud detection and prevention, to comply with laws and regulations, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements;
to allow you to utilize features within our Sites by granting us access to information from your device such as contact lists, or geo-location when you request certain services.
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SHARED
Please see the Midwest BankCentre Privacy Policy for information on how Personal Information may be shared and how you may be able to limit certain types of sharing.
OTHER INFORMATION WE COLLECT ONLINE
Other information is any information other than Personal Information that we collect, but is not provided by you directly and may include, but is not limited to, information such as browser and device information, information collected through cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and other technologies, third party data collection, demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity, and aggregated data which no longer reveals your identity.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE OTHER INFORMATION
We commonly use other information to deliver advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests. We may also collect and use Other Information in various ways, including but not limited to:
BROWSER – Some information is collected by most internet browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) addresses, internet browser type and version, operating system version, device type, and screen resolution. We may use this information to ensure that the Site functions properly.
IP ADDRESS - Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your device by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). Your IP Address is recognized and automatically logged on the Bank’s servers whenever you visit a website. The page(s) you visited and the amount of time of the visit are also logged. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the internet and is done automatically by many websites. We may use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating website usage levels, diagnosing server problems, for compliance and security purposes, and for administering websites.
COOKIES - Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your computer, smartphone, or other internet accessing device when you visit a website. Cookies allow a website to recognize to your device. Cookies also allow us to collect information such as how you use websites, time spent on websites, pages visited, and other data. We use cookies to facilitate navigation, measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, and display information more effectively.
The browsers of most computers, Smartphones and other web-enabled devices are typically set up to accept cookies. If you wish to adjust your cookie preferences for this Site, you can do this through your browser settings. You can reject these cookies and most browsers offer their own privacy settings for cookies. You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience when using the Site and some online products and services. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.
WEB BEACONS, PIXEL TAGS, and OTHER TECHNOLOGIES - A web beacon (also known as pixel tags and clear GIFs) are small graphic images on webpages or in an email message to monitor user activity for analytical purposes. These may be used for such purposes as recording the pages and advertisements that you select or track the performance of email marketing campaigns.
DATA COLLECTION AND THIRD PARTIES
Google Analytics is used to gather information about usage of the Site. For example, it tracks how many visitors the Site has, which screens they spend time on, what kinds of operating systems and mobile devices they use, and how they found the Site. Google Analytics does not track, collect or upload any data that personally identifies an individual (such as a name, email address, account number or billing information), or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information. The information helps to improve the performance of this Site for you. For more information on Google's use of the data, please see the website "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" located at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Facebook pixels are also used on the Site and third parties, including facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from your websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You can opt out of this type of sharing by going to http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
AGGREGATED DATA – Aggregated data is data that we may create or combine from other sources, including but not limited to transactions and accounts. This information does not include personally identifiable information and may be used for our business purposes, which may include research, marketing and trend analysis, offering products or services and other purposes consistent with the applicable laws and regulations.
WEB LINKS
We may provide links to other Internet sites to provide our customers with access to a greater range of information, products and services. Midwest BankCentre does not have control over such sites or any products or services offered through such sites. Midwest BankCentre does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any content, advertising, products or services offered on any other site. The privacy policies to such sites may be different from the privacy policies of Midwest BankCentre and you should carefully review the privacy policies disclosed on such sites.
UPDATES TO THE ONLINE PRIVACY NOTICE
This Online Privacy Notice is subject to change. Please review it periodically. Any changes to this Notice will become effective when we post the revised Notice on the Site. Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Notice.
Accordion toggle
Accordion toggle
Cookies & Privacy Notification
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. (Find More Information Here)
Okay