http://www.hes.co.uk/help.php?section=cookies
Skip to Page Content
Hydburn Engineering Services Limited
Return to Hyndburn Engineering Services Ltd Main Index
About Hyndburn Engineering Services Ltd
FAQs
Contact Hyndburn Engineering Services Ltd
Compact
Nightstor
Electricaire
Chidlow Electricaire
Product Search
Advanced Search
Your Shopping Basket
Shopping Basket is Empty
Your Account
Username
Password
Terms & Conditions Apply
Cookies Policy
We are aware of our responsibility to protect your privacy. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect using cookies when you use our websites, why we collect it and how we use it to improve your experience.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a simple text file of letters and numbers which gets downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit our website.
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users from our website. This helps us to provide you with a positive experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve the site.
They also recognise when you have given your username and password so that you don't need to do it for every web page that you visit. They also measure how many people use our websites so that we can make it easier to use and ensure there's enough capacity to make the site fast.
Most cookies will not collect information that personally identifies you. They will collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our website, or a user's general location.
You can restrict or block cookies at any time using your browser settings. You can learn how to remove cookies set on your computer / mobile device via the following link - http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
How we use Cookies
Generally our cookies perform up to three different functions:
Strictly Essential Cookies - These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include for example, cookies that enable you to log into your account to check the status of your order and use the shopping basket/checkout facility. Without essential cookies our site can’t operate properly (for example if you set your internet browser to reject all cookies).
Third Party Cookies - These are cookies found in other companies’ internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter has their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
Analytical/Performance Cookies - These are cookies that allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to the website and see how visitors move around the website when they are using it. We use Google Analytics cookies to track anonymous usage statistics and do not collect any personal information that can be used to identify you. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
For more information on how Google use this information, visit their Privacy Policy. If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics you can install Google's Opt-Out Browser Add-on by clicking here.
Concerns with Cookies
While there are many legitimate uses for cookies to improve convenience and efficiency, some uses of cookies can lead to privacy concerns. These concerns typically emerge when a cookie holding personal information identifying you (e.g. name, email address, billing information etc) is used across multiple sites to track users and internet usage. Hyndburn Engineering Services Ltd does not use any of its first-party cookies to hold any personal information or track users across multiple sites.
Futher Information on Cookies
For more information about how to manage cookies and their uses visit All About Cookies.
For information regarding the updated law on cookies visit the ICO.
Copyright © 1999-2020 Hyndburn Engineering Services Ltd
Privacy Policy
Terms of Trade
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Return to Top of Page