https://www.hannoverfairs.com.au/privacy-policy
Home
ABOUT
OUR EVENTS
WEBINARS
OUR TEAM
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Hannover Fairs Australia Pty Ltd Privacy policy
Our commitment to you
Hannover Fairs Australia Pty Ltd ACN 092 057 282 (Hannover Fairs) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy outlines how Hannover Fairs protects and handles your personal information in accordance with its obligations under the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act).
This Privacy Policy is provided to help you understand why and how we collect and use your personal information and what to do if you have any questions or complaints. When you register for an event, our Terms and Conditions for Participation and Exhibitor Service Manual may contain privacy statements specifying in more detail how any of your personal information may be used and disclosed by Hannover Fairs.
About this policy
This privacy policy sets out:
the kinds of personal information that Hannover Fairs collects and holds;
how Hannover Fairs collects, uses, discloses and stores your personal information;
the purposes for which Hannover Fairs collects your personal information;
how you may access personal information about you that is held by Hannover Fairs and seek correction of it; and
how you may complain about a breach of the APPs and how Hannover Fairs will deal with such a complaint.
Personal information
Personal information is defined in s 6(1) of the Privacy Act as:
information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
(a) whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
(b) whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
The personal information we collect
The kind of personal information we collect will depend on the type of service you require or enquire about.
Personal information collected by Hannover Fairs may include:
your contact information – name, address, email address and mobile phone number;
your business information – job title, company name and address, telephone and fax numbers;
your bank account or credit card details and insurance details for registration;
a history of your previous registration and attendances at events; and
other information such as your opinions, statements and endorsements collected personally or via surveys and questionnaires, including but not limited to your views on the products and services offered by us.
Sensitive information
Sensitive information is a subset of personal information. The Privacy Act imposes special obligations where sensitive information is collected, used and disclosed.
Hannover Fairs does not generally collect sensitive information about an individual.
Anonymity
We provide the option for individuals to not identify themselves, or of using a pseudonym when dealing with us, for example, if you seek general information about the services we offer. We do not provide this option in circumstances where it is impracticable to do so or where Hannover Fairs is legally required to deal with identified individuals only.
How we collect personal information
There are a number of ways we collect personal information about you, including:
directly from you when you provide information by telephone, in person, via our website, or on forms;
during registration for one of Hannover Fairs’ events;
if you subscribe to any of our publications;
information collected automatically when you visit our website; and
from publicly available sources of information.
Why do we collect your personal information?
Hannover Fairs collects and holds your personal information for a number of its business purposes which are detailed generally at www.hannoverfairs.com.au. These purposes include:
verifying your identity;
providing information about upcoming events, either the same or similar to events you have previously attended;
promoting its events, publications and other business services;
processing your registration or subscribing to our publications;
addressing any feedback, questions or complaints you may have;
maintaining and developing our database; and
for other secondary purposes you might reasonably expect us to use it for related to the above primary purposes.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
Hannover Fairs uses and discloses your personal information for the primary business purposes for which it is collected (set out above) and related management purposes.
It also uses and discloses your personal information for any other purposes to which you have consented. You may give Hannover Fairs your consent expressly, or it may be implied by your conduct.
Subject to the requirements of the APPs, Hannover Fairs may also use and disclose your personal information for any another purpose that you would reasonably expect the information to be used or disclosed.
Hannover Fairs may use and disclose your personal information to third parties including event partners, sponsors and exhibitors.
Hannover Fairs may also use and disclose your personal information to external organisations whose functions may include:
law enforcement bodies or as otherwise authorised in section 6.2 of the APPs;
mailing operations;
information technology and telecommunication services;
authorised legal representatives nominated by you; and
our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
Hannover Fairs will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent unless otherwise required or authorised by law.
Marketing material
Hannover Fairs may use your personal information, from time to time, to send to you marketing material that we consider will be useful to you, or other material about our activities. Hannover Fairs will only do this if we collected the information from you and you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information for that purpose, or if you have consented to receiving such communications. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can opt-out, which allows you to discontinue receiving some part of or all communications from Hannover Fairs. We will process your opt-out request within a reasonable time, but you may receive communications from us or from third parties whilst we are processing your request.
Does Hannover Fairs send your personal information overseas?
Hannover Fairs may disclose your personal information to overseas recipients. For example, we may use a server hosted overseas for storage and back up of data including your personal information.
If we disclose your personal information to an overseas recipient, we will take reasonable steps before disclosure to ensure that the overseas recipient will not breach the APPs. We are likely to disclose your personal information to overseas recipients in the following countries: Germany, Italy, Turkey, Russia, India, China, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, New Zealand, USA and Canada (countries Hannover Fairs and its affiliate companies are conducting business in).
Storage and security of your personal information
We hold personal information in a number of different formats including (but not limited to) on our company database, software programs (located both onsite and offsite, including in the cloud), databases, filing systems and in offsite backup storage.
Hannover Fairs takes all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification, disclosure or other misuse, including the operation of secure data networks designed to protect your privacy and security. How long we hold and use the information after you have ceased interacting with us will depend on the type of interaction you had with Hannover Fairs and any requirements under law.
Hannover Fairs has updating procedures in order to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If your personal details change please contact us at mysubscription@hannoverfairs.com.au.
We will de-identify or securely destroy your information, in accordance with our document retention policy, when we no longer need to keep it.
Privacy and the Internet
Tracking and cookies
We collect statistics on visitor traffic to our websites such as number and length of visits and pages viewed. The information is anonymous and does not identify specific visitors.
We may track your visit to our websites by using ‘cookies’. A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on the hard disk of your computer to enhance your experience when visiting our websites. If you prefer not to allow the use of ‘cookies’, you may be able to adjust your browser to turn them off or notify you when ‘cookies’ are being used. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas or take advantage of certain features or services on our websites.
Links with other sites
Hannover Fairs’ websites may contain links to other sites and other sites may also have links to our websites. This policy does not apply to linked websites.
Hannover Fairs has taken care to simplify the actions needed to secure any information you give to us via our websites, however as a general rule, you need to take measures to protect yourself and your computer to prevent others from gaining access to your computer and the information contained within it. When you use our websites to send us any personal information, you are responsible for your own computer, anti-virus and anti-spyware measures and security precautions.
Giving you control
Opting out, access and correction of your personal information
At any time, if you want to opt out of future communications, access the personal information that Hannover Fairs holds about you or update or correct your personal information, please contact us at the details below. We will process your request within a reasonable time.
In some circumstances we may deny access to or refuse to change your personal information to the extent this is permitted under the Australian Privacy Principles. In such circumstances, we will let you know the reasons for doing so.
Requests and complaints about privacy
Please notify us at the details below if you have any queries, requests or complaints relating to Hannover Fairs’ handling of your personal information. We will investigate the matters raised by you and respond to you within five working days.
Contacting us
Hannover Fairs’ privacy policy is published on our website at www.cebit.com.au/privacy-policy/ and is also available as a soft or hard copy on request. If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or if you have a complaint about a breach of your privacy, you can contact us by calling the CRM Manager on (02) 9280 3400, sending an email to mysubscription@hannoverfairs.com.au (containing the subject heading: Privacy Policy breach) or posting a letter to:
Attention: CRM Manager Hannover Fairs Pty Ltd 60 Pitt Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
Changes to this privacy policy
We may make changes to this policy from time to time without notice. Any changes will be reflected on this page.
Further information
For further information about privacy issues, see the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website at www.oaic.gov.au or by calling 1300 363 992.
Search
Search
Username * Password * Login