http://www.componentsbureau.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us: 01480 412233About UsLatest NewsSupportCorporate DownloadsContact UsPrivacy PolicyHomePrivacy PolicyDisplay Technology Ltd. take the protection of your personal data very seriously. The following data security explanation gives you an overview of how we ensure this protection in connection with our website. However it does not apply to websites of companies to which we refer by hyperlink.
Processing and use of personal data
Personal data is raised on this website only on voluntary basis (see "newsletter/product enquiry “). We do not identify individual visitors on our website, unless they disclose their contact data or further information voluntarily via one of the web forms or by other contact (e.g. by e-mail). We use your voluntarily communicated data only for the purposes, for which you sent them. By no means will the communicated data will be sold or passed on to third parties for any reason, unless we are legally obligated or you gave us your agreement.
Data processing on our website
Upon each visit by a user to the Display Technology web site our server log files automatically and stores the information conveyed by your browser.
This includes:
Browser type
Version
Operating system
Referral URL
IP address
Date and time of visit
If you use our Download service, there will additionally be stored:
Quantity of downloaded data
Information stating whether the download was successful
Display Technology Ltd. may not assign this data to a individual. A combination of this data with other data sources, in particular the cookies described below, newsletter data or product enquiries will not be made and the data will be deleted after statistic evaluation.
Cookies
In several places our web pages use so called cookies, e.g. in the context of the above mentioned statistic evaluation. They make our website more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files, which are filed on your computer and stored by your Browser. Most of the Cookies we use are so called "session Cookies", which means that they are deleted automatically after you have left our website.
Any Cookies not deleted will help us recognise whether our web pages have previously been accessed from your computer. Cookies do not cause damage on your computer and do not contain viruses. Should Cookies be used, e.g. in the context of the above mentioned statistic evaluation, the data is raised, used and stored exclusively pseudonymously. This data will not be used to identify the individual user visiting our web pages (e.g. by combination or comparison with other data conveyed to us).
You can influence the handling of cookies using the appropriate settings on your browser, eg. by accepting Cookies generally, or just from case to case or by rejecting them generally.
When using our services "Newsletter“ and "Product Enquiry“ you are asked to indicate your e-mail address and some further contact data and/or information about yourself or your organisation. This data is voluntary. We always indicate the purpose for which we ask you to transmit the data and we also indicate which of the desired information is necessary for the relevant purpose and which is optional. Necessary information is marked by a star.
If you register yourselves for our newsletter distribution list, your data will be stored on our Constant Contact profile. Our Constant Contact profile can only be accessed by Display Technology Ltd and your data will be only used for newsletter purposes.
Newsletter
When you subscribe to our newsletter, we use the data you provided to send you our e-mail newsletter according to your consent on a monthly basis. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by e-mail or via a link provided in the newsletter.
For newsletter distribution, we use Constant Contact. Constant Contact does not disclose this data to third parties. Constant Contact provides analytical tools that enable us to make statements about the success of the newsletters.
You can find further information on the help pages (https://www.constantcontact.com/uk/legal/privacy-statement).
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie in regards to use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymisation, Google will truncate/anonymise the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymised collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
YouTube
To embed videos on our website, we use YouTube. YouTube uses cookies to collect information about visitors to its website: to capture video statistics, prevent fraud, and improve usability. It will also connect to the Google DoubleClick network.
We've embedded the videos in advanced privacy mode. According to YouTube, thus no data on the visitors of our website are stored, as long as they do not click the videos. As soon as you click on a video, the YouTube server will be told which particular page of our website you visited. If you are logged in to your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to match your browsing behaviour directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this if you log out of your account beforehand. For more information about how YouTube collects and uses your data, see its privacy policy at: https://www.youtube.com/
Social Media
This website uses links to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube social networking sites. When you access pages that contain features from a third party your browser will establish a direct connection with their servers. Display Technology Ltd. has no influence on the amount of data collected and processed.
Lead Forensics
For marketing and optimisation purposes we use, Lead Forensics products and services (http://www.leadforensics.com). Lead Forensics determines details of your organization including telephone number, web address, SIC code, a description of the company. Leadforensics will show the actual history of your visit to this website, including all pages you visited and looked at and how much time you spent on this site. Under no circumstances will the data be used for the personal identification of an individual visitor. If IP addresses are collected, they will be anonymised immediately after collection. On behalf of the operator of this website, Lead Forensics will use the collected information to evaluate your visit to the website, to compile reports on the website activity, and to provide other services related to website use and internet usage for the website operator.
SSL Encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential data, such as enquiries you sent to us as the provider, this website uses an SSL encryption. You recognise an encrypted transmission by the change of the address line of the browser from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock-symbol in your browser address line.
If the SSL encryption is active, the data you have transmitted to us cannot be accessed by third parties.
Further information
Your confidence is very important to us. Therefore we will gladly answer your questions concerning the processing of your personal data. If you have questions which this data security explanation could not answer, or if you need more information to a certain paragraph, please do not hesitate to contact us (info@componentsbureau.com).This site uses cookies to improve your online experience. By browsing this site without changing your cookie preferences we will assume that you agree to the use of our cookies. Further informationGot it!© Components Bureau - A Fortec Group MemberProductsMarket SectorsMedical/HealthcareIndustrialTransportation Industry 4.0Case StudiesManufacturer of Home Medical Equipment for Assisted LivingIndustrial - Improve Power EfficiencyPower Architecture SystemPower Supply BrandsAbout UsLatest NewsSupportCorporate DownloadsContact UsView Saved Products