https://www.ocg.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
HOME
About Us
Interactive Catalogue
Events
View Our Makers
Ceramics
Glass
Jewellery
Leather
Sculpture
Stone
Textiles
Wood
The Guild Prize
Becoming Involved
Where to Buy
Gift Tokens
Contact Us
Useful Links
Members’ Page
Members Forum
Cookies
The Oxfordshire Craft Guild website uses a variety of cookies (files which are sent to your computer or other access device), that can be accessed when you visit our site in future. We do this to allow it to function efficiently and identify which parts of a site have been visited.
It is possible to stop your browser and/or mobile device accepting cookies either generally or from specific websites. These settings will typically be found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, you should use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details. We cannot guarantee that the site will function correctly if you do this and you must accept this reduced functionality.
Data Protection
This website is controlled by the Committee of the Oxfordshire Crafts Guild.
Contact the web team web@ocg.co.uk
For Members: View the OCG Website Privacy Policy
No personal data are collected by this website.
Data collected by the Guild in the normal course of activities is considered confidential and will not be divulged to third parties unless required under Freedom of Information statutes.
Subscribers and members of the public can view the OCG Privacy-related Processes here: OCG Privacy Processes (2018)
Freedom of Information
Information regarding exhibitors and members of the OCG will not be shared with any other party unless implied by previous agreement by the exhibitor to participate in publicity and promotional activities.
Copyright
The copyright of all photographs on this site belongs to the Oxfordshire Craft Guild or its members, unless specified.
You may not copy them other than to print the images for personal use.
Similarly, members retain copyright in all their work.
Disclaimer
Links to third party websites are for your information and are not intended as any sort of endorsement or recommendation.
In addition, the Oxfordshire Craft Guild does not accept any responsibility for:
the activities of any member or organisation featured on this website.
the contents and/or availability of any third party websites to which this website provides a link.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more