http://www.cactusclimbing.co.nz/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
NZD
Close menu
MEN'S
TROUSERS
SHORTS
DOWN
JACKETS & VESTS
TOPS
SHIRTS
MERINO
TEES
HOODIES & PULLOVERS
WORKWEAR
ACCESSORIES
CLEARANCE
WOMEN'S
TROUSERS
SHORTS
DOWN
JACKETS & VESTS
TOPS
TEES
SHIRTS
MERINO
WORKWEAR
ACCESSORIES
PACKS+BAGS
PACKS
BAGS
URBAN BAGS
UTILITY BAGS
ACCESSORIES
UPCYCLED
ACCESSORIES
PETS
LEATHER GEAR
HAMMOCKS & BEAN BAGS
RADIO HARNESSES & POUCHES
PACK ACCESSORIES
CLOTHING ACCESSORIES
HATS & BEANIES
BIKE GEAR
PRODUCT CARE
GIFT VOUCHERS
CLEARANCE
MASKS
BLOG
ABOUT
ABOUT CACTUS
25 YEARS
STORE LOCATIONS
PRO TEAM
UPCYCLED PROJECT
GIFT VOUCHERS
CONTACT
Log in
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
Close cart
Privacy policy
In order to sell online we have to hold some of your private data. We seek to do this in as unthreatening a way as possible. Cactus Outdoor Limited. ('Cactus') uses information collected from its customers and visitors to its web site to enhance the services we offer to you and to improve your online experience. We take your privacy very seriously. This privacy policy sets out details of the personal information we collect about you and the ways in which we may use that information.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. Cactus has implemented several security measures in order to prevent unauthorised access to, or disclosure of, your information. Those measures include suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures, such as SSL encryption, to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Third Party Sites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites. Our privacy policy does not apply to third party sites that you may access from the Cactus website. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
By disclosing your personal information to us you indicate your consent to the collection, storage, processing and use of your personal information by Cactus as described in this privacy policy. You can be assured that your information will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. You may choose to restrict the use of your personal information by emailing us at cactus@cactusoutdoor.co.nz or calling us on 0800 122 682.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at cactus@cactusoutdoor.co.nz.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email or call us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We recognise the importance of privacy to our customers and visitors, and intend to remain at the forefront of industry developments in this area. We will keep this policy under review and aim to incorporate advances in security technology as they develop. Cactus may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Third Party Cookies:
Googe Analytics
__utma
Distinguishes shoppers and sessions .This cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and there is no existing __utma cookie. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmt
Used to throttle request rate.
__utmb
Determines new sessions/visits. This cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and there is no existing __utmb cookie. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
_utmz
Saves the traffic source or campaign that explains how the shopper reached your site. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes, and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmv
Stores visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor-level custom variable. This cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Hot Jar
See this link for a complete list of the cookies HotJar use.
AUD
CAD
EUR
GBP
NZD
USD
"Close (esc)"
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"