http://www.silcartcorp.com/en/privacy
CompanyProductsNewsContact
PRODUCT SEARCH
RESERVED AREA
COMPLIANCE DOCUMENTS
legal
terms of use
privacy
credits
Copyright 2014
PRIVACY POLICY
Under Articles 13 and 14 Regulation EU 679/2016.
RELEVANT LEGISLATION
We would like to inform your personal data released filling the form “Request of information” will be process in accordance with the Regulation EU 2016/679 as well as Directive EU numbers 58/2002 and 136/2009, under Article 13 and 14 of Regulation EU 679/2016 with regard to personal data.
CONTROLLER
“Silcart S.p.A.” via Spercenigo 5 – Mignagola, 31030 Carbonera (TV) Tel. 0422445507 email privacy@silcartcorp.com, is the personal data ‘s controller who will decide the aim and the way to process data.
PLACE OF PROCESSING
Personal data processing gathered filling the form “Request of information” are among the Controller and they will be retained in server of service provider for a pre-set time. These data will not be distributed and/or communicated to third parties or transfer to extra EU Countries.
CONTROLLER RESPONSABILITY
The service provider and web platform developer has been appointed external personal data Controller of following data.
The entire list of external personal data Controllers is available from the Controller himself.
TYPES OF DATA
The current policy concerns personal data sent by visitor user (strictly speaking: the interested party) filling the form present in our website. Moreover, computer system and software procedures responsible for practical operation of this website gather a part of personal data, during their regular utilization, whose transmission is implicit using communication Internet protocol.
MODALITIES OF THE PROCESSING
Furthermore, we would like to inform as provided for Article 5 of GDPR 679/2016, your personal data will be process they will be handle in a fair, correct and clear way; they will be gathered for specific explicit and legitimate purposes; they will be handle in a coherent way with these purposes; they will be suitable, pertinent and limited according to aims for which they are used; accurate and updated, if it is necessary; they will be safeguarded so that they can permit the identification of interested parties; they will be used in order to guarantee a correct security of personal data, including the protection from non-authorized or illegal processes, loss, destruction or accidental damages. They will be protected by technical and organizational measures.
AGREEMENT
The achievement of data is based on the interest party agreement which is free and optional. The failure of the agreement will obstruct the sending of your data and your request and our impossibility to provide feedback. These data will not be report on other media or devices. Furthermore, even your eventual surfing website data will not be report.
PROCESSING PURPOSE
The form of contact on this website has the unique purpose to permit to website visitors to contact the Controller company sending an e-mail through it, where necessary. Indeed, the gathering and processing personal data purpose is just to contact back the user through references sent using the filling form “Request of information”. This is meant to avoid eventual requests included in the message sent by the user.
LEGAL BASIS OF THE PROCESSING
The legal basis of personal data processing is the Article 6 paragraph 1 subparagraph b of Regulation since processing are necessary to release Services or to provide feedback to requests of interested party.
DURATION OF DATA CONSERVATION
Personal and particular data will be conserved for a period of time not exceeding the achievement of purpose for which they are processed to and not exceeding 36 months from their collection. They will be conserved in digital way too.
RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTY
Rights included in Articles 15, 16, 17, 18, 20, 21 of above EU Regulation are recognized to interested party, and especially the right to access to personal data, the right to correct eventual mistakes or omissions, the updating right, the deleting right, the right to limit data processing if they are incomplete, incorrect or gather in breach of law, the portability right and the right to resist to their processing for legitimate reason, expressing requests to the Controller.
Furthermore, it is recognized to parties the right to complaint to supervisory Authority.
CURRENT POLICY REVIEW
This Policy could be subject to change. For this reason, we advise to check it frequently and consult to the latest version.