http://www.reemay.com/privacy-policy
Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Like us on Facebook
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
Fiberweb plc ("Fiberweb", "we", "us" or "our") and all members of its group are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms and Conditions) applies to our website under the domain name www.fiberweb.com (the "Website"). It explains how we comply with the European Union data protection requirements and sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For your protection we are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act") and have made all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner. For the purpose of the Act, the data controller is Fiberweb plc of Forsyth House, 211-217 Lower Richmond Road, Richmond on Thames, London TW9 4LN.
2. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide when you choose to fill in forms on the Website (including, without limitation, information provided when requesting further information, products or services, completing a survey for our research purposes or when you report a problem with the Website). This information may include personal information (including name, company and contact details) and information regarding your personal or professional interests, experiences with our products and services and contact preferences;
if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and any information contained therein; and
details of your visits to our site (including, without limitation, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data) and the resources that you access.
3. IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve the Website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
to estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
to store information about web traffic and your preferences and so allow us to customise the Website according to your individual interests;
to speed up your searches;
to recognise you when you return to our site.
A cookie does not allow us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to the Website.
4. SECURITY
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, stored at or processed in a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") in order to, among other things, fulfil your orders, process your payment details and provide support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We cannot therefore guarantee the security of any data you transmit to the Website and any transmission is at your own risk. We are committed to ensuring that, once we have received your data, any personal data we hold about you is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your personal data we have ensured that strict security measures and procedures are in place.
5. USES MADE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
to contact you by post, telephone or e-mail to respond to your queries or requests;
to understand your needs and provide you with a better service;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and/or
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please follow the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions located on our communications to you or please write to us at the address set out in paragraph 12.
6. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we sell or buy any business or assets or if Fiberweb or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party. We may also disclose your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements or to protect the rights, property or safety of Fiberweb, its customers or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Disclosure of your personal information may involve sending it outside of the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the opt-out instructions located on the forms we use to collect your data or by writing to us at the address set out in paragraph 12.
8. LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Links to third party websites on the Website are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave the Website. We have not reviewed all of these third party websites and do not control and are not responsible for these websites or the protection and privacy of any information you may provide when visiting such websites. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk. Please note that these third party websites have their own privacy policies and you should check these privacy policies before you submit any personal data to these third party websites.
9. ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. You may request details of personal information we hold about you by writing to the address set out in paragraph 12. A small fee not exceeding £10 may be charged to cover our costs in providing you with these details.
10. INCORRECT INFORMATION
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us to the address set out in paragraph 12. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
11. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website.
12. CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Company Secretary, Fiberweb plc, Forsyth House, 211-217 Lower Richmond Road, Richmond on Thames, London TW9 4LN.
Search By Specification
Research & Development