https://www.wideplankflooring.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Build Your Floor Explore Collections About Our Wood Download Brochure Request a Quote 877-609-0113
Our ProductBuild a Custom FloorExplore Our CollectionsPattern FloorsProject GalleryCustomer StoriesBlogOur ProcessDirect to ConsumerHow To BuyHow We PriceMaximize Your SamplesBuyer ResourcesOur PeopleOur StoryHistory of Wide PlankInside CarlisleCommunityIn the NewsCatalog Request
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to www.wideplankflooring.com, the website for Carlisle Wide Plank Floors (the “Website”). On these pages, “we” and “Carlisle” mean Carlisle Wide Plank Floors, Inc., a Delaware corporation. If you visit www.wideplankflooring.com, you accept these Terms of Use and all policies posted on our Website, including our Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use
Please read the following Terms of Use carefully. We may change or update these Terms of Use at any time. If we do so, we will post the revised Terms of Use on the Website. The date of the most recent revision will always be shown at the end of the Terms of Use. Please review our Terms of Use as often as you feel necessary, because each use of our Website is your confirmation that you agree with and accept the most recent version of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with our current Terms of Use, please do not use this Website.
Privacy Policy
Carlisle respects your privacy and the security of your personal information. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy that follows these Terms of Use so that you understand how we collect and use your information and can make informed choices about using our Website.
Trademarks and Copyrights
The Carlisle Wide Plank Floors name and logo and all other trademarks, service marks, or trade dress on this Website that reference Carlisle products and services are owned by Carlisle Wide Plank Floors, Inc. All other trademarks on the Website are the property of the respective trademark owners and are used on the Website with the permission of the owners. All designs, web pages, and source code included in the Website are copyrighted or licensed by Carlisle and are protected by United States and international copyright laws. Material from the Website, including Content (as defined below), may not be copied, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of Carlisle. Unauthorized use of any material on the Website or any Carlisle or third-party trademarks is prohibited by law.
Submissions and Communications
This Website may make message boards, blogs, forums, personalized pages, chat rooms and other features available to its users, and we invite you to make use of any such features. Please remember, however, that any information, photos or videos that are disclosed in public areas on the Website become public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information or images. You may use an alias when posting personal information on any feature provided by this Website.
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any remarks, comments, postings, submittals, suggestions, messages, ideas, photographs, graphics, images, photos, video, sound, information, data, text, files, links, software, or other materials (“User Content”) that:
you know is false or misleading;
infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights of any party;
is patently offensive or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, or libelous;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website;
solicits personal information from anyone under 13;
provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs, or email addresses;
involves the transmission of “junk mail,” “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, “spimming,” or “spamming;
contains restricted or password-only access pages or hidden pages or images;
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities;
solicits passwords or personally identifiable information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users of this Website;
involves commercial activities and/or sales without the prior written consent of Carlisle, such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; or
includes a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person’s consent.
By submitting User Content through the Website you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, and do grant, Carlisle a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable, sublicenseable, royalty-free right and license to access, use, reproduce, store, modify, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform and create derivative works of any User Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate all or any portion of it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights of any party that may exist in such User Content, for any purposes. You understand that anything that you post on or make available to others through the Website may remain on the Website, in whole or in part, even after your use of the Website terminates. Under no circumstances will Carlisle be required to treat any User Content as confidential, except to the extent that the Website’s Privacy Policy applies. Carlisle will be entitled to use the User Content in any manner consistent with the Website’s Privacy Policy without compensation to you or any other person. For the avoidance of doubt, Carlisle will not be liable to you or any other person for any ideas (including, without limitation, product designs) derived from the User Content and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities to the User Content that may appear in any future products or services of Carlisle.
You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for whatever User Content you submit, and you, not Carlisle, shall have full responsibility for the User Content, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and non-interference with third-party rights. Carlisle shall have the right, but not the responsibility, to refuse to post, remove, or edit all or any portion of any User Content. As a user of the Website, you will represent yourself accurately and truthfully at all times.
Documents Available on the Website
Carlisle grants you permission to use any documents or materials (such as FAQs, blog entries, datasheets, articles, photographs and press releases) that it owns and may make available on the Website (collectively, the “Carlisle Content” and together with all User Content, the “Content”), provided that: (a) you do not modify the Carlisle Content; (b) your use of the Carlisle Content is for informational, personal and non-commercial purposes only and the Carlisle Content will not be posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media; and (c) you will retain copyright notices and other proprietary notices on every copy you make. Carlisle may revoke this permission at any time and, if it does so, you agree to stop using the Carlisle Content immediately. Use for any purpose other than as provided in clause (b), above, is expressly prohibited by law.
Carlisle may also have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering the Carlisle Content, and Carlisle and its licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to such intellectual property rights. Except as expressly provided above or in a written agreement between you and Carlisle, the furnishing of the Carlisle Content does not grant you any license, express or implied, to any such patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property of Carlisle.
Links
The Website may include links to other websites that are not owned or operated by Carlisle and may also include information and material that relate to products and services provided by third-party service providers. You acknowledge that Carlisle is not responsible for the operation of, or content located on or through, any third-party website. The inclusion of a link to such website does not imply endorsement by Carlisle. Viewing of any website linked to the Website is at your own risk.
Minors
Carlisle does not market itself to children. If you are under 18, you may use the Website only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Carlisle and its subsidiaries, divisions and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, representatives, agents and employees (collectively, the “Indemnitees”) from and against any and all liability, damages and costs (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Indemnitees in connection with your use of the Website, including without limitation with respect to any claim arising out of any User Content that you submit or breach or alleged breach of any of your obligations set forth in these Terms of Use. Carlisle reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. You shall not settle any matter without the written consent of Carlisle. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
Site Disclaimer
The Website, including all Content on the Website, is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Use of the Website is at your own risk. The Website is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, Carlisle, its subsidiaries and its licensors do not warrant that the Content is accurate, reliable, complete, or correct; that the Website will meet your requirements; that the Website will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that the Website is free of viruses or other harmful components. Any Content downloaded or accessed through the Website is downloaded or accessed at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such download or access.
Limitation of Liability
Carlisle will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, caused by the Website or any Content on the Website or any use of or inability to use the Website, including, but not limited to, any error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, failure of performance, or computer virus, even if an authorized representative of Carlisle has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Carlisle will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, that may result from linking to any third-party website.
Exclusions and Limitations
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to certain users.
Termination
Carlisle may, in its sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, at any time terminate your access to the Website and any password you may have in connection with the Website and remove your personal information and User Content from the Website.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Carlisle regarding your use of the Website and supersedes all prior agreements or communications. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. No waiver shall be effective against us unless we make it in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New Hampshire applicable to contracts entered into and performed exclusively in the State of New Hampshire. Any court of competent jurisdiction sitting within the State of New Hampshire will have exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any dispute arising out of or relating to the Website or this Agreement, and you hereby waive any argument that any such court does not have jurisdiction over you or such dispute or that venue is not appropriate or convenient.
Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about these Terms of Use or any services available on our Website, please feel free to contact us at:
Carlisle Wide Plank Floors, Inc.
1676 Rte. 9
Stoddard, NH 03464
Or by email at: info@wideplankflooring.com
Last Update
These Terms of Use were last updated and are effective as of August 3, 2012.
Privacy Policy
Privacy is of fundamental importance to Carlisle and this Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use and safeguard your information on our Website. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically without notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. Our most current Privacy Policy is always available on our Website and the most recent revision date is always shown at the end of the Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to “opt out” of certain kinds of information uses, please feel free to contact us at:
Carlisle Wide Plank Floors, Inc.
1676 Rte. 9
Stoddard, NH 03464
Or by email at: info@wideplankflooring.com
Information We Collect
The information we collect generally falls into two categories: (1) personal information you provide voluntarily, such as when you provide us with your information to place an order or when you request or register to receive samples and other informational materials from us; and (2) tracking information we may collect as you navigate through the Website.
Please see the section below captioned “How You May Opt Out of Our Information Uses” regarding your right to ask us not to use your information for certain purposes.
Personal Information
We may ask for your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card information and other personal information. We use this information to customize your online experience, provide you with personalized email and direct mail messages about Carlisle and help us improve the Website.
Tracking Information/Cookies
When you visit our Website, we may collect tracking information such as your browser type, the type of operating system you use, which pages you visited on our Website and which search terms you entered. We use cookies, Web beacons and other technologies for analysis and personalized services.
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your computer by our Website’s server. We use cookies to collect tracking information and to remember information you have given us. This is done so that you don’t have to re-enter the information each time you visit our Website. Most web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with an opportunity to refuse that cookie or to remove it later. Please note that if you remove or chose not to accept our cookies, you will need to re-enter your information and reselect your preferences each time you visit our Website.
How Your Information Will Be Used
We will use the information we collect from and about you for various purposes, including responding to your requests, providing you with additional information about Carlisle, improving our Website, customizing your experience on our Website and monitoring postings on any bulletin board, blog, or chat areas we may make available to you. Our primary goal is to provide you with a customized experience and all information necessary for you to gain a full understanding of Carlisle and the services we offer.
How Your Information Will Be Shared
We value your privacy and will not sell your personal information to third parties. However, we may share your information with third parties under limited circumstances, such as:
Service Providers. We may share your information with third-party service providers who help us operate and maintain our Website or deliver our services (such as conducting telephone surveys for marketing purposes). Any third-party service provider with whom we share your information will be contractually restricted from using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than as necessary to provide the services for which the information was disclosed.
For Legal Purposes. We will release information when we believe we are legally required to do so, such as in response to a court order or subpoena. We may also be required to release information if we are purchasing or selling a business, although in such cases your information would normally be covered by a non-disclosure agreement.
Aggregate Information. We may disclose to third parties non-personally-identifiable aggregate statistics, such as overall patterns or demographic reports, regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and marketing materials. Aggregate disclosures will not describe or identify any individual user.
Our Website may offer its users the opportunity to share User Content (as that term is defined in our “Terms of Use”) – for instance, on blogs or message boards. If you choose to use these features, you should be aware that any personal information you submit through these features can be read, collected, or used by other viewers of these features and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Please note that Carlisle is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit via these features.
How You May Opt Out of Our Information Uses
If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us in the future, you may opt out by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link included in any marketing email or by contacting us at the postal or email address at the beginning of this Privacy Policy, in the Section captioned “Contact Us.” We will make reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly.
You cannot opt out of our use of your information for legal purposes or to respond to a request that you initiated.
Updating or Correcting Your Information
Please let us know if any information you have provided to us is incorrect or incomplete, and we will use reasonable efforts to update or correct it promptly.
Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect. We maintain a secure process to collect, transmit and store your personal information.
Please note that no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure, so we cannot guarantee that such information will never be accessed, used, or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
If we introduce password-protected features, we urge you to keep any online password we may provide you in a safe place and not to disclose it to anyone. Also remember to sign out and close your browser window when you have finished your visit, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place, such as a library or Internet cafe.
Minors
This Website is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 on our Website. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 13 on our Website, we will delete the information from our records.
Last Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated and is effective as of August 3, 2012.
Secure Shopping
We make sure that your information is protected as you send it to us.
Our secure server software (SSL) is among the best technology available today. It encrypts (scrambles in code) all personal data you share with us, including your credit card and telephone numbers, name and address. Wideplankflooring.com is so confident in our systems that we ensure 100% safety in the transactions you make with us.*
In the rare event that unauthorized charges are made to your credit card during a transaction with us, you will not be held responsible in any way. Under federal law, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, Wideplankflooring.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50. Wideplankflooring.com will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own, on purchases made at Wideplankflooring.com while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, in order to qualify for the Wideplankflooring.com security guarantee, you must undertake any steps required by federal law and your credit card agreement, including any provision requiring you to notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If you have any questions regarding federal laws, contact your state’s attorney general or the United States Department of the Treasury.
Build Your Floor
Explore Collections
How to Buy
Download Brochure
Engineered vs Solid Guide
View Selected Samples
Finalize Order
Return to Samples