https://www.vantagepointsoftware.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyAmanda White2020-10-05T15:51:04-04:00
Last modified: April 16th, 2020
Our Privacy Policy:
Vantagepoint AI, LLC and VantagePoint Intermarket Analysis Software (collectively “us,” “we,” “our” or the “Company”) respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when visiting our website www.vantagepointsoftware.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy is only applicable to information we collect on the Site, in e-mail or other electronic messages between you and the Site or through mobile or desktop applications you download from the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means (except for cell phone numbers obtaining from prospective customers texting into the Company in response to a radio advertisement as the radio advertisement does direct listeners to this privacy policy giving the Company consent to message and call) or any third party websites that you may be able to access or link to from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is also a part of our Site Terms and Conditions, and by accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Site after we make any changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. If at any time you find these terms and conditions unacceptable, please leave the site immediately. Please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
CONSENT TO RECEIVE CALLS
By completing an electronic form on the Company’s website or partner sites, by texting in, calling in or any other means of inquiring about the Company or Company products, I agree to be contacted by the Company, or an affiliate of the Company with common ownership, at the phone number I provided in the form or texted in from. You may be contacted by text message (msg & data rates may apply) and/or phone (using automated dialing technology), even if your phone number is mobile or on any Do Not Call list or called even if you have opted out of receiving SMS text messages. I understand that I do not need to agree to receive such calls in order to purchase Company property, goods or services.
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
TRAFFIC DATA
We automatically track and collect several types of information from and about users of the Site, including the following: (1) your IP address; (2) your internet service provider; (3) your browser type and version, (4) your operating system; (5) your location; and (6) other information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns (collectively “Traffic Data”).
Traffic Data is anonymous; however, we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. This information is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site.
The technologies we use to collect this Traffic Data include:
Cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on the Site and identify repeat visitors to the Site. We may use cookies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third party website or other online services (behavioral tracking). You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Site may use locally stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons/Clear Gifs. Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). If you would like to opt-out of our emails please see below.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may request that you provide us with certain information that is about you but individually does not identify you or that personally identifies you (collectively, “Personal Information”). Other than as described herein, we do not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
Personal Information may include information that you provide by filling in forms on the Site, posts to our social media outlets, records and copies of correspondence if you contact us, responses to surveys, details of transactions and fulfillment of orders conducted through the Site, and other information we identify from our outside third party partners. Categories of Personal Information include the following: (1) your contact data (such as your name, e-mail address, and phone number); (2) your financial data (such as your credit card information); (3) demographic data (such as mailing address); and (4) information about your trading activities that you provide to us.
You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however, you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information.
You also may provide information to be published, displayed or posted on public areas of the Site, or transmitted to other users of the Site or third parties. These are referred to as User Contributions. Your User Contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we may limit access to certain pages and/or allow you to set certain privacy settings for such information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Site with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
COMPANY USE
We may use information we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
To send you information about relevant products and/or services, promotional material or to contact you when
To present the Site and its contents to you.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to the Site or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information we collect about you or that you provide to us:
To our subsidiaries and affiliated third parties in order to alert or provide integral or requested services to our users.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may also disclose your Personal Information: (a) to comply with a court order, government request or other legal process; (b) to protect our rights or property or that of our customers or others; or (c) to enforce our Terms and Conditions or any other agreements we have with you.
You acknowledge that once your Personal Information is shared with or transferred to a third party as provided herein, the use of your Personal Information will then be governed by the privacy policies of those third parties and is not subject to our control. If contacted by those third parties, you should directly inquire to them about the use of your Personal Information.
If you do not want us to share your personal information with affiliated, unaffiliated or third parties for products, services or promotional purposes, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to privacy@vantagepointsoftware.com. If we have sent you an e-mail, you may “unsubscribe” or opt-out of our emails at any time. Instructions for opting out are clearly communicated in each and every email message or you may contact us directly. The above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any unaffiliated third parties.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
This Site is not intended for users under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a person submitting information is under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. By using this Site, you hereby represent that you are at least 13. If you believe we might have information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the contact information under the heading Updates/Changes to Privacy Policy below.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a resident of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, you have the right to request from companies conducting business in California certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@vantagepointsoftware.com.
UPDATES/CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us by sending a letter or email to:
Vantagepoint ai, LLC
5807 Old Pasco Road
Wesley Chapel, FL 33544
813-973-0496
You may also contact us by e-mail at privacy@vantagepointsoftware.com.
Go to Top