http://www.fgb.com.au/content/privacy-policy-0
Skip to main content
Trustpilot
Home/Privacy Policy
Shop By Products
All Products
New Products
Specials
Bargains
Eucalyptus
Laundry
Cleaning
Lavender
Tea Tree
Commercial
Aromatherapy
Therapeutic
Cold & Flu
Head Lice
Nutritional & Dietary Supplements
Thermometers
Fertility
Skin Care
Shop By Brands
Bosisto's
Euky Bear
Extralife
Vicks
Braun
Baby Start
Special Interest
Business Needs Gymnasiums
Cleaning Professionals
Physiotherapists and Chiropractors
Child Care Centres
Doctors' Surgeries and Medical Clinics
Hospitals
Veterinarians
Nursing Homes
Hotels and Motels
Offices and Stores
Personal Needs Aromatherapy Made Simple
Coughs and Colds
Sore Throat
Health and Wellbeing
Muscle Aches and Pains
Foot Care
Laundry
Bathroom
Kitchen
Bedroom
Cleaning
Privacy Policy
Background and scope
FGB Natural Products is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information it collects and receives. We are required to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act).
This policy explains how FGB collects, uses, discloses and otherwise handles personal information relating to individuals.  It also explains how you can ask to access and correct the personal information we hold about you or complain about any suspected privacy breach. Nothing in this policy limits any of our other obligations at law.
Collection of personal information
FGB is required to collect personal information only by lawful and fair means. Where possible we will collect personal information we require directly from you.
Personal information we hold may include your name, current address, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, identification information, household details, payment and transaction details/history, records of your communications and interactions with us, and details/history of preferences, interests and behaviour relating to transactions, products, services and activity with our digital services.
Personal information entered into the FGB Natural Products database will not be used or disclosed by us, except as authorised by you to perform our services for you.  FGB do not disclose or sell database information to third parties.
Where FGB collects your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to notify you of:
the purposes for which we are collecting the information and
how to access and correct personal information and make privacy complaints
On-line Privacy Security
FGB Natural Products will endeavour to take reasonable steps to ensure that we hold personal information in a secure environment accessed by authorised persons for approved business purposes.  However, no data transmissions via the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure.  Braun will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to personal information.
Links from FGB's website to other websites are not under the control of FGB and we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of each web site prior to use.
Cookies through the Braun website
Most internet browsers are set to accept cookies. If you prefer not to receive them, you can adjust your internet browser to reject cookies, or to notify you when they are being used. Rejecting cookies can, however, limit the functionality of our website.
No Sale of Personal Information
FGB will not sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing personal information.
Unsolicited information
Unsolicited personal information is personal information we receive that we have taken no active steps to collect. If the information we receive is not required for Braun to perform one or more of our services we will destroy or de-identify the information as soon as practicable.
Quality of personal information
FGB Natural Products takes reasonable steps to make sure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, the accuracy of that information depends to a large extent on the information you provide.  We recommend that you:
let us know if there are any errors in your personal information
keep us up-to-date with changes to your information
Security of personal information
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
You can also help to protect the privacy of your personal information by keeping passwords secret and by ensuring that you log out of the website when you have completed your transaction. If you become aware of any security breach, please contact FGB head office as soon as possible.
We will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer needed for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed.
FGB is not responsible for the privacy or security of third party websites that you access via links on the FGB website.
Access to personal information
You are able to access your personal information that we hold, with some exceptions as allowed by law. To obtain a copy of your personal information, write to the Privacy Officer, FGB Natural Products Head Office requesting the information and we will provide it to you.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about how FGB has collected, stored or used your personal information, please contact Privacy Officer, FGB Natural Products Head office. We will endeavour to address your complaint and take any steps necessary to resolve the matter within 7 business days.  If your complaint is unable to be resolved within 7 business days, FGB will advise you in writing including letting you know when we expect to provide our response.
Contact us
Please address correspondence to;
Privacy Officer
FGB Natural Products
61 – 81 Clarinda Road,
Oakleigh South VIC 3167.
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and Australian Privacy Principles (APP)
For more information about OAIC visit the website at  www.oaic.gov.au
For more information about Australian Privacy Principles as at 12 March 2014 click here.
Updated: 14 March, 2014.
Home
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Online Store T's & C's
Sitemap
©Felton Grimwade & Bosisto's 2016.  All Rights Reserved. Admin LoginSite by Fastdesign