https://www.024zone.com/privacy-policy/
Order Toll-Free or Online(866) 902-8594(866) 902-8594
Toggle navigation
Home
Medical Studies
Endorsements
About Us
Resellers
Contact Us
Order Now
O24™ ZonePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information.
Commitment to Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Information Collected:
The types of personal information we collect include all the information entered on the Order Form pages: shipping and billing name and address, email address, phone number and credit card information. We collect this information from you using the Yahoo Store hosting and backend services.
Uses of Information:
We use the information you provide when placing an order to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order or to provide services where the outside party is acting on our behalf and has no independent right to use the information we provide (i.e. a third party shipping or customer support center).
We may contact you from time to time regarding your order status or about products or specials that we think you may be interested in. If you do not wish to receive these notifications, we will honor your request not to send them to you.
We use return email addresses from your email correspondence to us to answer the email we receive. Such addresses from your correspondence are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information from our online store from those we actually know are under the age of 13.
Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies:
Yahoo Store uses cookies to facilitate the checkout process. If you choose to change your browser preferences to disable cookies, you will still be able to make purchases at our store but you will be limited in the number of items you can purchase at one time. In addition, Yahoo Store provides tools for merchants, which utilize IP addresses, in order to enable us to see how customers shopped at our store.
Yahoo Store uses secure servers to protect all of your personal information including your name, address and credit card information. As a Yahoo Store, our Yahoo Store enabled checkout process uses industry-standard SSL encryption to ensure the privacy and security of your information.
Access and Data Correction:
You can access and correct your order and contact information by contacting us. You can also access your order history on Yahoo Shopping if you are a registered Yahoo user.