http://www.intelexltd.com/privacy-policy/
Intelex Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 8, 2020
Protecting your privacy is fundamental to the way Intelex, Ltd. (collectively, “Intelex,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) conducts its business. Keeping your information safe and confidential has always been our policy. This Privacy Policy will help you understand how we collect and use personal information from those who visit our website (www.intelexltd.com) and what we will and will not do with the information we collect.
This Privacy Policy applies to Intelex’s website only and it governs any and all data collection and usage by us. Through the use of our website, www.intelexltd.com, you are consenting to the data collection and use procedures expressed in this Policy.
Please note that this Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that we do not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by us. If you visit a website that we mention or link to, including but not limited to Intelex’s service platform, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with any information. Intelex does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices, and/or procedures of third-party websites. It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent to better understand the way in which websites collect, make use of, and share the information collected.
Among other information, this Policy will inform you of the following:
What is personal information;
How we collect personal information through our website;
What are cookies and similar technologies and what types do we use;
Why we collect personal information (and the legal basis for such collection, if applicable);
How we use the collected information and with whom it may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your personal information; and
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
What is Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that can be used to identify you, directly or indirectly, alone or together with other information. This includes things such as your full name, email address, phone number, precise location, device IDs, and certain cookie and network identifiers.
Under certain circumstances, personal information may also include other, more technical, information that can reasonably link to a particular person, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses or unique device identification numbers.
How We Collect Personal Information
Intelex’s website is provided for informational purposes only. If you contact us through our website, we will receive your name, email address and any comment or question included in your message. Additionally, our website, like most websites, uses “cookies” and similar technologies. Certain information about you is automatically collected when you visit our website, which uses cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information and enable websites to collect information and provide you with a faster and easier experience. Our web server may collect certain information from visitors, such as IP address, browser type and version, time zone setting, or operating system and platform.
We use or may use the cookies or similar tracking technology described below on our website. We also may use web logs, pixel tags, or web beacons, which are pieces of code that may be used to read and place cookies on a web browser, to collect information about how you interact with websites.
Essential Cookies: We use cookies that are essential to making the site work. These types of cookies enable you to move around the site and use their features. For example, we may use cookies to record a user login, manage user sessions, authenticate users, or adjust settings and functionality on the site. Without these cookies, we may not be able to provide the services that are necessary for you to be able to use the site.
Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to improve our sites’ functionality by tracking usage. In some cases, these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you have selected.
Google Analytics: We use third-party web analytics services on our website, such as those of Google Analytics, to help us analyze how users use our website. The information (including your IP address) collected by the technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of their services. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt out Browser Add-on by clicking here. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Useand the Google Privacy Policy.
Embedded URLs: Intelex may use embedded URLs to allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the electronic channels but are not associated with personal information and are not used beyond the session.
Embedded Pixels and Similar Technologies: Intelex may use embedded pixel technologies for the purposes of identifying unique user visits and for advertising purposes. Embedded pixels or other technologies may be used in e-mails and our online display advertising to provide information on when the e-mail or ad was opened to track marketing campaign responsiveness.
You can control or reset your cookies through your web browser, which will allow you to customize your cookie preference, including the capability to illuminate all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information for a variety of reasons:
To better understand your needs and provide you with the services you are inquiring about or requested;
To fulfill our legitimate interest in improving our services and products; and
To send you promotional emails containing information we think you may like or to contact you to participate in other types of market research, but only when we have your consent to do so.
The data we collect from you will be stored for no longer than necessary. The length of time we retain said information will be determined based upon the following criteria: the length of time your personal information remains relevant, the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our duties and obligations; any limitation periods within which claims may be made; any retention periods prescribed by law or recommended by regulators, professional bodies or associations; the type of contact we have with you, the existence of your consent, and our legitimate interest in keeping such information as stated in this Policy.
How We Use Personal Information
We use the personal information we collected from you only to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, you may provide us with personal information in order to inquire about some of our services. In that case, we use your personal information to make contact with you so we can answer your specific question(s) about our service offerings. We may also use your personal information for other reasons, such as to improve the operation of our website or to ensure delivery of the services you requested. At times, we may find it necessary to use your personal information as a means to keep you informed, such as when there is a change in our products and services offering, but only if you have provided your consent.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Intelex greatly respects your privacy. While we do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as security breaches and/or to notify you of changes in our products and services), we do not sell or otherwise share your personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. We do not use or disclose the information you provided, except under the following circumstances:
as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which you provided your personal information;
in other ways described in this Policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
as required by law, or in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
as necessary to maintain, safeguard and preserve all the rights and property of Intelex, Ltd.; or
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us. To discontinue, please email us with the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of your email at: privacy@intelexltd.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out of any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out. Intelex will continue to adhere to this Policy with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa.
Data Security
We have measures in place designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access and disclosures. When you submit your personal information via our website, your information is protected both online and offline. Whenever we collect personal information (i.e. your name or email address) through our website, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the webpage. We also protect your information when it’s offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, who will be responding to your inquiry) are granted access to your personal information. The computers and servers in which we store personal information are kept in a secure environment. This is all done to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of your personal information under our control.
Unfortunately, transmission of information via the Internet is never completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to us through our website or other electronic means. Any electronic transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any given time. We will post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on our website. If we make material changes to how we treat personal information we collect from you, we will notify you through a notice on our website homepage. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified above.
Acceptance of Terms
By using this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the Privacy Policy. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our site. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and your acceptance of such changes.
Children under the age of 13
Intelex’s website is not directed to, and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from, children under the age of thirteen (13). If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database, or in the alternative, that verifiable parental consent is obtained for the use and storage of such information. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address:
Email: privacy@intelexltd.com
Telephone: 203-921-0316
Mailing Address: Intelex, Ltd., 68 Southfield Ave, Two Stamford Landing, Ste 100, Stamford CT 06902
Let Us Answer Your Questions
Full Name*Email*
PhoneCommentsWould you like to receive e-mails from us in the future?*YesNoCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
MENU
Intelex, LTD.
HomeAbout
Our ProcessOur People, Your TeamManagementClientele Back
Services
Consulting »
Pre Deal & Asset Intelligence for Due Diligence InvestigationsMarket IntelligenceStrategic Acquisition SearchesGlobal Market Research Consultancy & Intelligence AnalystCompetitive Market Intelligence Back
Due Diligence »
Executive Level Background ChecksCorporate Profiles Back
Investigative »
Litigation SupportCorporate InvestigationsIP InfringementInternal TheftEmployee MisconductInsurance FraudAsset & Reputation Protection Services Back
Back
Global Capabilities
North AmericaSouth AmericaEuropeAsiaSouth Africa Back
ResourcesMediaContact
× Close Panel