http://www.apollocolours.co.uk/terms/terms.php
127 Nathan WayWest Thamesmead Business ParkLondonSE28 0AB
Tel: 44 (0) 208 854 0017
email:
Home
About Us
Products
UK Online Ordering
SCREEN INKS
Inks for Plastic 1
Inks for Plastic 2
Inks for Metal
Inks for Paper & Board
Inks for Textiles
UV Screen Inks
Speciality Inks
WATERLESS PRESS INKS
WET PLATE PRESS INKS
CREDIT CARD INKS
SECURITY INKS
SUNDRIES
Colour Chart
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Talk to us
If you have any requirements, please give us a call and we can discuss your needs.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Apollo Colours Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for use of theAPOLLO COLOURS Website
In these Terms and Conditions "we, our, us, Apollo Colours Ltd" refers to Apollo Colours Ltd.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
By accessing the content of
www. apollocolours.co.uk ("the Website") you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out herein and you accept our privacy policy available at:
www.apollocolours.co.uk/privacy
If you object to any of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement you should not use any of the products or services on the Website and leave immediately.
You agree that you shall not use the Website for illegal purposes, and will respect all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the website in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt the content or otherwise reduce the overall functionality of the Website. You also agree not to compromise the security of the Website or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.
You agree to be fully responsible for any claim, expense, liability, losses, costs including legal fees incurred by us arising from any infringement of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement.
MODIFICATION
Apollo Colours Ltd reserve the right to change any part of this agreement without notice and your use of the Website will be deemed as acceptance of this agreement. We advise users to regularly check the Terms and Conditions of this agreement.
Apollo Colours Ltd have complete discretion to modify or remove any part of this site without warning or liability arising from such action.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Apollo Colours Ltd will under no circumstance be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages including any loss of business, revenue, profits, or data in relation to your use of the Website.
Nothing within this Agreement will operate to exclude any liability for death or personal injury arising as result of the negligence of Apollo Colours Ltd, its employees or agents.
COPYRIGHT
All intellectual property of Apollo Colours Ltd such as trademarks, trade names, patents, registered designs and any other automatic intellectual property rights derived from the aesthetics or functionality of the Website remain the property of Apollo Colours Ltd.
By using the Website you agree to respect the intellectual property rights of Apollo Colours Ltd and will refrain from copying, downloading, transmitting, reproducing, printing, or exploiting for commercial purpose any material contained within the Website.
DISCLAIMERS
The information is provided on the understanding that the website is not engaged in rendering advice and should not be wholly relied upon when making any related decision.
The information contained with the Website is provided on an "as is" basis with no warranties expressed or otherwise implied relating to the accuracy, fitness for purpose, compatibility or security of any components of the Website.
We do not guarantee uninterrupted availability of the www.apollocolours.co.uk
Website and cannot provide any representation that using the Website will be error free.
THIRD PARTIES
The Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by other parties. We do not control such websites and we take no responsibility for, and will not incur any liability in respect of, their content. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of views, statements or information contained in such websites.
SEVERANCE
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and the remaining provisions shall remain in force.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and any user of the Website hereby agrees to be bound exclusively by the jurisdiction of English courts without reference to rules governing choice of laws.
LONDON HEAD OFFICE and EXPORT
Tel: 44 (0) 208 854 0017
Fax: 44 (0) 208 316 6956
127 Nathan WayWest Thamesmead Business ParkLondonSE28 0AB
LIVERPOOL UK - SCREEN INK
Tel: 44 (0) 151 922 5665
Fax: 44 (0) 151 933 5667
Unit E4Kingfisher Business ParkHawthorne RoadBootleLiverpoolL20 6PF
BOGNOR - LITHO UK AND OVERSEAS
Tel: 44 (0) 1243 838490
Fax: 44 (0) 1243 870514
Unit 14South Bersted Industrial EstateDurham RoadBognor RegisWest SussexPO22 9QT
Home |
About |
Products |
Colour Chart |
Contact |
Terms |
Privacy
This site uses cookies and by using the site you are consenting to this. Find out why we use cookies and how to manage your settings: More about cookies
© Kingsley Internet Solutions Ltd 2015