https://www.dec-o-art.com/privacy-policy-2/
PRIVACY POLICY
Making Labels and Decals Since 1971
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Dec-O-Art,
Inc., doing business as DOA (“DOA”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to
protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any
questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your
personal information, please contact us at dataofficer@dec-o-art.com.
When you visit our website https://www.dec-o-art.com,
mobile application, Facebook application, and use our services, you trust us
with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this
privacy policy, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in
the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what
rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through
it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy
that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our
services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through
our website (such as https://www.dec-o-art.com),
mobile application, Facebook application, (“Apps”), and/or any
related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in
this privacy policy as the “Services”).
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you
make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:  We collect personal information that you provide
to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data,
and payment information.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to
us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our
products and services, when participating in activities on the Services or Apps
or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context
of your interactions with us and the Services or Apps, the choices you make and
the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can
include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name,
email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar
security information used for authentication and account access.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true,
complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser
and device characteristics – may be collected automatically when you visit our
Services or Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use
or navigate the Services or Apps. This information does not reveal your
specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include
device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device
characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device
name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services or
Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to
maintain the security and operation of our Services or Apps, and for our
internal analytics and reporting purposes.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We process your information for purposes based
on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you,
compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Services or Apps
for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal
information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business
interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your
consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the
specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or
our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to
us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing
preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see “7.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS” below).
Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to
fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through
the Services or Apps.
To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Services or
Apps that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we
will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to
update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at dataofficer@dec-o-art.com and be
sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information
to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who
do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its
effectiveness.
Request Feedback. We may use your information to request
feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services or Apps.
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for Business
Purposes, Legal Reasons and Contractual.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a
subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to
determine how to respond.
To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the
purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To deliver services to the user. We may use your information to
provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.  We
may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential
issues you might have with the use of our Services.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for
other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends,
determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and
improve our Services or Apps, products, marketing and your experience. We may
use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is
not associated with individual end users and does not include personal
information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your
consent.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to
comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to
fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific
consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably
necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract
with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our
contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are
legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental
requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in
response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response
to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we
believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving
potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as
evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share
your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We
may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or
agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such
information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data
analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing
efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the
Services or Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact
with the Services or Apps over time. This information may be used to, among
other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain
content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy,
we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties
for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in
connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets,
financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another
company.
4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We keep your information for as long as
necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless
otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer
retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or
other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping
your personal information for longer than 1 year.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not
possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in
backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and
isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information
through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational
security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information
we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the
internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your
personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our
Services or Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services
within a secure environment.
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:  We do not knowingly collect data from or market
to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit data from or
market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services or Apps, you
represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of
such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services or Apps.
If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has
been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to
promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we
have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at dataofficer@dec-o-art.com.
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  You may review, change, or terminate your
account at any time.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you
believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have
the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You
can find their contact details here:  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate
to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing
activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for
recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not
currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that
automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard
for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will
inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you
are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine
The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and
obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of
personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct
marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which
we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If
you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please
submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided
below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have
a registered account with the Services or Apps, you have the right to request
removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services or Apps. To
request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information
provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and
a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not
publicly displayed on the Services or Apps, but please be aware that the data
may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to
stay compliant with relevant laws. We may update this privacy policy from time
to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and
the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make
material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by
prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be
informed of how we are protecting your information.
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may
contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by email at dataofficer@dec-o-art.com, by phone
at 800-225-6879, or by post to:
Dec-O-Art, Inc.
c/o Data Officer
3914 Lexington Park Dr.    Elkhart, IN 46514
United States
We’ll ship your products on the confirmed shipping date of your order or we’ll discount that product by 3 percent per working day for every day we are late (maximum discount is 30 percent).
Need Labels Now?
Need labels right away so your line doesn’t shut down? We can produce and ship many decals and labels in 24 hours.
Stocking Programs
We offer flexible programs to fit your needs – including Kanban systems.
Contact us for details
We’ll ship your products on the confirmed shipping date of your order or we’ll discount that product by 3 percent per working day for every day we are late (maximum discount is 30 percent).
WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY
“From all the members of the sourcing and production staff at Crown, we really appreciate your willingness to move heaven and earth for our front panel displays.
From the Directors of Crown to the individual manufacturing associate, we (Crown) know who saved our Olympic Production Orders. These faceplates will be used on amps for the Olympic Summer Games in London. You have a great staff. I look forward to continuing and expanding our business relationship.”
John Southern,Harman International – Crown Audio Division
READ MORE