http://www.tensor.co.uk/news/we-are-open-and-ready-to-help/
+44 (0)1480 215530
Helpdesk: +44 (0)1480 211594
Time & Attendance
Time & Attendance Hardware
Biometric Time & Attendance
Clocking Terminal
Hand Scanner Terminal
Smart Cards
Facial Recognition Time and Attendance
Time & Attendance Software
WinTA.NET
Self Service Module (SSM)
Mobile SSM App
Construction CSCS Card
Capita SIMS Module
Fire Roll Call App
Time & Attendance Case Studies
Pennine Healthcare:..Tensor and..Daher Aerospace..Read more
Access Control
Access Control Hardware
Door Controllers
Proximity Card Readers
Long-Range Card Readers & RF Receivers
Biometric Readers
ievo Biometric Readers
Gates, Barriers & Turnstiles
Smart Cards
Helios IP Intercom
Facial Recognition Access Control
Contactless Exit Buttons
Access Control Software
WinAC.NET
Construction CSCS Card
Other
Construction Site Security
Access Control Case Studies
Pennine Healthcare:..Daher Aerospace..Tensor is just..Read more
Visitor Monitoring
Monitoring Contractor and Visitor Systems
MCVS
Self-Service Visitor Management (SSVM) App
Prison Pass
Badge ID
Visitor Monitoring Case Studies
Second Largest..Thomas Swan..Teknoflex use..Read more
Human Resources
Human Resources Management Software
WinHR Start
WinHR Lite
WinHR Business
WinHR Enterprise
Human Resources Management Case Studies
Daher Aerospace..Tensor brings..Tensor speeds..Read more
CCTV
CCTV and Integrated Systems
CCTV Surveillance
CCTV Systems
Integrated Solutions
Remote Monitoring
Facial Recognition
Mobile Facial Recognition
ANPR Solutions
CCTV Case Studies
Tensor CCTV..Building s..DHL Inside..Read more
Building Management Systems
BMS
Energy Management
Company
Our Company
About Us
Accreditations
Jobs
COVID SECURE
Our Customers
Customers
Case Studies
Our Partners
Distributors
Technology Partners
Customer Support
Helpdesk Support
Book a Demo - On-Site / Online
We Are Open!
Contact Us
Name:
Company:
Email:
Telephone:
Enquiry:
Please leave this field empty.
Please read the Tensor Privacy Policy before submitting your enquiry.
I acknowledge and agree to Tensor PLC's Privacy Policy, available here.
We are Open and Ready to Help
16th April 2020 3:43 pm Leave a Comment
Tensor is part of the essential supply network for multiple key worker industries including the Emergency Services, Food Manufacturing & Packaging, Utilities, Education, Communications & Financial Services and continue to support many of our customers in the wider Manufacturing industry.
We are open and fully operational to continue assisting & serving our customers and to provide vital support for these businesses in fulfilling their mission critical works related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
We are also enabling businesses that are closed to ensure their sites are secure, therefore protecting themselves in the unprecedented situation we find ourselves in.
Throughout Tensor, our dedicated team members are observing strict guidelines regarding social distancing & safe working practises, with virtually all office staff working remotely from home. However, the business operation and high standards of service remain unchanged.
Tensor Operational Response to COVID-19 Pandemic – Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Over the past few weeks, we have been in contact with a number of existing and prospective customers, and based on these conversations we have put together a set of answers to some of the questions you might have for us:
Q: Are you open during the COVID-19 lockdown?A: Yes. We are open, and our existing and prospective customers continue to engage with our sales, support and operations teams as normal. Although mostly remote, our teams are maintaining the high level of service our customers are accustomed to. Please email sales@tensor.co.uk for more information.
Q: Are you taking on new customers during the COVID-19 lockdown?A: Yes. We would be more than happy to hear from you and assist you with your remote workforce management, time and attendance, access control, visitor monitoring, CCTV, facial recognition and energy management requirements.
Our Sales Department will be able to engage with you using popular, web-based platforms, and also conduct demos of our Tensor.NET software platform, Self-Service Module and Self-Service Mobile APP, Fire Roll Call App, Self-Service Visitor Management and many more. Please email enquiries@tensor.co.uk for more information or Book an Online Demo directly.
Q: Do you still provide helpdesk support?A: Yes. While we’re following Government guidelines very strictly, we still encourage our clients to contact us as normal with any support requirements they may have. Please contact helpdesk@tensor.co.uk for more information.
Q: Do you still provide technical on-site support (engineer site visits) when required?A: Yes. Our engineers travel to site in individual vehicles and are supplied the necessary PPE equipment to ensure their own safety and that of our customers.
Q: Are you still completing scheduled works and taking on new projects during the COVID-19 outbreak?A: Yes. We have an extensive level of experience in completing large-scale projects with minimum interruptions to our customers’ daily activities. Our engineers will continue working on existing or new projects while respecting all social distancing rules, and our Systems engineers can also help deploy Tensor software remotely, with only minimal support from our customers’ own IT departments.
Q: This would be a very good opportunity for our staff to refresh their knowledge of the Tensor software. Do you offer remote / online training?A: Yes. Our trainers can deliver a wide variety of training courses using widely-accessible web-based solutions to minimise IT interaction required. Please contact your account manager, email enquiries@tensor.co.uk for more information or Book an Online Training Course directly.
Supporting our Customers Through These Challenging Times
We will continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 and adhere to Government recommendations.
You can be assured of our continuing support at this challenging time and we will update you with any changes as necessary.
Should you have any further questions as to how we are responding to the pandemic, please do not hesitate to contact us.
• Visit us on-line at www.tensor.co.uk and contact us via the online chat service or one of our booking forms.• Email us at sales@tensor.co.uk• Call us on 01480 215530. Reception will answer as normal between 08:00 and 17:00. The after-hours messaging system will still function as normal.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment
Name *
Email *
Website
Email
+44 (0)1480 215530
Follow Us
Testimonials
"On average we have around 160 employees at the factory. They find the Smart Card system fast and easy to use. After it was installed and we received our onsite training the system ran smoothly. The system has not given us any problems since it was installed. We still don’t use the full capabilities of the Tensor system."David Jarvis, Technical Manager, SSL International.
More
Latest Case Studies
Pennine Healthcare: In Peak Health..HeatingSave – The Ideal Heating..Tensor and John Smedley – Tight-Knit..Read more Case Studies
Latest News
Mobile Clocking Apps – A Must..Mobile Workforce Management Solutions..Contactless Access Control and..Read more News
Latest Software Updates
Introducing “Track and Trace..Contactless, Safe Operation, SSVM..Tensor Self-Service Module (SSM)..Read more Software Updates - New Features
Tensor in the community
Tensor donation helps bring festive..Tensor plc COVID-19 Notificati..Tensor sponsors the purchase of..Read more Tensor in the community
Time & Attendance
Access Control
Visitor Monitoring
Human Resources
CCTV Systems
Energy Management
Login
Customer Support Site
Contact Us
Jobs / Careers
Accreditations
Technology Partners
GDPR
Customers
Distributors
EU WTD
Links
Book a Demo
About Us
COVID SECURE
How To Find Us
Privacy Policy
Support
Online Shop
Tensor plc Hail Weston House, Hail Weston, St Neots, Cambs, PE19 5JY Tel: +44 (0)1480 215530 Fax +44(0)1480 223966 Company Number 02718543 VAT 605952045. All content © 2020 Tensor plc