http://www.hitechltd.com/terms-conditions/
home
about us
capabilities
markets & sectors
news & projects
careers
contact us
+44 (0) 23 9278 8887
sales@hitechltd.com
terms & conditions
Home
acceptance of terms of use for this website
1.1 YOU MUST READ THESE WEBSITE TERMS OF USE (“TERMS”) CAREFULLY. Hi-Technology Ltd PROVIDE THIS WEBSITE TO YOU, YOUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND CONTRACTORS, AND ANY OTHER ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS (COLLECTIVELY “YOU”), SUBJECT TO THESE TERMS. THESE TERMS ARE ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN Hi-Technology Ltd AND YOU, AND YOU ACCEPT THEM BY: (a) PLACING AN ORDER THROUGH THIS WEBSITE; (b) USING THE WEBSITE IN ANY OTHER MANNER; AND/OR? ACKNOWLEDGING AGREEMENT WITH THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
your obligations and conduct
2.1 In consideration of Your use of the Website, You agree to: (a) provide accurate, current, and complete information about You as may be prompted by a registration form on the Website (the “Registration Data”); (b) maintain the security of your password and identification; (c) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, and any information You provide to Hi-Technology Ltd, to keep it accurate, current and complete; and (d) accept all risks of unauthorized access to information and Registration Data. You have sole responsibility for adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment used in connection with the Website.
2.2 You agree that You will not use the Website to: (a) transmit spam, bulk or unsolicited communications; (b) pretend to be Hi-Technology Ltd or someone else, or spoof Hi-Technology Ltd or someone else’s identity; (c) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers (including URLs) in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Services; (d) misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to use the Website; (f) engage in activities that would violate any fiduciary relationship, any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law, including but not limited to attempting to compromise the security of any networked account or site, operating an illegal lottery or gambling operation, stalking, or making threats of harm; or (g) collect or store personal data about other users unless specifically authorized by such users.
confidentiality of hi-technology ltd information
3.1 You may obtain direct access via the Website to certain confidential information of Hi-Technology Ltd and its suppliers, including without limitation technical, contractual, product, program, pricing, marketing and other valuable information that should reasonably be understood as confidential (“Confidential Information”). You must hold Confidential Information in strict confidence. Title to Confidential Information remains with Hi-Technology Ltd and its suppliers.
3.2 Your obligations regarding Confidential Information expire five (5) years after the date of disclosure. Upon termination of the Terms or Hi-Technology Ltd written request, You must cease use of Confidential Information and return or destroy it.
content provided via links
You may find links to other Internet sites or resources on the Website. You acknowledge and agree that Hi-Technology Ltd is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Hi-Technology Ltd will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any actual or alleged damage or loss caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
intellectual property rights
5.1 Except as expressly authorized by Hi-Technology Ltd or by Content providers, You agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, mirror, frame, republish, download, transmit, or create derivative works of the Content of others, in whole or in part, by any means. You must not modify, decompile, or reverse engineer any software Hi-Technology Ltd discloses to You, and You must not remove or modify any copyright or trademark notice, or other notice of ownership.
5.2 Hi-Technology Ltd is committed to respecting others’ intellectual property rights, and we ask our users to do the same. If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement on our Website, please contact us.
hi-technology Ltd privacy policy
You consent to the collection, processing and storage by Hi-Technology Ltd of Your personal information in accordance with the terms of Hi-Technology Ltd Privacy Policy, which is available at here. You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and the terms of Hi-Technology Ltd Privacy Policy, with respect to any access, use and/or submission by You of any personal information in connection with this Website.
general terms
7.1 The Terms constitute the entire agreement between You and Hi-Technology Ltd relating to their subject matter, and cancel and supersede any prior versions of the Terms. No modification to the Terms will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized Hi-Technology Ltd representative. You must not assign or otherwise transfer the Terms or any right granted hereunder. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when You use Hi-Technology Ltd or third-party products or services.
7.2 You agree that any material breach of Sections 2, 3, 4, 6, and 10 of the Terms will result in irreparable harm to Hi-Technology Ltd for which damages would be an inadequate remedy and, therefore, in addition to its rights and remedies otherwise available at law, Hi-Technology Ltd will be entitled to equitable relief, including both a preliminary and permanent injunction, if such a breach occurs. You waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or other security if Hi-Technology Ltd seeks such an injunction.
7.3 Rights and obligations under the Terms which by their nature should survive will remain in full effect after termination or expiration of the Terms.
7.4 The Website may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements may include statements regarding market expectations and opportunities, expectations about financials, research and development and strategies, statements concerning Hi-Technology Ltd roadmaps, market share growth, and product and service development and introduction, and our continuous evaluation of the competitiveness of our product and service offerings. These forward-looking statements are just predictions and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such a difference include risks related to adverse changes in general economic conditions, failure to reduce costs, lack of success in technical advancements, the timely development, production and acceptance of new products and services, and Hi-Technology Ltd ability to compete in a highly competitive and rapidly changing marketplace.
7.5 Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any right under the Terms will not create a continuing waiver or any expectation of non-enforcement. If any provision of the Terms is held invalid by any law or regulation of any government, or by any court or arbitrator, the parties agree that such provision will be replaced with a new provision that accomplishes the original business purpose, and the other provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect.