https://www.giii.com/us-privacy-policy/
US Privacy Policy
Introduction
G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (“G-III”) reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and without sending notice to you, so you should review this Privacy Policy periodically.  The effective date of this notice and any revised or changed notice may be found on this page, on the bottom left hand corner of the notice.  Any changes will be effective only after the effective date of the change and will not affect any dispute arising prior to the effective date of the change.
Privacy; Confidential Information
G-III’s policy is to protect the confidentiality of the individually identifiable information that you provide, and we limit access to that information only to those with a need to know.  If you choose to complete certain forms or send us requests, you will be asked to provide the following information: full name, e-mail address, title and company name, and what type of investor you are.
Mailing List
G-III encourages all users of this Site to register for the mailing list, so that you can receive the latest information on G-III’s press releases and investor information.  You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking here.
Computer Information
G-III logs your current Internet address (this is usually a temporary address assigned by your Internet service provider when you log in), the type of operating system you are using, and the type of browser software used. In addition, G-III may keep track of what portions of this Site you are visiting. G-III aggregates this information to help G-III improve or create a better experience for users of the Site.  For example: G-III may upgrade those parts of the Site that are heavily visited.
Our website automatically records website usage information that we analyze statistically to track operational problems, to prevent fraud and to improve the effectiveness, security and integrity of the site. We do not use this information to track or record information about individuals. We will disclose this information to third parties only in aggregate form or as may be required by law. For each page that you visit, we collect and store the following technical information in what is called a web server log file:
Date and time of access
URL address of the G-III webpage visited
Internet domain and IP address from which our website was accessed
Type of browser and operating system used to access our site (if provided by the browser)
URL address of the referring page (if provided by the browser)
Completion or success status of the request for a web page or other on-line item
File size of the webpage visited
For the purpose of enabling better website design and a better user experience, we employ Google Analytics (a web service by Google, Inc.) to track site traffic and provide aggregate reports of how the public interacts with our website. Session cookies are employed by Google Analytics in the form of client-side JavaScript code. In utilizing this analytics service, G-III maintains its existing standards in regards to the sharing and disclosure of information, security and privacy safeguards for the data, and the data retention policy, each described below. Google Analytics analyzes website usage information automatically upon visits to the G-III website(s). Users who do not wish to have their visit information collected by Google Analytics may opt-out by downloading a browser extension or by disabling cookies in their browser settings. Opting-out of web measurements will still permit users to access the full G-III website, with all included information and functionality.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that a web site sends to your computer, which is stored in a file on your computer’s hard drive.  A cookie does not tell us your individual identity unless you have chosen to provide it to us. Most cookies expire after a defined period of time. For further information on cookies and how we use them, please see our Cookie Policy.
Personally Identifiable Information
The “Privacy; Confidential Information section of this Policy” describes the categories of personally identifiable information that G-III collects on this Site.  G-III offers the following process to review and make changes to your personal information that you have provided to G-III: please reach out to info@g-iii.com.
G-III’s policy is to prohibit the unlawful disclosure of your personal information. G-III may disclose personally identifiable information you provide to third parties if you grant G-III permission to do so, if it is required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:  (a) complete the request for information, such as providing you with information on G-III that you request; (b) comply with legal process; (c) enforce the Agreement; (d) respond to claims that any information you provide violates the rights of third parties; (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of G-III, its users and/or the public; or (f) in relation to the sale, assignment, transfer or acquisition of all or substantially all of G-III’s assets or shares by a third party.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence, G-III will NOT sell or trade your personally identifiable information with third parties, such as sellers of goods or services.
If you wish to change personally identifiable information that you have provided G-III, please contact us.
Tracking
G-III will not respond to Web browser “do not track” signals. If you would like additional information about online tracking and various opt-out mechanisms, please see http://donottrack.us/
Because we link to social media sites, and from time to time may include third-party advertisements, other parties may collect your personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different web sites when you visit this Site.
Please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.
Encryption
G-III uses no encryption (data scrambling) on the Site. Keep in mind that there is no such thing as perfect security.
Children and Minors
G-III makes no active effort to collect personal information from children under the age of 18 and does not wish to receive any such information.
Additional Rights
Applicable laws may give you additional rights that are not described in this online privacy policy.
For further information on Privacy matters contact G-III Apparel Group, Ltd., 512 Seventh Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10018.
E-mail:  info@g-iii.com
Effective Date:   7/30/18