https://www.bryangarnier.com/legal-information/
Legal information
Site Map
Legal informationThis website is issued by Bryan, Garnier & Co and has been approved for the purposes of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Market’s Act 2000 by Bryan, Garnier & Co Ltd., which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) number 178733, company registration number 03034095.
Acceptable use policyThis acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.bryangarnier.com. This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.
Terms and conditions of use of our websiteThis page explains the terms of use upon which you may access our site and includes country of residence information. Learn more about the Terms and Conditions of the Bryan, Garnier & Co website.
Summary of investment research conflict management policyLearn more about our Summary of Investment Research Conflict Managment Policy.
Summary of order execution policyThe Financial Crime Handbook sets out the compliance procedures operated by Bryan, Garnier & Co. Learn more about our Anti-Money Laundering Policy.
Anti money laundering policyThe Financial Crime Handbook sets out the compliance procedures operated by Bryan, Garnier & Co. Learn more about our Anti-Money Laundering Policy.
Bribery and corruptionBryan, Garnier & Co has produced its Policy and Procedures Manual based on guidance provided by the UK’s Bribery Act. Learn more about our Bribary and Corruption Policy.
CreditsThis website has been designed and created by Subvitamine(tm).
Pillar 3 disclosuresFor full information about our Pillar 3 Disclosures, you can receive full details by writing to the address provided on this page.
Privacy policyAs you would expect, at Bryan, Garnier & Co Limited we take the privacy and protection of client information very seriously. On May 25, 2018, enhanced legislation, known as the General Data Protection Regulation, came into effect.
About cookiesGeneral information about cookies and how they are used.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.