https://www.corporatenavigators.com/privacy-policy/
(312) 751-2100
Contact
FAQ
News
About
Clients
Services
Home
Home
About
Clients
FAQ
Contact
Privacy Policy
Corporate Navigators takes the security and privacy of your personal information
extremely seriously. We will not trade, sell, or rent your personally
identifiable information. For an entire review of https://www.corporatenavigators.com
privacy practices please read below.
https://www.corporatenavigators.com Privacy Policy
We are strongly devoted to
defending the privacy of your personal information. The policies underneath are
relevant to the https://www.corporatenavigators.com website ("Website")
created and sustained by Corporate Navigators (collectively "Corporate Navigators" or "we", "us", or "our"). We
have established this security and privacy policy ("Privacy Policy")
to inform you of the type of personal information we may collect throughout
your visit to the Website, why we collect your information, what we use your
personal information for, when we may provide your personal information, and
how you can control your personal information.
Please understand that the
practices expressed in this Privacy Policy are only applicable to information
collected from this Web Site and, where relevant, from this Web Site's Customer
Service Department in association with this Web Site, and do not unconsciously
reflect our practices with approval to information collected from other Web
sites that we manage or through other off-line means.
By visiting our Website, you
are complying with the practices expressed in our Privacy Policy. If you do not
concur to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. We
may, from time to time, revise this privacy policy, and the date of last
revision will be available at the bottom of this page. By using the Services,
you are acknowledging and accepting this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of
the Services after changes have been posted to the Privacy Policy will
constitute your acceptance of such changes.
If you have any inquiries about
this Privacy Policy or do not see your concerns addressed here, you ought to
contact us by email at
mitch@corpnav.com .
What
Information About Me Is Collected and Stored?
Corporate Navigators adheres
to the uppermost standards of ethical practices in all of our processes and is
devoted to protecting the privacy of all users of our Website. Our privacy
policy is straightforward: Except as revealed below, we don't sell, barter,
deliver, or rent your personal information to any organization or individual
external of Corporate Navigators. One of the essential values we've tried to
follow in the creation of this Website is that we inquire for no more than the
necessary information required to provide the service(s) you've asked for. As a
result, what information we collect and store depends more or less completely
on how you decide to make use of our Website and our services.
Personal
Information
We accumulate and store
information that you enter into this Web Site or that you supply through our
Customer Service Department. For instance, when you create an account or place
an order, we accumulate and store some or all of the subsequent information
that you supply: name, billing address, shipping address, email address,
telephone number, and credit card number and expiration date. This information
is used to make available the products and services that you have ordered or
requested, to process and ship orders, to mail order and shipping confirmations
and to supply customer service. Registration can also be mandatory and Personal
Information could also be gathered in certain segments of the Website in which
you purposely and intentionally supply such information, e.g. community
postings (i.e., chat or bulletin boards), propositions, or customer service
requirements. Parts of this information also could be used to get in touch with
you about sales, new products, special offers, and new site features, unless
you have opted to not obtain promotional interactions in association with this
Web Site.
Anonymous
Information
During your use of the Website,
we may possibly collect certain information that does not recognize you
independently ("Anonymous Information"). Usually, this information is
gathered from "traffic data". We accumulate and store certain other
information repeatedly whenever you interact with this Web Site. For instance,
we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name
each time you are on this Web Site. We also gather information as regards
customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to examine
and advance this Website and to give our clientele a gratifying online
experience.
Use of
Cookies and Spyware
We in no way apply or install
spyware on your computer, nor do we utilize spyware to recover information from
your computer.
In addition, like several
Websites, we apply "cookies", which are records stored on your
computer's hard drive by your browser. Cookies allow us to recognize account
owners and to optimize their shopping experience. Cookies also permit us to
hold assortments in a shopping cart when a customer departs this Web Site
without inspection. The majority of browsers recognizes cookies by design, but
allows you to stop them. We advise that you keep cookies "turned on"
so that we are able to provide you a user friendly online experience on this
Website. You can occasionally get Cookies from companies marketing on our
behalf. We do not manage these Cookies, and these Cookies are not subject to
our Cookie policy.
We also might gather and
accumulate information about you that we obtain from others, to allow us to
revise and provide accurate information enclosed in our database and to give
product counsel and special offers that we believe will be of importance to
you, if you have decided to accept e-mail from us, and provide you reminders
about shopping opportunities.
Newsletters
We gather e-mail addresses and
zip codes of all consumers who subscribe to our newsletter. Not including to
our third party representatives (as explained below), this information is not
publicized with any third parties for any reasons. Any person who does not want
to obtain this newsletter can, at any time, follow the "Unsubscribe"
directions contained in every newsletter.
Is
Information Collected From Children?
We do not sell or ship anything
ordered from this Web Site directly to anyone who we know to be under the age
of 13, nor do we collect any personal information from a person who we identify
to be under 13 years old. If you are under the age of 13, you ought to utilize
this Web Site only with the participation of a parent or guardian and must not
surrender any personal information to us. Our Website is not purposely targeted
to children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 must not use our
Website without attaining prior parental permission.
How We
Use Your Information?
Apart from what is revealed in
this Security and Privacy Policy, we do not utilize or release information
about your personal usage on our Website or your Personal Information received
online to anyone or any organization not associated with us. If we recommend
authorizing any use of your Personal In formation, you will be given the chance
to tell us not to permit such contact.
Customer
Service and Feedback
We might use your Personal
Information to complete orders, offer customer service, track your fulfillment
with the Website's rules and regulations, or for perspective and criticism
reasons (to the degree that is elucidated when you supply the information). In
the occasion we prepare to openly post any of your Personal Information on a
Website (as, for instance, a letter), you will be given advanced notice of such
redistribution and provided the opportunity of stopping such redistributions.
Use of
Anonymous Information
We make use of Anonymous
Information to assist us distinguish how user make use of sections of the
Website and who our users are so we can enhance our Website and make certain
that it is as pleasing as we can build it for the masses. We might also utilize
or distribute Anonymous Information (or additional information, other than
Personal Information) in some other method that we consider suitable or
essential.
Third-party
Agents
We intermittently have third
party representatives, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that execute
functions for us, such as advertising, analytics, credit card processing,
shipping or stocking information, only if customer service, fraud protection
etc (for example, Cheetahmail aids with advertising and GSI Commerce aids with
customer service). These units have right of entry to the Personal Information
required to execute their occupations and are contractually obliged to preserve
the privacy and protection of that Personal Information. They are constrained
from using, selling, allocating or modifying this information in any way other
than to supply the requested services to the Website.
Transactional
partners
We might distribute non-personal
information with our associates and others from time to time. Instances of such
non-personal information comprise of the amount of customers who came to this
Web Site during a definite time period or obtained a certain product from this
Web Site. This information, in general, is shared in a collective form.
Emergency
Situations
We may also use or disclose
Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief
that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with
legal process served on us or the Website; (b) protect and defend the our
rights or property, the Website or our users, and (c) act under emergency
circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or
the users of the Website or the public.
What
Happens When I Link To or From Another Web Site?
This Web Site might include
links to other Websites managed by Company, partners of Company or third
parties. Please understand that the practices expressed in this Privacy Policy for
https://www.corporatenavigators.com and Corporate Navigators do not apply to
information collected from these other Websites. These other online locations
could also provide their own cookies to you and gather your data or request
your personal information. Constantly be conscious of where you end up. We are
not accountable for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other
websites. We want you to be sure you are aware of when you depart this Website
and to proactively read the privacy policies of all Websites that you enter in
to.
What
About Contests and Sweepstakes?
When a contest or sweepstakes
is promoted and is associated with this Web Site, it will come with set of
regulations. The regulations for each contest/sweepstakes will state how the
information provided by will be applied and released, and if it is unlike that
expressed in this Privacy Policy. Personal Information will be gathered only if
you willingly offer it to our sponsors or us.
Public
Areas, Chat Rooms and Newsgroups
Keep in mind that any
information you provide in communal areas, such as message boards or feedback
segments, are converted into public information, and therefore this Privacy
Policy does not relate to any information you choose to make public. Please be
wary about what you provide and do not post any Personal Information that you
intend to be confidential.
Governing
Law/Assignment
The
https://www.corporatenavigators.com website is published in the United States and is
planned for users from the United States. U.S. law shall administer in any and
all disagreements, together with privacy or offense matters or otherwise.
We might modify its possession
or business association while supplying the website and services. As a
consequence, please be sensitive to the case that we may possibly move your
information to a different organization that is associated with us or with
which we have made a joint venture with. Under such conditions Company would to
the degree probable involve the acquiring party to pursue the practices explained
in this Privacy Policy, as it could be revised from time to time.
Changes
to This Policy
We are dedicated to sustaining
its place as a high quality Website on the World Wide Web. As our Website keeps
developing, we possibly will add new services and features to our Website. In
the occasion that these added extras influence our Privacy Policy; this
manuscript will be revised aptly. We will place those revisions significantly
so that you will constantly identify what information we collect, how we could apply
that information and whether we will reveal it. We do, nonetheless, suggest
that you read this Privacy Policy every time you visit our website in case you
overlook our notice of amendments to the Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out
and Correction Procedures
You can at any time opt-out of
getting potential e-mails and newsletters. We offer you with the option to
opt-out of getting communications from us at the point where we ask for
information concerning you. There are a variety of ways in which you can inform
us whether or not you want to accept promotional communications from
https://www.corporatenavigators.com. When you initiate an account, or place an order,
you will have an opportunity to make your selections in this regard. You also
will have an opportunity to change these selections by following the
"unsubscribe" instructions contained in the promotional emails we
send you.
Who do
I talk to if I have more questions?
Questions regarding this
statement should be directed to the https://www.corporatenavigators.com Customer Service;
or send an email to
mitch@corpnav.com .
Last Updated: 12/07/2011
Search for:
Recent Posts
What Do We Do Now?
Transforming Name Gen over Two Decades
Recent CommentsArchives
March 2020
Categories
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Corporate Navigators, LLC
1929 W. Belmont Avenue, Suite 1
Chicago, Illinois 60657
Phone : (312) 751-2100
| Fax : (312) 751-2333
Copyright
©2020 |
Privacy Policy | Sitemap |