https://www.lavazza.com/en/about-us/company/terms-and-conditions.html
MENU
About Us
Company
Terms and Conditions
Personal Area
Account
Orders
Wish list
Promotions
Your coffee machines
Exit
Website Terms of Use
Access to the pages hosted on the Lavazza website implies the user’s acceptance of the following Terms and Conditions.
Acceptance.
This website (hereinafter “Site”) is owned by the Luigi Lavazza S.p.A. group (hereinafter “Lavazza”). The site is intended solely for information purposes. By accessing or using this Site, the user accepts these Terms and Conditions, as well as the Privacy Policy, and must refrain from using the Site in the event of non-acceptance. Lavazza invites Site users to periodically consult these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy, for updates or changes in their provisions.
Copyright and intellectual property.
Lavazza is the sole and exclusive owner of the content hosted on the Site, including without limitation, of the texts, documents, images, logos, photographs, page layouts, designs, know-how and products, all of which are covered by copyright, trade mark, patent and any and all other intellectual and industrial property and ownership protection available under law. None of the Site content may be considered or construed as giving rise to licence or any other right whatsoever to use any of the said content.
Use of the Site.
Users may download, display or print Site content solely for personal use on a non-commercial basis, in a manner and form that are in no way prejudicial to the industrial property and ownership rights to which the Site content is subject. The Site content may under no circumstance be put to any other use whatsoever, including, without limitation, distribution, editing, reproduction, transmission or dissemination, without Lavazza’s prior written consent.
Documents and materials sent to the Site.
Any and all personal identification information that is electronically submitted by users to the Site will be protected and processed in accordance with applicable regulations and Lavazza’s Privacy Policy. Lavazza will appreciate comments, suggestions and indications from users of its Site. However, Lavazza shall not accept any material howsoever forwarded via the Site, apart from content that is specifically required. Lavazza reserves the right to freely use, at its sole discretion, in any manner or form whatsoever, and therefore, including for promotional and commercial purposes, any and all unsolicited material received via the Site, without thereby assuming any obligation whatsoever towards the sender in such regard.
Disclaimer.
The material hosted on the Site is provided on an “as is basis”, in function of availability and without any warranty whatsoever whether express or implied.
Lavazza provides no warranty whatsoever, whether express or implied, that the Site and/or any of the hosted content meets users’ expectations in terms of continuity of service and the inclusion and prompt correction of errors.
Exemption from liability.
Users access the Site of their own accord and at their own risk, it being understood that Lavazza declines any and all liability for any harm or losses, sustained by users, in any manner or form, as a consequence of accessing and using or downloading any material whatsoever hosted on the site, including computer viruses, malware or other harmful electronic content.
Lavazza reserves the right to discontinue or suspend any and/or all Site functions, at any time, without assuming any liability or obligations whatsoever for any such discontinuation or interruption of the Site resulting from actions or omissions of Lavazza or any third parties.
Lavazza shall not be held responsible for the content of any other site that may be accessed through hyperlinks embedded in the Site, it being understood that such links are provided solely with a view to enable users to access more complete information. Users may not create hypertext links to the Site without Lavazza’s prior written consent.
Applicable law and jurisdiction.
The site, as currently configured in terms of layout and content, is targeted at users in Italy/other countries (the “Territory”) and Lavazza provides no warranty whatsoever that the Site content is compliant with regulatory requirements in force outside the Territory.
Any and all disputes that may arise in connection with this Site, the use thereof and the content hosted thereon, shall be resolved in accordance with the law in force within the Territory.
Miscellaneous.
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entirety of the agreement between Lavazza and Site users. Any and all other terms and conditions applied by Lavazza in respect of relations with Site users must be deemed to constitute extensions hereof.
Should any one of the provisions set forth herein be found to be unlawful, null and void or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
SUSTAINABILITY
Our commitment
The Foundation
Sustainability Report
ABOUT US
Work With Us
Become a supplier
Company
Nuvola
Training Center
Innovation Centre
Media Centre
HELP
Contacts
LEGAL NOTES
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Company Info
COOKIES SETTINGS
© 2017 LUIGI LAVAZZA SPA, All rights reserved - VAT no. 00470550013 BUSINESS REGISTRY no. 257143, share capital €25 million paid in full