http://www.adaptivevideoproducts.com/index.php/legal/privacy-policy/
HomeAXE-2000NVE-2000AboutContact
Privacy Policy
1. What data Adaptive Video Ltd needs
In general, you can visit Adaptive Video Ltd’s websites on the Internet without telling us who you are and without providing any Personal Data. There are times, however, where not providing the minimum necessary data as indicated in the relevant data entry sections and other pages in the relevant website, may result in Adaptive Video Ltd (or where relevant, a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre) not being able to sell you products and/or provide you with certain services, including after sales services.
This Privacy Policy applies to the www.AdaptiveVideo.co.uk websites.
2. Why Adaptive Video Ltd collects Personal Data
Personal Data means any data related to an identified or identifiable person, such as your name, age, telephone number, e-mail and mailing address ("Personal Data").
Adaptive Video Ltd (and where relevant, a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre) would like to collect, maintain and use your Personal Data to:
fulfil its obligations under any sale and purchase contract, including checking that the payment is not made fraudulently, delivering your purchase to you or ensuring that you benefit from any relevant special offer or promotion, as well as any other contract with you;
provide customer care, including services related to Adaptive Video Ltd businesses, such as warranty and after sales services;
ask your opinions on Adaptive Video Ltd products and services and conduct product surveys;
facilitate and process your searches and requests for information on Adaptive Video Ltd and its products and services;
provide you with the latest Adaptive Video Ltd products and services information, including upgrades and special offers in which you may be interested;
improve Adaptive Video Ltd products and services for you;
conduct prize draws, contests and other promotional offers; and
consider employing you if these data are requested on one of Adaptive Video Ltd’s job application websites.
For these purposes, Adaptive Video Ltd may share, make available or transmit Personal Data to other Adaptive Video Ltd group companies within Europe and Adaptive Video Ltd group companies worldwide, including countries that do not have effective data protection laws and where you may have fewer legal rights in respect of your Personal Data. However, even in such countries, Adaptive Video Ltd group companies will use your Personal Data only for the purposes outlined above, and they are or will be subject to stringent policies and terms on Personal Data use and protection. (“Adaptive Video Ltd group companies” are Adaptive Video Ltd Corporation, and any entity, firm or corporation, the majority of whose shares or equity is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by Adaptive Video Ltd Corporation).
3. How Adaptive Video Ltd collects Personal Data
Adaptive Video Ltd (and where relevant a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre) collect data about you in several ways. For example, we might ask for your contact information when you correspond with Adaptive Video Ltd, call Adaptive Video Ltd to make a purchase or request service, register your purchased product for after sales service, register to participate in an online survey or to any promotional offers, chat rooms, or on bulletin boards.
Here are some of the most typical examples of how Adaptive Video Ltd (and where relevant a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre) collects your Personal Data.
When you create a MyAdaptive Video Ltd profile or register a Adaptive Video Ltd product or service, we will collect your name, address data and the product or model name, etc;
When you purchase a product from us and submit your payment details to us (see section 4 below, for further details);
When you ask our customer service for help, we will keep a record of your name, the product(s) you bought, the technical issues at hand, and our advice to you, etc.
When you want to participate in online communities, we need to record your account details and preferences. Some of our web sites allow for some personalisation of the content according to your interests, in which case we are recording your preferences.
Keeping a record of your contact details and any resulting financial transaction in the context of a repair
Data collected online may also be combined with data you provide to Adaptive Video Ltd at other times. For example, during product registrations, calls to our call centres or at public events, such as exhibitions and trade shows. The Personal Data you provide in these cases may be consolidated with existing databases and stored, so that our customer data management systems are simplified.
4. Making a purchase via a Adaptive Video Ltd website or over the telephone
Making a purchase via a Adaptive Video Ltd website
When you make a purchase via this website, you are purchasing your products and/or services from one of a number of Adaptive Video Ltd Centres or from Adaptive Video Ltd (through Adaptive Video Ltd Store online). Adaptive Video Ltd has facilitated this on its website by providing a means for you to select a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre convenient to you and to buy products and/or services from that Adaptive Video Ltd Centre online. On occasion you may buy products and/or services from Adaptive Video Ltd Store online.
When you buy online, you will be asked to select a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre to purchase from. The Personal Data you provide in placing an order (such as your name, address and other details) is collected on behalf of that Adaptive Video Ltd Centre, which will be the “data controller” of your Personal Data for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998. The Adaptive Video Ltd Centre will also record information about your purchases.
If you purchase products and/or services from Adaptive Video Ltd Store online then Adaptive Video Ltd will be the data controller of your Personal Data and we will record information about your purchases.
You will be provided with the name and contact details of whichever Adaptive Video Ltd Centre you choose prior to your purchase or if you are dealing with Adaptive Video Ltd Store online this will be made clear to you.
Making a purchase over the telephone
When you make a purchase over the telephone, you are purchasing your products and services from one of a number of Adaptive Video Ltd Centres or from Adaptive Video Ltd (through Adaptive Video Ltd Store online). Adaptive Video Ltd has facilitated this at its call centre by providing you with a means to select a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre convenient to you and to buy products and services from that Adaptive Video Ltd Centre over the telephone. On occasion you may buy products and/or services from Adaptive Video Ltd Store online.
When you buy over the telephone, you will be asked to select a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre from a list based on which Adaptive Video Ltd Centres operate in your area or where you would like to have your purchase delivered to. The Personal Data you provide (such as your name, address and other details) is collected on behalf of that Adaptive Video Ltd Centre, which will be the “data controller” of your Personal Data for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998. That Adaptive Video Ltd Centre will also record information about your purchases.
If you purchase products and/or services from Adaptive Video Ltd Store online then Adaptive Video Ltd will be the data controller of your Personal Data and we will record information about your purchases.
You will be provided with the name and contact details of whichever Adaptive Video Ltd Centre you choose prior to your purchase or if you are dealing with Adaptive Video Ltd Store online this will be made clear to you.
How your Personal Data is used
Whether you make an order online or over the telephone, the Adaptive Video Ltd Centre you choose to purchase from or Adaptive Video Ltd, if you have purchased from Adaptive Video Ltd Store online, will use your Personal Data to complete the sale and provide product and after sales support to you. Your Personal Data is shared with Adaptive Video Ltd and the Adaptive Video Ltd Centres and may be combined with other information they hold about you as a customer, such as details of other purchases you have made from Adaptive Video Ltd or a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre. This information is used to provide you with better service and a more personalised experience, whether you shop at any of the Adaptive Video Ltd Centres or at Adaptive Video Ltd Store online. Adaptive Video Ltd and the Adaptive Video Ltd Centres may also analyse purchase information to learn more about their customers’ shopping preferences in general. If you would prefer that your Personal Data is not shared with Adaptive Video Ltd and the Adaptive Video Ltd Centres, or have any other queries regarding the handling of your Personal Data, please send an email to privacy@eu.Adaptive Video Ltd.com.
If you agree, Adaptive Video Ltd and Adaptive Video Ltd Centres may also use your Personal Data to send you updates and details of offers relating to products or services by post, email, telephone or text message(SMS). If you would like to stop receiving these offers and updates please send an email to privacy@eu.Adaptive Video Ltd.com. Alternatively, if you have registered with Adaptive Video Ltd online and have a "MyAdaptive Video Ltd" profile then you may log-in and amend your marketing preferences.
5. Your preferences
The Personal Data we collect may be stored in different databases. Adaptive Video Ltd makes every effort to take into account the various preferences you may have expressed over time in order to process your data in a consistent way. If for any reason you receive incorrect data, the Adaptive Video Ltd Customer Information Service can be contacted at the address set out in section 14.
6. When Adaptive Video Ltd discloses Personal Data
Adaptive Video Ltd will not disclose Personal Data to third parties other than Adaptive Video Ltd group companies, without your consent, except in the following cases:
Personal Data may be disclosed to third parties to enable the performance of contracts you are party to or for other purposes mentioned in section 4 or to ensure that you benefit fully from any relevant special offers and promotions.Adaptive Video Ltd (and where relevant a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre) uses other companies to perform functions on its behalf, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mails,sending text messages (SMS),providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments,providing fraud checking services and providing customer services. Such companies will have access to Personal Data needed to perform these functions, but may not use it for any other purpose and are required to process the data in accordance with applicable law.
As described in section 4 if you purchase products or services through a Adaptive Video Ltd website or over the telephone, your Personal Data may be shared with Adaptive Video Ltd and the Adaptive Video Ltd Centres (unless you ask us not to do so).
Personal Data may be disclosed to third parties where Adaptive Video Ltd or a Adaptive Video Ltd Centre reasonably considers it necessary to prevent fraud, comply with law, to enforce or defend the legal rights of Adaptive Video Ltd or any Adaptive Video Ltd Centre, or in connection with corporate activity such as a merger, acquisition or insolvency situation. If Personal Data is disclosed to third parties to enable them to provide services for, on behalf of, or at the direction of Adaptive Video Ltd, then Adaptive Video Ltd takes measures to ensure that the third parties comply with our own privacy policy, and that such recipients:
do not use the Personal Data for any other purposes than those permitted;
obtain and process Personal Data only on condition that they protect that Personal Data from unauthorised use and adopt and comply with similarly stringent policies and terms on Personal Data protection and use; and
comply strictly with applicable laws.
Anonymous or generic data (including “generic” statistics) from which you cannot be identified are excluded from use, processing, disclosure, transmission and other Personal Data use restrictions.
7. Postings to Forums
Postings on certain Adaptive Video Ltd websites (whether in chat rooms, on message boards or via other methods of communication within the Forums) will generally be available to, and freely accessible by, other users of Adaptive Video Ltd Forums. Therefore, users should not expect any information they post to be kept private or confidential and they are encouraged to exercise discretion when using the Adaptive Video Ltd Forums. Additionally, your member name will always be posted in conjunction with your posting in the Adaptive Video Ltd Forums.
Adaptive Video Ltd will also flag in your My Adaptive Video Ltd account each time you create or reply to a post or thread on a Adaptive Video Ltd website forum. These flags are used by Adaptive Video Ltd to better understand the ‘typical users’ of its forums and to select or tailor Adaptive Video Ltd’s marketing communications to reflect your forum activity. The flags only log the forum name and the time and date of your post or thread. Adaptive Video Ltd does not use the content of your forum posts or threads for these purposes.
8. Security of collected data
Adaptive Video Ltd intends to protect your Personal Data and to maintain its quality. Adaptive Video Ltd will use all reasonable efforts to take all appropriate technical and organisational measures and precautions to keep Personal Data it holds about you secure and protected from unauthorised access, use or alteration and unlawful destruction. Measures include using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data, such as credit card details. SSL encryption is designed to make the data unreadable by anyone but us.
How Adaptive Video Ltd protects your data
we limit access to your Personal Data. Only those employees who need to come into contact with that data, to provide products and services to you, will do so;
we have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with regulations to protect your Personal Data; and
we allow for your account data to be password protected.
As general best practice on the internet, it is recommended that individuals do not use trivial login names and passwords. Passwords should contain a combination of letters and numbers, be kept securely and changed periodically.
9. Cookies and web beacons
Certain Adaptive Video Ltd websites may employ an industry-wide technology called “cookies”. These are small pieces of data that are placed on your hard disk drive when you access a website or a certain part of a website. Cookies help Adaptive Video Ltd understand which parts of its websites are the most popular, where Adaptive Video Ltd visitors are going, and how much time they spend there.
Adaptive Video Ltd uses cookies to study traffic patterns on its sites in order to improve website performance, to customise the user experience, and to better match the users’ interests and preferences. For example, Adaptive Video Ltd keeps track of the domains from which people visit, and also measures visitor activity on Adaptive Video Ltd websites. However, these tracking records are performed and maintained in ways that keep the data non-identifiable.
Cookies may also be used to recognise your computer next time you visit a website. This might save you time (e.g. by ensuring that you don not have to register again) or help you by customising your internet settings.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, they can be disabled by referring to your browser manufacturer’s instructions. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. For example, in Internet Explorer, you can go to the Tools/Internet options/Security and Privacy Tabs to adapt the browser to your expectations.
Web beacons, also known as single pixel or clear gif technology, or action tags, may be used on our site. This technology tells us which visitors clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a Adaptive Video Ltd Web page or a Adaptive Video Ltd email. When you ask us to send you information on a promotion or a newsletter, we may use web beacons to establish which emails are actually opened. We use this information in order to optimise our content and services.
These Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies. In Microsoft Outlook 2003 or similar, downloading of pictures can be turned off on a site by site basis.
10. Access to your Personal Data
You have the right to access your Personal Data, and to rectify or delete inaccuracies in your Personal Data, and to object to the processing of your Personal Data.
If you would like to view, correct, amend or update your Personal Data stored in Adaptive Video Ltd’s database, contact Adaptive Video Ltd at the address given in section 14 below by e-mail, fax, phone or letter. For privacy protection reasons, you will be asked to provide some proof of identification.
If you would like to unsubscribe from an email sent to you, follow the ‘unsubscribe’ link and/or instructions placed (typically) at the bottom of the mail. If you use more than one e-mail address to shop or contact Adaptive Video Ltd, unsubscribe from each e-mail account you use.
If you have made a purchase over the website or the telephone, you can view, amend, correct or update your Personal Data held by Adaptive Video Ltd or the relevant Adaptive Video Ltd Centre by contacting Adaptive Video Ltd or that Adaptive Video Ltd Centre on the details provided with your purchase.
11. Links to other sites
Some Adaptive Video Ltd websites may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Adaptive Video Ltd. Adaptive Video Ltd does not share your Personal Data with those websites (other than as described in section 6). While Adaptive Video Ltd tries to link only to sites that share Adaptive Video Ltd’s high standards and respect for privacy, Adaptive Video Ltd is not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites and expressly disclaims all liability associated with your use of such other sites and the content found there.
12. Children’s privacy (children 14 years of age and under)
Adaptive Video Ltd does not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Data from or about children (aged 14 and under) without the consent of a parent or guardian, and Adaptive Video Ltd does not knowingly market its products or services to children. If Adaptive Video Ltd becomes aware that the person submitting Personal Data, through any part of Adaptive Video Ltd’s websites, is a child, Adaptive Video Ltd will use reasonable efforts to delete that Personal Data from its files as soon as possible. Adaptive Video Ltd will also use reasonable efforts to ensure that this Personal Data is not used for any purpose, nor disclosed to any third party. As Adaptive Video Ltd does not seek to collect any Personal Data about children, and Adaptive Video Ltd deletes any data collected inadvertently as soon as it is discovered, Adaptive Video Ltd retains no data about children that could be reviewed or deleted. If a parent requests review or deletion of data about their child before Adaptive Video Ltd has discovered and deleted the data, then Adaptive Video Ltd will of course honour that request.
13. Industry standards
This privacy statement has been established in cooperation with the Federation of European Direct Marketing (FEDMA). FEDMA is the first trade association whose data protection code of practice, which was developed in negotiations with the European Data Protection Authorities (Article 29 Working Group), recognized by the EU Commission.
14. Contacting us
If you need further assistance or would like to make a comment, please contact us at the following address:
Adaptive Video LtdOne Royal Exchange AvenueLondon, EC3V 3LT
Navigation
HomeAXE-2000SpecificationsNVE-2000SpecificationsAboutContactTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy
Copyright &copy2013 Adaptive Video LTD
All Rights Reserved