http://www.ecompanystore.com/privacy
Home
*
*
Global Partners
*
Contact Us
Welcome
Creative
Technology
Blog
CONTACT
eCompanyStorePRIVACY POLICYLast Revised: May 14, 2018 eCompanyStore cares about your privacy.  For this reason, we collect and use personal data only as it might be needed for us to deliver world-class merchandise and services. Your personal data includes information such as:NameAddressTelephone numberEmail addressOther data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you.Our Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data. It also describes options we provide for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal data that we process.  If at any time you have questions about our practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and our dedicated team that supports this office by contacting us at privacy@eCompanyStore.com.  This inbox is actively monitored and managed so that we can deliver an experience that you can confidently trust. Should you believe that any personal data we hold on you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the ability to access this information in your online account, rectify it or request to have it deleted.  What information do we collect?We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our Services.   Much of what you likely consider personal data is collected directly from you when you:·       create an account (ex: billing information, including name, address, credit card number);·       request assistance from our Customer Care team (ex: phone number); ·       complete contact forms or request newsletters or other information from us (ex: email). However, we also collect additional information when delivering our Services to you to ensure necessary and optimal performance.  These methods of collection may not be as obvious to you, so we wanted to highlight and explain below a bit more about what these might be (as they vary from time to time) and how they work: Account related information is collected in association with your use of our Services, such as purchases, information requests, and customer service requests and notes or details explaining what you asked for and how we responded. Cookies and similar technologies on our websites and our mobile applications allow us to track your browsing behavior, links clicked, items purchased, your device type, and to collect various data, including analytics, about how you use and interact with our Services. eCompanyStore will collect personal information that can identify you if you choose to register in an eCompanyStore hosted online store. Information such as your name, title, company or organization name, work e-mail, work phone, work or home address, and at the time of order placement, credit card information and other similar information (“Your Information”) when it is voluntarily submitted to us. We will use Your Information to respond to requests regarding your account, and from time to time, we may refer to Your Information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our websites, products and services. This site may use a technology known as web beacons - sometimes called single- pixel gifs - that allow this site to collect web log information. A web beacon is a graphic on a web page or in an e-mail message designed to track pages viewed or messages opened. Web log information is gathered when you visit one of our websites by the computer that hosts our website (called a “webserver”). The webserver automatically recognizes some non-personal information, such as the date and time you visited our site, the pages you visited, the website you came from, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows 8), and the domain name and address of your Internet service provider (e.g., AOL). We may also include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages in order to determine whether messages have been opened. This website may use a technology called a “cookie”. A cookie is a piece of information that our webserver sends to your computer (actually to your browser file) when you access a website. Then when you come back our site will detect whether you have one of our cookies on your computer. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the site and help us analyze site usage more accurately. For instance, our site may set a cookie on your browser that keeps you from needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the site. Data about Usage of Services is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metadata, log files, cookie/device IDs and location information. This information includes specific data about your interactions with the features, content and links (including those of third-parties, such as social media plugins) contained within the Services, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data, information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error data, and some of this data collected might be capable of and be used to approximate your location.  How we utilize information.We strongly believe in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver the Services you purchase or interact with, or (3) as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes. These uses include: Delivering, improving, updating and enhancing the Services we provide to you.  We collect various information relating to your purchase and/or interactions with our Services. We utilize this information to:Improve and optimize the operation and performance of our Services (including our websites)Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the ServicesDetect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systemsCollecting aggregate statistics about use of the ServicesUnderstand and analyze how you use our Services and what products and services are most relevant to you.Often, much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our Services, and is not linked to any personal data, but to the extent it is itself personal data, or is linked or linkable to personal data, we treat it accordingly.  Sharing with trusted third parties. We may share your personal data with our trusted service partners necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:Processing credit card paymentsCommunicating with you, such as by way email or survey deliveryCustomer relationship management.We only share your personal data as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed on our behalf. These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any purpose other than as they have been specifically contracted for (or without your consent). Communicating with you. We may contact you directly or through a third-party service provider regarding products you purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service related communications. We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you’ll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed based upon legitimate interests. You don’t need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our goods or services. These contacts may include:EmailTelephone callsYou may also update your profile preferences with respect to receiving communications from us by signing into your account and visiting the “Profile” page. If you believe that anyone has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@eCompanyStore.com. Transfer of personal data abroad.  If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. Also, when you call us, we may provide you with support outside your country of origin. In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.Choice.
We’ll give you the choice to opt-in or opt-out regarding the ways we use and share your personal information, and we’ll respect the choices you make. We will not release this information to unaffiliated third parties, unless you request it or expressly consent to it, or this data is provided specifically to help complete a customer-initiated transaction, or the disclosure is required by law, or the consumer has been informed about the possibility of disclosure and decided not to opt-out. If personal information is provided to an affiliated third party (i.e. vendor, service provider, or other partner), eCompanyStore will require the third party to adhere to the same privacy data principles as those that apply to eCompanyStore.Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process. We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN or any ccTLD rules, regulations and policies when you register a domain name with us. Website analytics.  We use Google Analytics to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies.  The E.U-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield FrameworkseCompanyStore, LLC participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.  eCompanyStore, LLC is committed to subjecting all personal data received from the EU or Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.eCompanyStore, LLC is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  eCompanyStore, LLC complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to each Privacy Shield Framework, eCompanyStore, LLC is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, eCompanyStore, LLC may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.Access to your Personal InformationCustomer information is collected by eCompanyStore and stored at eCompanyStore.You can review and edit the personal information collected at this Site by sending e-mail to customercare@ecompanystore.comor writing to:eCompanyStore5945 Cabot PkwyBldg 200 Ste 150Alpharetta, Georgia 30005 Independent Recourse MechanismIn compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, eCompanyStore commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact eCompanyStore at:  eCompanyStore, LLC.Attn: Dispute Resolution5945 Cabot PkwyBldg 200 Ste 150Alpharetta, Georgia 30005Email: privacy@ecompanystore.com eCompanyStore has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacyshield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel. How you can access, update or delete your data.To easily access, view, update, request deletion or porting of your personal data (where available), or to update your subscription preferences, please sign into your Account and visit your “Profile”.If you make a request to delete your personal data and that data is necessary for the products or services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements. To make a request regarding your data, please contact us through our online Data Subject Access Request Form.If you are unable for any reason to access your Account Settings, you may also contact us by one of the methods described in the “Contact Us” section below.   How we secure, store and retain your data.We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate.We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods:mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations;for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; orneeded to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal data, you can contact us at privacy@eCompanyStore.com. Age restrictions.Our Services are available for purchase only for those over the age of 18.  Our Services are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by or designed to entice individuals under the age of 18. If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with any personal data, please contact us. Changes in our Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page, at least thirty (30) days prior to the implementation of the changes. Contact us.If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy, our practices or our Services, you may contact our Office of the DPO by email at privacy@eCompanyStore.com.  In the alternative, you may contact us by either of the following means: By Mail: Attn: Office of the Data Protection Officer5945 Cabot Parkway Bldg 200, Suite 150 Alpharetta, GA 30005By Phone: (800) 975-6467We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days.