http://www.namelabels.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
By using this site and completing purchases on NameLabels.com you agree to all terms and conditions listed below. “We”, “us”, “our”, “the web site” and “the site” all refer to NameLabels.com and Inkeria AS.
1. The Company
NameLabels.com is owned and run by Inkeria AS, organization number NO 819 511 012, Enebakkveien 117, 0680 Oslo, Norway. All information, pictures and content on the website is owned by the company and cannot be copied or distributed in any way by others.
2. Prices
All prices and costs on the site are shown excluding VAT and Taxes, all prices are in USD if not another currency is selected. When accessing your shopping cart, you will see all costs connected to your order, shipping and your total amount to pay.
Please note,
Norwegian delivery is only available from lappeliten.noSwedish delivery is only available from lappeliten.seGerman delivery is only available from kleberli.de
Our international orders are sent using the DHL Global Mail. We do not currently offer a tracking option.
Please note that the recipient will be responsible for payment of any applicable duties or taxes for orders delivered to any country other than Norway, Sweden and Germany.
3. Payments
Payment is completed by your chosen payment method during check-out. Our payment solutions are delivered by Stripe (Visa and MasterCard) with partners and PayPal. When completing your purchase, you agree to the terms and conditions of the party delivering your chosen payment method.
3.1 Card payments
We accept card payments from Visa, MasterCard and Maestro. Capture of your card payment is done directly and immediately.
4. Shipping
Shipping is free for any purchase done at NameLabels.com. All products are shipped with DHL Global Mail (regular letter post) and delivered directly to your mailbox unless any other shipment method is specified. Orders placed before 9 am CEST are normally produced the same or following business day and delivered to you within 4-14 business days. Your shipment is delivered to the address stated when completing your purchase.
4.1 Damaged goods and shipping warranty
When receiving your order, it is important that you check the shipment for any damage or defects. If your product is damaged or broken, please contact our customer support.
5. Damage caused by the use of products from NameLabels.com
NameLabels.com has no responsibility for any and all damage to clothes and objects caused by the use of the products sold at the site. E.g. it is the customers own responsibility to make sure clothes or other belongings do not take any damage from heat needed to attach iron-on labels.
6. Right of withdrawal from purchase
As a consumer you have the right to cancel or withdraw from your purchase within 14 days after receiving your order. This right can only be utilized if the product or products can be returned to shipper in its original packaging and is essentially unchanged. When you need to access your right of withdrawal from purchase, please contact our customer service.
6.1 Right of withdrawal from purchase of custom-made goods
The right of withdrawal from purchase does not apply to custom-made goods, goods with special dimensions and goods ordered specifically for individual customers, e.g. name labels with individually chosen text and design.
7. Refunds
If you exercise your right to cancel your purchase, we will refund the full amount paid for the goods as soon as possible, or within 30 days of the date we received the goods. You must pay the return costs when the goods are returned to us.
8. Privacy policy, Cookies, safety and personal information
Personal information is information directly connected to your individual person. Examples are name, address, and telephone number. It is your right to have control of this information.
NameLabels.com and Inkeria AS complies with the applicable legislation for the processing of personal data in Norway and the EU at any given time. Making sure your personal information is secure is a top priority for the site and for the company.
We make use of your personal information stated when purchasing products from our site to deliver your order to you, to carry out accounting obligations we have from the authorities and to communicate with you when your order is placed.
We can communicate with you regarding the products you have bought through our site. Other than this, we need your explicit acceptance and permission to communicate with you in marketing matters. You give your acceptance during check-out.
We use cookies on our site. Cookies helps us to understand the users of our site and give you the best customer experience possible (e.g. by the use of cookies the site remembers what you wrote on your name labels the last time you visited the site). If you do not wish to have cookies saved on your computer, mobile phone or tablet from us or others, there are solutions you can integrate yourself, but this will degrade the user and shopping experience on the site.
Some personal information like e-mail address, phone number and cookies are shared with third parties including but not excluded to Google, Facebook and Mailchimp, so that we can be able to communicate with you. This is being done after careful consideration and according to our safeguard routines for your information and personal safety.
If you want access to the personal information connected to you that we have, change your information, or wish to have all data regarding your person deleted, you can contact our customer support.
Read our complete Privacy Policy here.
9. Contact and support
Find our contact information and customer support here.
10. Force majeure
If NameLabels.com is prevented from delivering or doing a redelivery or is such a duty of delivery unreasonably burdensome as a result of a labor dispute or any other circumstances of which the parties are in no control of, it will be claimed Force Majeure.
Force Majeure includes but is not excluded to fire, war, mobilization or unforeseen military calls of similar scope, requisition, seizures, currency restrictions, riots, scarcity of means of transport, general commodity shortages, impetus restrictions, and defects in or delays from deliveries from our manufacturers as a result of such circumstances referred to in this paragraph. In such a case, NameLabels.com is exempt from all liability and responsibility other than in cases of complaints and credit of the deficient product’s purchase price.
11. Changes in terms & conditions
After a purchase is completed, NameLabels.com cannot make changes in the terms and conditions for the purchase in question unless otherwise agreed.
12. Complaints, input and questions
If you have a complaint, question or any input for us, please contact our customer service.
13. Disputes and law application
Disputes on the terms and conditions and related provisions, as well as disputes relating to purchases done at NameLabels.com, comply with Norwegian law and fall under the ordinary dispute resolution bodies and courts, with Oslo District Court as the venue for any event processing before the District Court.
Lag navnelapper her
Stick-On Labels
Iron-On Labels
Mini Labels
Large Labels
Wall Stickers New!
Other
Tool Labels
Care Home Labels
About our iron-on labels
About our stickers
FAQ
Instructions for use
Information
About our stickers
About our iron-on labels
FAQ
Instructions for use
Login
Languages
You need Polylang or WPML plugin for this to work. You can remove it from Theme Options.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Subscribe to our newsletterYour personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.