http://www.karensusman.com/privacy-policy
Karen Susman
Home
Expertise
Communication
- Presentation Skills
- Networking Skills
- Communication Styles
- Building Community   &nbspInvolvement
- Witness Preparation
Wellness
- Humor and Health
- Stress and Resiliency
- Life Balance
Delivery
- Speaking
- Coaching
- Training
About
Resources
Free Resources
Products
Clients
Newsletter NextLevel Tools
Meeting Planners
Blog
Policies
The 1400 engineers singled out your presentation for the interaction, humor and importance of learning to network effectively.
Janice L. BurnettACEC Arizona
I thoroughly enjoyed your session. It was the highlight of the conference for me.
Kirsten NielsenEditorL.L. Bean, Inc
Karen is hilarious.
Marilyn BernsteinHealthMark
The reviews have been great! You helped make my presentation dynamic for me to give and for the audience to hear.
Paula McCannKutak Rock Attorneys
Every time I consider planning a conference or training, I think of Karen first.
Chuck ReidColorado City/County Managers Association
In just a few sessions, I made noticeable progress in my content, organization and delivery. I recommend you contact Karen.
David CohnDavid Cohn and Associates
I truly was entertained and inspired by Karen Susman’s presentation on networking at the MDRT meeting in Vancouver.
Robert WitcombeFinancial AdvisorManchester, England
In the ten years I have been putting together these annual meetings, I’ve never received near the positive feedback that I have heard on your presentation.
Michael WildVPParsons Brinckerhoff
I am more comfortable, confident, structured and clearer as a result of Karen’s coaching. I have a long way to go, and will travel on that path with Karen.
Ned BreslinCEOWater For People
Your presentation on networking was rated the number one session at the 56th Annual Roads & Streets Conference.
Janice L. BurnettExecutive DirectorACEC Arizona
Karen Susman
Karen Susman and Associates
P.O. Box 371500
Denver, CO 80237
Phone: 888.678.8818
Email: karen@karensusman.com
Return Policy
30 Day Return Policy
All returns must be postmarked within 30 days of package receipt in order to qualify for refund, exchange or store credit. All returned items must be in new condition. All returns must be sent with delivery confirmation and/or tracking information. We are not responsible for returns lost in transit. Please include a copy of your packing list or receipt so that we may quickly process your return. When your items are received and verified to be in new condition, we will issue a refund or store credit for the amount of the merchandise returned. Shipping fees will not be credited.  Ship to:
Karen Susman-Returns
P.O. Box 371500
Denver, CO 80237
Shipping Policy
All orders will be processed and shipped as soon as possible, within 3-5 business days. Orders will be shipped USPS 2-3 day priority.
Privacy Policy
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By Email: karen@karensusman.com
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Privacy Policy
website design by ripensolutions.com
All rights reserved for Karen Susman, Copyright 2012-2020