http://www.franchisehelp.com/terms-privacy/
Menu
Find a Franchise
Learn
Franchisors
Franchise Quiz
We'll help you quickly build your franchise ownership profile, then present you with a personalized set of franchises you could open!
Franchise Directory
An A to Z directory of franchises and business opportunities we work with and some that we don't.
Top Franchises 2020
See our list of picks for the best franchises to open this year.
Franchise Comparison
Refine your search by an array of parameters and quickly compare key facts and figures.
Franchises by Category
Explore franchises and business opportunities by industry and category.
Franchises by Investment Level
Filter your search by startup capital required.
Identify the perfect franchise for you! Take our short quiz
Take our free franchise quiz!
Franchisee Resource Center (FRC)
Whether you are just starting to look into franchise ownership or are ready to figure out financing options, our courses will give you the information you need to be ready to become a franchise owner.
State by State Guides
Learn about the pros and cons of starting a business in various franchise categories, as well as see which franchises are available in each.
Industry Reports
One of the first steps before making an investment is to do an industrial analysis of the current market trends that will affect bottom line. Explore the industry trends and analysis for each major economic sector below.
News Clips
A curated list of franchise-related news articles by the FranchiseHelp team.
Identify the perfect franchise for you! Take our short quiz
Take our free franchise quiz!
Franchisors
We know franchise development can be hard. That's why we constantly are looking for new ways to help you find qualified franchise prospects. We use data, technology, and automation to improve our lead products both in the US & Internationally.
See our products
Consultants / Brokers
FranchiseHelp offers franchise consultants a unique lead buying experience. You can select filters such as state and liquid capital requirements, and enter the price you'd be willing to pay for a lead meeting those criteria.
Learn more
Lead Generation Resource Center
You're tired of "portals" being black boxes, and so are we. Welcome to the recipe book FranchiseHelp's "secret sauce." Learn everything there is to know about how online lead generation is successfully done for your franchise.
Check it out
Identify the perfect franchise for you! Take our short quiz
Take our free franchise quiz!
Identify the perfect franchise for you! Take our short quiz
Take our free franchise quiz!
Find a Franchise
Franchise Quiz
Franchise Directory
Top Franchises 2020
Franchise Comparison
Franchises by Category
Franchises by Investment Level
Learn
Franchisee Resource Center (FRC)
State by State Guides
Industry Reports
News Clips
Franchisors
Franchisors
Consultants / Brokers
Lead Generation Resource Center
Terms & Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 02/18/2019
This privacy policy applies to www.franchisehelp.com owned and operated by FranchiseHelp Holdings, LLC (Henceforward "FranchiseHelp" "We" "Us"). This privacy policy describes how FranchiseHelp collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
1. Information Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing information such as credit card number, and billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order
Pass your information on to the businesses you have requested
Send you an order confirmation
Assess your needs to determine suitable products
Send you requested product or service information
Respond to customer service requests
Send you a newsletter
Send you a marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Improve our Web site and marketing efforts
User Data Supplementation
We obtain address information about you from third party sources, such as LeadQC, to verify your contact information to prevent fraud.
2. Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
Based on your expressed interest in the franchise opportunities we provide, when you request additional information about a particular opportunity we share your personal information with those companies so they can contact you directly. In cases where we do not have direct relationships with a franchise owner, we may share your contact information with franchise consultants. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at support@franchisehelp.com.
Service Providers
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as processing payments or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Legal Disclaimer
We may also disclose your personal information:
in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if FranchiseHelp Holdings, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets,
you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
California Residents
According to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), consumers have the following rights:
to opt out of information sharing and selling.
to access information stored by FranchiseHelp about themselves
to request deletion of personal information
You may opt-out of information sharing through this link: https://www.franchisehelp.com/information-opt-out/
To access information, request deletion, or opt out of sharing, you can email us at privacy@franchisehelp.com or call us toll-free at 855-495-5978.
3. User Access and Choice
Upon request FranchiseHelp Holdings, LLC will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update or delete it by emailing our Customer Support at support@franchisehelp.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Opt-out Preferences
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you.
Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or you can contact us at support@franchisehelp.com.
4. Tracking Technologies / Cookies
FranchiseHelp Holdings, LLC and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
Analytics / Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons or similar technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here http://preferences.truste.com/.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.
You will continue to receive generic ads.
You may also opt-out through this link:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
We use Google AdSense to publish ads on this site.
When you view or click on an ad a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other Web sites.
You may opt-out of the use of this cookie by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
5. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at support@franchisehelp.com.
6. Additional Information
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of FranchiseHelp.
If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Blog / Forum
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@franchisehelp.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.
With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.
If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@franchisehelp.com.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as Facebook and Twitter Widgets (interactive mini-programs that run on our site). These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
7. Contact Us
FranchiseHelp Holdings LLC
394 Broadway
New York, NY 10013
Phone: 646-419-4365
For questions, comments, and support, email: support@franchisehelp.com
FranchiseHelp
About us
Advertise with us
Media requests
International franchises
Contact us
Resources
Franchise Disclosure Documents (FDD)
Franchising a business
© 2020 FranchiseHelp Holdings LLC. All rights reserved. Terms & Privacy Policy