http://www.buckeye-ins.com/home/privacy
Find an agent
Go
Insurance
Farm
Home
Auto
Umbrella
Dwelling Fire
Report a Claim
Make a Payment
Find an Agent
Agents
Agent Login
Become an Agent
Buckeye
About Us
Employment
User Terms / Privacy
Login
How to pay online
PAY ONLINE
Electronic File Transfer
We offer 1, 2, 4 or 12 pay eft payment plans all with NO billing fees.
Contact your agent to discuss changing your billing method.
Online Pay
Online
Apple Store
Google Store
Buckeye Insurance Group User Agreement and Privacy Policy
PLEASE REVIEW THIS USER AGREEMENT AND PRIVACY POLICY (“AGREEMENT”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE AND SERVICES. BY USING ANY OF THE WEBSITE AND SERVICES, YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.
The Buckeye State Mutual Insurance Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, identified as “Buckeye Insurance Group”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) produces Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites and provides the services and products offered or discussed thereon. This Agreement reflects the policies and practices of Buckeye Insurance Group regarding the collection, disclosure and confidentiality of your nonpublic personal information, and the terms and conditions of your use of the websites. At Buckeye Insurance Group, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We want you to understand what information we collect about you and how we use that information. This privacy policy applies to our relationship with you.
Information Security
We restrict access to non-public personal information about you that we collect to those employees and agents who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal and state standards to guard your nonpublic personal information. If for some reason there is a breach of our security and personal data is accessed, we will notify you as required by law.
Information We Collect
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information which we receive from you on applications or other forms (such as your name, address, date of birth, and so forth)..
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and agents, or others.
Information which we receive from third parties, such as consumer reporting agencies.
Information we collect automatically and through cookies and similar technology as discussed below.
Personal information is any information that identifies you and describes your relationship with us. Some examples of the personal information that the we may collect include:
Name, address, and Social Security number
Assets and income
Property address and value
Account and policy information
Driver's license number
Financial information
Credit reports and other consumer report information
Information from applications and transactions
User names and passwords
Any information you provide us
Public information
Information Buckeye Insurance Group Collects Automatically
We may gather certain information automatically using cookies along with online technologies, whenever you use our website, send us an email, or interact with our emails and advertisements. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser information, internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, session ID, date and time stamp, geolocation, and click stream data. We use this information to:
Conduct website analysis
Recognize your browser or device
Remember your preferences and interactions
Collect information about our website usage and email responses
Log activity on our website
Market products or services to you
Information Buckeye Insurance Group Collects Through Cookies and Similar Technology
We may use third party cookies, beacons, tags, and JavaScript to collect anonymous information and technical data, like your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, and session ID. We may share this information with our business partners to manage our online advertising and to recognize visitors’ computers and devices. This allows us to render relevant Buckeye Insurance Group ads to you. Our third party partners may also use such technologies for website analysis and to manage the effectiveness of our ads placed on other websites. We do not store your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any sensitive personal information in these cookies and similar technologies. The companies that distribute our ads are only permitted to use or share your information for marketing Buckeye Insurance Group products and services.
Buckeye Insurance Group will share personal information with third parties only in ways that are described in this Agreement. Each of the third parties that we use for our online marketing and tracking efforts should post a privacy policy that fully describes the advertising and data collection activities on their website. However, we cannot guarantee that all of these websites disclose this information.
Information We Disclose
Because we know that the security of your nonpublic personal information is important to you we only use nonpublic personal information in the following ways:
For our own internal purposes to best manage our relationship with you;
To share such information with our independent agents for the purpose of best managing our relationship and the agents’ relationship with you;
Any manner that may be permitted by law or consented to by you; or
Any other method discussed in this privacy policy.
For example, we may disclose your nonpublic personal information as indicated above when necessary to service your policy, to investigate and pay claims, and to process transactions at your request.
Former Customers
If you end your relationship with us, we will continue to adhere to the policies and practices described in this Agreement as may be required by law.
Choices to Limit Sharing
You can ask us not to share your information with other Buckeye Insurance Group agents, independent agents, or our business partners to market new products to you. Please remember, we offer many different types of products and services. You may not want to opt out if you would like to learn about these products directly from us. Please call us at 1-800-672-3558 to opt out of this sharing. You may opt out at any time and we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Requesting and Correcting Information
If you are a customer, you can ask us for a copy of your personal information and correct or change it if necessary. Each of our companies or agents may have different contact information and instructions for requesting this information.
Link to Other Websites
This Agreement applies only to Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites. Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites may contain links to websites that are not operated by Buckeye Insurance Group or one of our affiliates. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. Buckeye Insurance Group does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data and privacy practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.
Changes to Agreement
We may update this Agreement to reflect changes in our information practices or terms and conditions of use. If we make material changes to our Agreement, we’ll post the changes right here and notify you by posting a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this page for the latest information on our Agreement.
Changes to this Agreement are effective on and after the date posted.
Children’s Privacy
Our website is not directed at children under the age of 13.
Buckeye Insurance Group does not knowingly collect or maintain information at our website from persons under the age of 13.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Ohio, without reference to conflict of law principles. By accessing our websites and providing Buckeye Insurance Group with personal data, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Ohio for any and all disputes or actions that may arise.
Questions About Our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Agreement, concerns about the way Buckeye Insurance Group processes your personal data, or want to gain access to the personal data we collected from you, please contact us and provide us with your comments, at 1-800-672-3558.
Warranty Disclaimer/Limitation of Liability
*The information on Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites is provided on an “as-is” basis without any warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Buckeye Insurance Group makes no representations or warranties that access to our websites will be available on a continuous or timely basis, or will be error free.
In no event shall Buckeye Insurance Group, or its affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, or their respective officers, directors, or employees be liable for any incidental, consequential, direct, or indirect damages, even if informed in the advance of the possibility of such damages.
Buckeye Insurance Group has not reviewed the accuracy of the content of any websites linked to any of our websites. No endorsement of websites linked to our websites is made, either express or implied. Use of such links is at your own risk.
Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites contain information about products, which may or may not be available outside the state or country of origin, or may be available under different trade names or trademarks. Nothing on our websites shall be construed as an offer to sell any product or service to any particular customer or in any particular jurisdiction. Buckeye Insurance Group reserves the right to accept or reject any offer to purchase any products or services. In addition, Buckeye Insurance Group standard Terms and Conditions apply to all purchases of Buckeye Insurance Group products.
If Buckeye Insurance Group sends to you any notice or other correspondence via electronic mail, it shall be your responsibility to ensure receipt of that communication.
Buckeye Insurance Group shall not be responsible for communication not received by you for any reason, including but not limited to rejection due to size, format, or content.
Copyright Notice
The entire contents of Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites are copyrighted by Buckeye Insurance Group and protected by the copyright laws of the United States and other countries. Users may copy, download, or print materials contained in the websites for their own non-commercial use, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of Buckeye Insurance Group or The Buckeye State Mutual Insurance Company is not used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of this documentation without specific, written prior permission from Buckeye Insurance Group. The copying, downloading, printing, redistribution or republication of any material contained in Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites for any commercial purpose are prohibited without the express, written permission from Buckeye Insurance Group. Unauthorized use is prohibited. All images used on Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites are owned or licensed by Buckeye Insurance Group for use on Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites only. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Buckeye Insurance Group patent, copyright or trademark.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buckeye Insurance Group, and all of its officers, directors, owners, agents, employees, affiliates, licensors, licensees and third party service providers (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, and claims and all fees, costs, expenses of any kind related thereto (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of, based upon or resulting from (i) your access to and/or use of any Buckeye Insurance Group website; and/or (ii) your breach or violation of this Agreement. Buckeye Insurance Group reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. You shall not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of Buckeye Insurance Group.
Unsolicited Information and Ideas
Any communications you send to Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites by electronic mail, through its website, or offline are on a non-confidential basis, and Buckeye Insurance Group is under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing, or otherwise using them in any way or for any purpose. Buckeye Insurance Group shall be free to use the content of any such communications, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, or techniques for any purpose, including development, manufacture, market, and sale. The sender of any such communications to Buckeye Insurance Group’s websites shall be responsible for the content contained therein.
Severability
If any portion of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining sections of this Agreement will remain in effect.
Waiver
Failure by Buckeye Insurance Group, in any instance, to exercise any of its rights under this Agreement will not constitute waiver of such right or any other rights under this Agreement.
Want to avoid the hassle of continually logging in to make payments?
Buckeye offers an EFT payment plan option that will save you time and money! Automatically schedule your payments by reaching out to your agent today!
Click here to make a payment
Information
Payments submitted before noon (12:00 p.m. E.S.T.) (regular business day Monday through Friday) will be withdrawn from the designated checking or savings account the next business day and posted to your policy the same business day.
Payments submitted after noon (12:00 p.m. E.S.T.) (any day of the week) will be withdrawn from the designated checking or savings account in two business days and posted to your policy the next business day.
New Agency Portal
"Legacy" Agency Portal
Special Note
Legacy Portal (Buckeye Online) will be shutdown in Q1 of 2020.