https://www.gonzalezphoto.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Commissioned
Personal
Studio
Published
Blog
Contact
About
Book & Print Shop
M +31 615455860
Commissioned
Personal
Studio
Published
Blog
Contact
About
Book & Print Shop
M +31 615455860
Privacy Policiy – Terms of Use
Miquel Gonzalez Fotografie
Spanjaardstraat 29
1811 MN Alkmaar
The Netherlands
E-Mail: mail at gonzalezphoto.com
Internet: www.gonzalezphoto.com
KvK-Nr. 56069553
V.A.T.-Number: NL002428017B80
Webdesign: Miquel Gonzalez
Webmaster: Miquel Gonzalez, webmaster(at)gonzalezphoto.com
Copyright ©Miquel Gonzalez. All rights reserved:
This site is owned and operated by Miquel Gonzalez and/or its content providers. All of the content shown on this site, including, but not limited to photographs, images, text are the exclusive intellectual property of Miquel Gonzalez and/or its content providers. The content is protected by German and international copyrights. No Content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, republished, manipulated, altered, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without written permission and/or a payment of a fee or other arrangement. These images are NOT ROYALTY FREE and are NOT WITHIN the PUBLIC DOMAIN. You may only view the content for your personal, non commercial use. Use of the content for any other purpose, including but not limited to use of the Content as the basis for another photographic concept or story concept, is a violation of Miquel Gonzalez’s copyrights and or its content providers. Those interested in licensing images seen here can reach laif Agentur für Photos und Reportagen GmbH, Merowingerstraße 5-7, Cologne, Germany, phone 0221/27226-0, telefax 0221/27226-226, mail at laif.de.
In the event of an infringement of these user agreement terms, you will be notified and invoiced the industry standard Triple Fee for unauthorized usage and/or prosecuted for copyright violations.
Disclaimer:
This site contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites. Since Miquel Gonzalez is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or Webmaster of such site.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF DELIVERY AND BUSINESS
Click here to download in English.
Click here to download in German.
Click here to download in Dutch.
Privacy Policy
Miquel Gonzalez Photography knows that you may have concerns about privacy while shopping or surfing on the Internet. This Privacy Policy describes how we use and do not use information provided to us at gonzalezphoto.com, and the steps we take to protect it. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected online.
Personal information we collect online
When you make a purchase on gonzalezphoto.com, we ask for your name, address, phone number, email address and other personal information necessary to fulfill and track your order. For purposes of billing, you will need to provide your credit card type, number, expiration date and billing address for the card. If your order is to be shipped, we also need the name, address and phone number of the intended recipient(s).
You also may create an account through gonzalezphoto.com at any time by providing your email address and designating a unique access password. You do not need to create an account in order to visit our site but will need an account to place an order through gonzalezphoto.com. Creating an account allows you to save certain billing information so that you can set your ordering preferences. For your privacy and security, we do not store credit card numbers in your account.
Cookies
Miquel Gonzalez Fotografie uses session cookies to observe your navigation throughout the website for the purposes described above. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you may also erase cookies from your browser after shopping. If you delete our cookies, you limit our ability to personalize gonzalezphoto.com for your next shopping visit; however, deleting a cookie will not prevent you from shopping and purchasing at our site in the future.
Is information shared with third parties?
We do not rent, sell or exchange your name or other personally-identifiable information to third-party companies for their marketing purposes. We do provide your personal information to reputable organizations that help us to fulfill your order. For example, we use companies to verify and process credit card transactions and to deliver packages. We may share your information with others who help us analyze sales data, maintain our records, and provide other services for Miquel Gonzalez Fotografie such as collect site navigation information. In any case, these third parties are not authorized to use your information for any reason other than to perform their contractually assigned functions.
We may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties if necessary to comply with applicable laws, subpoenas or court orders.
How will my information be used?
Information collected on gonzalezphoto.com may be used in the following ways:
* Schedule deliveries of merchandise that you purchase online
* Create an online account for you at gonzalezphoto.com
* Bill your credit card for your purchases
* Confirm and track your orders
* Respond to your customer service inquiries
* Provide promotional communication and other information to you, if you choose to receive them
* Offer the products you want
* Customize your shopping experience
* Improve our website design
Accessing and updating my information
You can access and correct information you have shared with us online if you have established an account with gonzalezphoto.com. Do not share your gonzalezphoto.com password with anyone.
How can I decide what promotional communications I will receive?
The personal information you supply us will be added to our customer database. We may send you promotional emails about Miquel Gonzalez Fotografie products that we hope will be of interest.
Children’s online policy
Miquel Gonzalez Fotografie is committed to preserving online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children gonzalezphoto.com is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from or sell products to children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using gonzalezphoto.com.
Privacy protection
We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. We also advise all Miquel Gonzalez Fotografie employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company’s business ethics standards and confidentiality policies.
All information transmitted through gonzalezphoto.com is stored on our secure server. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which is the electronic commerce standard for securing information as it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is designed to encrypt your information, preventing an unauthorized party from viewing and downloading your information. Your web browser should display a web address with an “https” prefix, indicating that the SSL technology is operating when using certain portions of our website, such as the Checkout and My Account features.
Linking to and from outside websites
gonzalezphoto.com sometimes provides links to other companies’ websites. Unless we expressly say otherwise, a link to another website does not mean that we are responsible for, or that we endorse the content or policy of that website. When you provide information at one of those sites, you are subject to that site’s privacy policy. We encourage you to read that website’s policy before submitting any information if you have concerns about how information may be collected or used.
You may make a purchase from gonzalezphoto.com through a link from another website or search engine. In such event, please be aware that both gonzalezphoto.com and that website or search engine may have access to certain portions of your information. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to those other websites or search engines.
Whom do I contact with questions?
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, call us at +31 615455860 or write email us at mail(at)gonzalezphoto.com.
Privacy Policy changes
This Privacy Policy was posted on gonzalezphoto.com on May 10, 2018. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time.
Contact Miquel Gonzalez Fotografie
Phone +31 (0)6 15 455 860
mail(at)gonzalezphoto.com
Portretstudio | Portraits, Headshots | Alkmaar, Netherlands
Terms & Conditions  –  AGB  –  Imprint / Impressum
© MIQUEL GONZALEZ FOTOGRAFIE |
Privacy policy & Terms of Use | Algemene voorwaarden
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Got it!Read more