http://www.constellationfcu.org/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
NOW REWARDS
Premier Points
Learn More
NOW REWARDS
Premier Points
Learn More
New Online and Mobile Banking is here! Get details.
Android Users: Click here to download the new app now.
Scheduled System Maintenance: Online and Mobile Banking will be unavailable from 8pm ET on December 12th until 4am ET on December 13th.
The Carderock Branch is temporarily closed. We apologize for the inconvenience.
WE'RE HERE FOR YOU NOW, AND FOR WHAT'S NEXT:
Small Business Resources: Information on the Payroll Protection Plan (PPP) and Loan Forgiveness  >>
Get updates on our COVID-19 response plus resources on the CARES Act  >>
checkbook
CheckingAPY as high as1.00%
house
Home Loans APR as low as2.424%
paper
Home EquityAPR as low as3.99%
creditcard
Credit CardsAPR as low as7.24%
car
Vehicle LoansAPR as low as2.14%
person
Lifestyle LoansAPR as low as7.99%
Rates are based on an evaluation of credit history, so your rate may differ.
money
Make a Loan PaymentWhen it’s time to make a loan payment, you have several options. Choose the payment method that works best for you.See Your Options
mobile
Apply For a LoanNorthwest Federal is here to help with all your financial needs. We offer low-rate loans with flexible terms.Start Your Application Today!
about
Become a MemberMembership eligibility at a credit union can be selective, but Northwest Federal's membership is very diverse.Join Now!
Financial Advisors
NW Insurance Agency
Northwest Tax Group
Northwest Title & Escrow
NWFCU Foundation
NEW Member Rewards Program
NOW REWARDS - Premier Points
We've just introduced an exciting new relationship rewards program based on feedback received from our members. We listened, and our new program has the benefits members told us were most important. With NOW REWARDS – Premier Points you can earn 2% cash back on purchases anytime and everywhere when qualifications are met.
LEARN MORE
Helping Kids in Crisis
Donate through December 30
NWFCU Foundation is collecting new blankets and small plush toys to help comfort children in crisis situations. Drop off donations at your nearest branch or donate online.
DONATE TODAY
TOGETHER, WE SERVE AND INSPIRE TO TRANSFORM LIVES.
As a long-time member of Northwest Federal Credit Union, I would like to personally thank you and your staff at "Events" for sponsoring and organizing such a fun family day at the game! We look forward to other special events in the future - Jeanne H.
My wife and I have been members of NWFCU for several years. The credit union has been a great resource for us - financing a couple of cars and handling the refinance of our home a few yeas ago. My membership has extended to our kids, as well. Whenever I have financial things to consider, I always think of the great people at NWFCU. - Dennis M.
I have been a member of the credit union for many years and will continue to be a member for years to come. - Mildred E.
This was the easiest transaction I have ever completed. I'll recommend you to all I know. - Pradeep A.
We are so appreciative of the Youth Club Account activities. Your focus on children inspires my boys to save their money. It is a treat to come to the branch and make a deposit and have fun surprises to reward them in their efforts to save. - Mary C.
I have always been greeted with a smile and the highest level of service. Top it off with excellent products at excellent rates and you have a recipe for a top notch credit union! - Elena B.
We so very much appreciate all of your guidance in getting a new house and mortgage. We are so grateful to you for helping to make it possible for us to get a new home! - James C.
My loan officer conveyed a sense of caring. He promptly answered endless questions and politely explained application requirements. - Patricia P.
You really understand how large a role member service plays in making life better and easier for all. You are more than willing to go the extra mile for a member. - Patricia C.
Northwest Federal has been my financial institution of preference for over ten years. Their services and staff at all levels have been exceptional. - Carol W.
This was the first time someone actually listened to our story and read everything we provided her with. She never gave up on us or the process to help us achieve our goal. - Robert and Shawn S.
I love banking at Northwest Federal because I always get the best service. It is truly a place that serves its customers with a special something plus all the smiling faces are a bonus. - Natasha B.
Previous
Next