http://www.vitra.com/en-us/privacy
ProductsLivingProfessionalsAbout VitraMagazineOnline ShopBack to the top
Vitra/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is effective for any information gathered or collected on or after June 9th, 2020 through the vitra.com website (the “Site”) from users of the Site (“User(s)”), who include you. 1. Consent to the collection and use of your informationBy using our Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as described below. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully and make sure you follow our updates. a) Updates to this Privacy PolicyEach time you use the Site, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. We therefore encourage you to frequently check this page for changes to our Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to Vitra, so please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.b) Account InformationWhen you sign up for an account or order products through our Site, we collect certain information, including your name, email address, mailing and billing addresses, phone number, credit card number/payment information and other pieces of information.
If you plan to visit the Site to place subsequent orders, you may save time by creating an account with us that stores your relevant information. If you are accessing Vitra on your mobile device, you can also choose to provide us with location data.c) Purpose of this Privacy PolicyOur Privacy Policy is designed to inform you, as a User of the Site, about the types of information that Vitra, and some other companies or entities that we may potentially work with, collect in connection with your use of the Site, which includes, but is not limited to, your account and related personal information (collectively, “Information”). It is also intended to explain the conditions under which Vitra uses and shares Information and your rights and choices in relation to the collection and use of your Information. d) Other WebsitesFor the avoidance of doubt, we are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites, content or services linked to or from our Site, including the information or substance contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website or service (including, but not limited to, clicking on advertisements, special offers or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by Vitra), this Privacy Policy does not apply to such other website, content or service, which are subject to their own rules and policies. 2. Information collection and useWe collect and use the following two categories of information (Personally Identifying Information and Personally Non-Identifying Information, each as defined below) for a multitude of purposes, including, without limitation to provide a personalized service to you and other Users and to provide and improve the effectiveness of our Site.a) Personally Identifying informationWhen you create an account with Vitra, or at the time you place an order through the Site, we will ask for certain information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personally Identifying information”) and that is necessary in order to order any products through the Site. Personally Identifying information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, credit card/payment information, mailing and billing addresses, and email address. The following is how we collect and use your Personally Identifying information:(i) Registration informationWhen you create an account, we will ask for certain Personally Identifying Information. Users of the Site are under no obligation to provide us with Personally Identifying Information of any kind; however, a User’s refusal to do so may prevent the User from using or accessing certain Site features or ordering products.(ii) Customer ServiceWe use your Personally Identifying Information to process your orders, notify you of the status of your orders, contact you with Vitra newsletters and send you promotional information that we believe may be of interest to you (subject to your right to opt-out of receiving such materials), or notify you about Site updates. We also use your Personally Identifying Information to respond to any questions or inquiries you may have, or to address a problem affecting your use of the Site, purchase of products and placement of orders through the Site, or to send you a confirmation message upon completion of your account registration process.b) Personally Non-Identifying InformationWe also collect other types of information that we receive resulting from
your use of and access to the Site, which is information that cannot reasonably be used to identify or contact an individual User (“Personally Non-Identifying information”). The following describes the types of Personally Non-Identifying Information we gather and how we use it:
(i) Log DataWhen you use our Site, whether as a registered User or not, our servers automatically record certain log file information that your browser reports to us or your mobile software sends to us, including, but not limited to, your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type and settings, operating system of your computer/mobile, websites you visited before you visited our Site, the pages of our Site that you visited, date and the time spent on those pages, information searched for on our Site, number of clicks, and other information. Log files are used to manage traffic loads and information technology requirements for providing reliable service. As with other Personally Non-Identifying Information gathered from the use of our Site, we compile aggregate statistics, which we analyze in order to enable us to improve your user experience and personalize our Site. An IP address is usually designated based on a specific country, so an IP address can often be used to identify the country from which Users are connecting to our Site. (ii) CookiesWhen you use our Site, we may use cookies and similar technologies like web beacons, pixels, and local storage to collect information about how you use our Site utilizing technology such as etracker technology (www.etracker.com). A cookie is a string of information that we store on your computer or your mobile device’s hard disk. We use cookies to track the pages of our Site that you visit during your Vitra session in order to compile an aggregate statistic of your use. Cookies are also used to remember User preferences and maximize performance of our services. This also helps us understand how our Users interact with the Site.
The information we collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any outside parties. Users who disable their Web browser’s ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our Site but may not be able to successfully interact with the Site or place orders.
When we use cookies, we may use “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) or “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them).
Persistent cookies can be deleted by Users by following the instructions applicable to their specific browser.
(iii) Analytics DataWe use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and user trends for our Site. These tools collect Non-Identifying Information sent by your device to our Site, including the websites you visit, add-ons, and other information that assist us in improving the Site.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users navigate the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. You can find more information on Google's privacy policy here. More information about the technology used by Google is available at www.google.com/analytics. (iv) Mobile device identifiersOur Mobile Software allows Users to access and use the Site from their mobile devices, such as tablets and mobile phones. We may access, collect, monitor, store or remotely store on your device a device identifier. A device identifier may allow us to fix bugs, provide us with information about how you browse and use the Site and help us provide you with personalized Vitra content and advertisements.(v) User DataAs set forth in our Site Terms of Use, when you use our Site to provide Feedback, that content and any Information your provide is shared publicly.
Therefore, it may also be indexable by search engines. 3. Using, sharing and disclosing your informationWe will share your Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
We do not otherwise sell, rent or otherwise distribute your Personal Information to third parties.We use the Information we collect to provide, maintain, protect and improve upon our Site, to offer a better use content.When you contact Vitra, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your e-mail address to inform you about updates to the Site such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements, which may include, but are not limited to, changes to the Site Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.We will access, disclose, use or preserve Information when required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order, legal process or other enforceable government request, or when Vitra believes in its sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or other rights of Vitra, third parties or the public-at-large, including, but not limited to, investigation of potential violations of our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, and to detect, prevent and otherwise address fraud, security, illegal activity or technical issues.Vitra reserves the right to transfer all Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or sale of all or a portion of Vitra’s assets. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy, or to a new privacy policy if you are given notice of that new privacy policy and are given an opportunity to affirmatively opt-out of it. Information submitted or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor organization over which Vitra has no control.4. How we store and protect your information; Security We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the Information collected through the Site secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a password unique to the User) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. However, the User should be aware that the Internet is an open information system and that third parties under certain circumstances may intercept and decrypt the entered data. Vitra cannot warrant the security of your Information or guarantee that the Information you transmit to our Site may not be intercepted, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. Please help us help you by maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account log-in information, and for controlling access to e-mail accounts associated with your Vitra account. The transmission of all payment-related Information you provide to us in connection with your purchase of products through the Site, such as credit card information, is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL).We will retain your Information for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this Site or providing Personally Identifying Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site. We may post a notice on our Site if a security breach occurs.
We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances.
Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us at privacy@vitra.com.Your Information may be stored and processed on one or more servers located in the United States or in any other country in which Vitra, a company in the same affiliated group of companies as Vitra or any other service provider with whom Vitra contracts to help support the Site, maintain facilities.
Any such third party vendor is under an obligation to keep the Information confidential.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ANY LEGAL ACTION OF ANY KIND RELATED THERETO OR VITRA’S ACTIONS CONCERNING ANY PRIVACY ISSUES OR CLAIMS WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS.5. Your choices regarding your informationYou can review, change or delete your personal account information at all times by logging in and editing your account settings and information via the Site. Your mobile device may provide you with choices regarding how and whether device identifiers and location data are provided to us, and our Site may not function properly if use or availability of such functions are impaired or disabled.You may unsubscribe from all email communications from us by clicking the “unsubscribe link” provided in the emails. You may not, however, opt out of any applicable account, order-related and Site operational communications (e.g., account verification, order acknowledgment and others related to status of orders, changes/updates to features of the Site, and technical and security notices).Vitra offers a free optional newsletter, for which we will need your e-mail address.
This newsletter is to inform you about special offers, new products, promotions, events and other Vitra news.
If you provide us with your e-mail address to subscribe to our newsletter, you will receive an e-mail to confirm the newsletter subscription.
Once you confirm the subscription you will receive our newsletter from that point forward.
You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.
You may close your account at any time.6. For California residentsUnder California law, Users who are California residents who have an established business relationship with Vitra may choose to opt out of disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes by contacting Vitra by phone at 1-855-651-5846 or e-mail at privacy@vitra.com. Click here to review our detailed privacy policy for California residents.CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ADDITIONAL PRIVACY RIGHTSCalifornia law permits users who are California residents to request certain information respecting our disclosure of personal identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@vitra.com7. Children's informationVitra is neither intended nor directed to children under 18. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have knowledge of a minor child that has submitted personal information without the applicable consent of the parent or guardian of such minor child.8. Third party linksOur website may contain links to other websites. These sites are not operated by Vitra, and we therefore have no influence on their content nor their privacy practices.
Other websites may have their own privacy policies, which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites.
Vitra is not responsible for information that is provided by, or collected through, those websites or for any other use of those websites.
9. Privacy policy changesVitra may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to our Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page. We may also provide you with additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.Unless Vitra obtains your express consent, any revised Privacy Policy will not reduce your rights hereunder without your express consent.
Vitra will keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy available for review by Users.
How to contact us:Vitra Inc.95 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10016Phone: 212.463.5700Email: privacy@vitra.comPrivacy Policy last updated: November 13th, 2020
ProductsProducts for homesProducts for ProfessionalsNew ProductsBestsellersDesigners & ArchitectsProfessionalsDownloadsProjectsOur ClientsToolsAbout VitraNewsWho we areVitra CampusMagazineJobs & CareersPressLegalDistribution rightsImprintPrivacy PolicyWebsite Terms of UseContactContact VitraFind VitraVitra CompaniesSubscribe to the newsletterOnline ShopShopping CartWish listPayment methodsShipping InformationGeneral Terms and Conditions of SaleCOPYRIGHT ©2020 VITRA INTERNATIONAL AG. ALL RIGHTS RESERVEDCookie SettingsUp