https://www.gatekeeper-systems.com/privacy/
Privacy
Gatekeeper Systems Inc. Privacy Policy
Gatekeeper Systems Inc., including all fully owned subsidiaries, knows that you care how information about you is collected and used.  This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) is designed to inform you about our privacy policies and practices.
Scope of the Policy
The Policy applies to the personal information we collect when you visit any Gatekeeper Systems Inc. websites (“Site” or “Sites”) or use any Gatekeeper Systems Inc. Software Applications (“Applications”).  When we use the term “personal information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, e-mail addresses, and telephone number.  When other information (such as consumer preferences or demographic information) is directly associated with personal information, this other information is treated as personal information.
Consent to the Policy
By visiting our Sites or using our Applications, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy.  If you do not consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy, you should not use our Sites or Applications.
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
We collect the following types of personal information through our Sites and Applications:
Information Provided
We collect the personal information you actively provide and/or is automatically collected when using our Sites and Applications.  Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, Device Status collected automatically when using Gatekeeper Systems Inc. Sites or Applications.
We use the personal information you provide to deliver software functionality which may better meet your needs and preferences.  For example, when visiting our Sites we may collect the following information: User ID and password, name, email address, physical address, demographic information, time zone, user preferences, technical information including your IP address, browser type and version, information about your visit to our website such as web pages viewed and links clicked.  Gatekeeper Systems Inc. may also use personally identifiable information to respond to inquiries and requests, distribute administrative information, provide support of our products and/or services, send promotional messages and special offers including information on products or services available from Gatekeeper Systems Inc. and its affiliates, contests or promotions, or business and industry information.
When using any of our Applications, we may determine the state of your device, and/or access the WiFi radio.  We may also collect User ID and password, name, email address, physical address, demographic information, time zone, user preferences, technical information including your IP address, browser type and version, information about your visit to our website such as web pages viewed and links clicked.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser
We collect information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser. This information typically includes, but is not limited to, your IP address; the name and version of your operating system; the name and version of your browser; the page you were visiting before you accessed our Site; and the date and time of your visit. The information we receive depends on the settings of your browser. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. Generally, we use this information to create statistics that help us improve our Sites and make them more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. This information is also used for marketing purposes and to improve your experience on our Sites.
We may collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, and to audit the use of our Sites. Although the information provided by your browser does not identify you personally, this data can be combined with other data to personally identify you.
Cookies
We also use “cookies” as a method to gain dependable and consistent traffic data. A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help us provide customizable services and to allow you to sign-in to our Sites.  You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Sites and other websites may be diminished and some features will not work as intended.
Advertising Servers
We may hire other companies to place our banner ads on other websites. Those companies may perform tracking and reporting activities on the ads they serve for us, as well as user reaction. They would not collect any information other than IP addresses and behaviors associated with those IP addresses on our behalf, and we will not give any personal information to them.  Third-party advertising servers are subject to their own privacy policies.  Our service providers are bound by contract to keep your personal information confidential and use it only to perform services on our behalf.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Gatekeeper Systems Inc. does not sell your personal information to outside marketers or advertisers. Under limited circumstances we may disclose the personal information we collect with outside parties for specific purposes. Those circumstances are described below along with some of the steps we take to limit the manner in which your personal information is used.
With Service Providers
We may share your information with companies that provide support services to us (such as credit card processors, mailing houses, web hosts) or that help us market our products and services (such as email vendors). These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are only authorized to use the personal information we share with them for the purpose of delivering the service we hire them to provide. In addition, we only disclose the information they require to provide the specific service or function. We will not sell your personal information to third party marketing or advertising firms.
In Connection with Corporate Events
If some or all of the business assets of one of our companies or Sites are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our guests and customers to the acquiring business so that they can continue to operate the business, but your information would remain subject to this Policy.
In Special Circumstances
In certain special cases, we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, Gatekeeper Systems Inc. or someone else. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, or civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, administrative investigation or investigation conducted by Gatekeeper.
Children’s Privacy
We will not knowingly collect personal information on our Sites or Applications from children under the age of 13 without the prior consent of the child’s parent or guardian.  If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided personal information to us without consent of the child’s parent or guardian, please contact us at privacy@gatekeeper-systems.com
Your Choices
Opt-Out of Receiving Future Communications
Our Sites give you the option of not receiving future communications from us by sending an email to privacy@gatekeeper-systems.com
Review and Update Your Information
You may also review or update your personal information collected by this Site or correct factual inaccuracies by emailing privacy@gatekeeper-systems.com
How We Protect Your Information
Gatekeeper Systems Inc. has appropriate physical, technological, and organizational safeguards and security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of your personal information under our control.  However, it is important that you understand that no website or database is completely secure, or “hacker proof.”  You can help us by protecting and keeping your passwords safe at all times. You can protect yourself and help us prevent computer crime by promptly notifying us if you suspect that your user name or password is lost, stolen or used without permission.  Also, you can reduce many risks by using up to date antivirus software.
Changes to the Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time, by posting the revised Policy on our Sites. The changes will only apply to the personal information we collect after we have posted the revised Policy.
We will attempt to notify you of any significant changes to this Policy by sending an email notice. However, it is your responsibility to check this Site for updates as you will be bound by them if you choose to visit our Sites.