http://www.netquote.com/privacy-policy
auto insurance
home insurance
renters insurance
business insurance
life insurance
health insurance
Calculators & Tools
Start Saving Now
Auto Insurance
Business Insurance
Health Insurance
Home Insurance
Life Insurance
Home
NetQuote Privacy Policy
Home
NetQuote Privacy Policy
Last revised: April 24, 2020
Introduction
This website is owned and operated by All Web Leads, Inc. (collectively “Company,” “All Web Leads,” “we,” “us”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs information that you provide to us and information that we gather from the website located at www.netquote.com (the “Website”) and it tells you how we may collect, use, and share this information.
Information we collect and how we use it
We help consumers shop for insurance, discounted health plans and other products by connecting consumers with insurance companies, insurance agents, discount program representatives and vendors who also help match consumers with insurance providers and other third parties (“Providers”).We collect your personally identifiable information hereinafter, “personal information” or “information”), which means any information that can identify you as an individual, when you submit information to the Website.  The personally identifiable information we collect includes, but is not limited to, your first and last name, home address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, gender, income, and driver’s license information.  We may also collect information about your driving history, the type of automobile you drive, your home ownership history, and certain medical information such as health conditions, prescription medications that you are taking, whether you have been hospitalized in the past, and whether you have been treated by a doctor for a major health condition.   We use personally identifiable information to deliver our products and services to you (including matching you with Providers); to display customized content and advertising; to conduct research and analysis; to ensure that the Website is functioning properly; to aid us in developing new services; to alert you to product updates, special offers, updated information and other new services; to contact you in response to your requests for information; to send newsletters and other information to you; to provide you quotes from Providers who may contact you using the information you provide; and to obtain additional information needed from you.We may also gather certain information automatically when you visit the Website. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date and time of visit, Internet tags, device type, and clickstream data and other activities on the Website. We may combine this automatically collected information with other information we collect about you.  We do this to improve services we offer you, and to improve marketing, analytics, and Website functionality.  All Web Leads, Inc. and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics and service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts to collect this data. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can set your browser to reject cookies. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. Further, we may aggregate information we receive from you and from our other users, and we may use or disclose such aggregate information to third parties.  (See the “Digital Advertising & Analytics” section below to learn more about the use of this information.)
Information transfer and sharing policy
Generally. When you provide personally identifiable information to us, we share your information with Providers to provide you with the quotes you requested and for Providers to contact you for informational, advertising and marketing purposes.  Providers and others with whom we may share your personally identifiable information may contact you with a quote by email, telephone, text message, postal mail, or other forms of communication.  Further, these Providers and third parties may share your personally identifiable information and automatically collected data with other third parties, without restriction. Please note that we may share your personal information with third parties that may not be insurance-related so that those third parties can directly market their products and services to you.  Those third parties may also share your data with other third parties.
With our Corporate Affiliates. We share the information we collect on the Website with our subsidiaries, corporate affiliates, and related companies.
Vendors and Suppliers. We share the information we collect on the Website with our vendors and service providers for the purpose of verifying data and where such access is incidental to their providing us services, such as phone number verification services and email service providers.
Protecting Our Legal Rights and Others’ Rights. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including law enforcement requests. We may also share your information to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce our Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, and (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of All Web Leads, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
As Required by Law. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or comply with a legal or judicial proceeding or court order.
Merger or Sale of Company. If we should ever file for bankruptcy or have our assets sold to or merged with another entity, information that we receive from you through this website may be treated as an asset of the Company and may be transferred to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Promotions and Programs. From time to time, you may be given the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests, giveaways, or other promotions and programs offered by us, either alone or with third parties. Participation in these promotions or programs may require you to submit additional personally identifiable information. Our use and sharing of your information, including personally identifiable information, collected through a promotion or program will be governed by the official rules or agreement governing that promotion or program, as well as by this Privacy Policy. The terms of those rules or that agreement will supersede any conflicting provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent to Text Message and Telephone Marketing
By submitting your telephone number on the Website, you expressly authorize All Web Leads and Providers and their agents and partner companies to contact you, at the telephone number you provide, with informational and marketing messages and telephone calls including those sent via automated telephone dialing system, text messages, SMS, MMS, picture messages, live and prerecorded telephone calls, including on landlines and wireless numbers, even if the phone number you provide is on a corporate, state or national Do Not Call list. Your consent is not required to purchase goods or services. Message & data rates may apply. You may revoke your consent at any time by clicking here.
Your Opt-Out Rights
When you submit information to us, you agree to receive email, fax, telephone, text messages and other forms of communications from or on behalf of us and third parties with whom we share your personally identifiable information.  If you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing material from us in the future, please follow the opt-out instructions located at the bottom of each promotional or marketing email communication, or click here. lease note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing messages from us, you may continue to receive messages concerning any transaction you make with us or comments or inquiries you submit to us.
If you would like to opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may click here to be placed on our Do Not Call list.  If you do not wish to receive communications from any person or entity with whom we have shared your information for their marketing purposes, you must contact them directly.
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our Website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook “Like” button and “Share this” button. Your interactions with these Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Digital Advertising and website analytics
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on our behalf and others’ on non-affiliated platforms.  Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the websites and other websites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices.  This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.  All Web Leads adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with this interest-based advertising activity.  You may visit the DAA Webchoices tool at www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt out of this advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program.  If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool.  Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.  It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests.  Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended.We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes.  We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes.  For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Affiliated websites, other websites, and advertisements
This Privacy Policy applies to websites and services that are owned and operated by All Web Leads, Inc. We do not exercise control over the websites of third parties that may link to this Website, or the websites and privacy practices of Providers with whom we share your information. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when visiting the website of, or providing information to, a third party.
Changes and updates
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we make changes, we will also revise the “revised date” on the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we use and share the information we collect.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents with the additional rights below:
Right to Know. You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the last 12 months, including:
Categories of personal information we have collected about you;
Categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
Business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and
Specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Complete your transaction;
Provide you a good or service;
Perform a contract between us and you;
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
Fix our system in the case of a bug;
Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal or lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provide it.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.  You have the right to request that we do not sell your personal information.   Please click here so that we can process your request.  Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 of age without legally required affirmative authorization.
Other Rights.  You can request certain information about disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.  This request is free and may be made once a year.  You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights.  To request access to or deletion of your personal information, or to exercise any other data rights under California law, please contact us using the following method:
WebForm.  You may select one of the California Consumer options provide at the following link.  Please include your full name, residential address, email-address, and phone number, so that we can process your request.
Toll-Free Telephone number: You may call us at 1-855-214-2072 for instructions on how to exercise your California Privacy Rights
Response Timing.  We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request.  If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period.NOTE: We may revise this policy from time to time as required for regulatory compliance.
Contact us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about us or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by U.S. mail at 7300 FM 2222, Bldg. 2, Suite 100, Austin, TX 78730, Attention: Legal Department.