http://www.mrlender.com/privacy-policy
Warning: Late repayment can cause you serious money problems. For help, go to www.moneyadviceservice.org.uk
Menu
Home
My Account
Make Payment
FAQs
Blog
Contact Us
Sign In
About Us
How It Works
Short Term Loans
Instalment Loans
Instant Loans
Quick Loans
Same Day Loans
Responsible Lending
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Complaints Policy
Terms And Conditions
APR Explained
Improve Your Credit Rating
How Do Credit Checks Work
Alternative Credit Options
How To Get Over Debt
Banking Transaction Information
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Policy") co-exists with our Terms and Conditions and together these govern the general practices of this website. We encourage all our users to familiarise
themselves with this statement and our site terms.
PDL Finance Limited t/a Mr Lender ("we", "us", and "our") will be what is known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide us with. Mr Lender’s Company Registration Number is 06738633,
Registered Office 30 City Road, London, EC1Y 2AB, UK. You can contact us using the details set out at the end of this Policy.
We take our data protection and privacy responsibilities seriously. The Policy explains how we collect, use and share personal information in the course of our business activities, including:-
What information we need
Why we need it and how we use your information
The legal basis for using your personal information
How we share your information
Transferring personal information globally
How we protect and store personal information
Your legal rights available to help manage your privacy
How to contact us for more support and to exercise your rights
We may amend this notice from time to time to keep it up to date with legal requirements and the way we operate our business.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
You might find external links to third party websites on our site. This Policy does not apply to your use of a third-party site.
What we need
The type of information we collect or that is passed to us via a third party (with your consent) may vary depending on the product(s) you select. However, in general we will require the following information:
Name
Contact details;
Date of birth;
Employment status, job title and name of employer;
Marital status;
Gender
Bank details;
Approximate monthly outgoings and spending commitments
IP address, operating system version, browser version.
If you do not provide us with this information we will not be able to process your loan application and facilitate you with a loan.
We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need to process your loan application.
We may collect other information about you indirectly from credit reference agencies (who may search the Electoral Register), fraud prevention agencies or other organisations.
For more information about how we collect and share information with these third-party organisations please see the "Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies" section below.
We may also collect information about you which is considered to be "special category" information for the purposes of applicable data privacy and protection legislation; specifically,
we may process medical notes and information which you provide to us which are relevant to our handling of your application and managing your account.
We will only use this information where we have your explicit consent and at all times in accordance with this Policy.
We may collect information about the way you manage your account(s) for analytical purposes, to improve our service offerings and better tailor our products to you.
For more information about the non-identifiable information we collect from you automatically through your use of the site please see our Cookie Policy.
Finally, we collect any other information which you choose to share by communicating with us using any of the channels available to you.
As well as recording telephone calls (We will monitor and/or record telephone calls from and to you in the interests of customer service and for training purposes and to combat fraud. This may be done either by ourselves or a third party on our behalf.), web chats and emails may be stored for quality control purposes, to combat fraud and to retain an accurate record of our dealing with customers. As well as the content of communications, we may store data relating to the duration, frequency and response times associated with communications.
Why we need it and how we use your information
We need this information to:
Process loan applications submitted by you
Manage your account(s) with us and to send you post-contractual notices;
Provide our services to you;
Communicate with you about your account(s) or about new products which you may be interested in, using our telephone, email or webchat channels;
Handling any complaints or queries you raise about our products or services;
Contact you in relation to other products and services (depending on your preferences);
Undertake research, assessment and analysis (including credit and/or behaviour scoring, market and product analysis) to enable us to develop and improve our services to you and other customers and to protect our interests; and
Administer our systems and to report information to our advertisers.
Banking Transaction Information
During your loan application we may also require further banking or building society account information (Banking Transaction Information (BTI)) to help us assess your suitability for a loan.
If we do require this information we will safely and securely direct you to one of our third party provider’s portals and they will ask you to provide your bank account details to enable them to gain access to your BTI.
As soon as your BTI is received by the third party it will be reported back to us in the form of a completed search.
We will use this information to help us assess your suitability for a loan.
For further information on how we collect and use BTI please click here. If you borrow from us and do not repay in full and on time, we will register such information with CRAs who will record the outstanding debt.
This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs and FPAs to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
The legal basis for using your personal information
We will only collect, use and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
you have provided your consent to us using the personal information (for example in relation to our electronic direct marketing activities);
our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organisation (for example, in order to undertake research,
assessment and analysis to enable us to develop and improve our products and services) - in these cases we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in the "Your legal rights" section below;
our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example in order to make/receive payments and send you contractual notices); and/or
our use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to make disclosures to a regulatory body, or to a law enforcement agency or tax authority).
If you would like to find out more about the legal basis for which we process personal information please contact us using the details set out at the end of this policy.
Sharing your information with credit reference agencies
In order to process your application, we will perform credit and identity checks on you with one or more credit reference agencies (“CRAs”).
To do this, we will supply your personal information to CRAs and they will give us information about you.
This will include information from your credit application and about your financial situation and financial history.
CRAs will supply to us both public (including the electoral register) and shared credit, financial situation and financial history information and fraud prevention information.
We will use this information to:
Assess your creditworthiness and whether you can afford to take the product;
Verify the accuracy of the data you have provided to us;
Prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering;
Manage your account(s);
Trace and recover debts; and
Ensure any offers provided to you are appropriate to your circumstances.
We will continue to exchange information about you with CRAs while you have a relationship with us. We will also inform the CRAs about your settled accounts.
If you borrow and do not repay in full and on time, CRAs will record the outstanding debt. This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs.
When CRAs receive a search from us they will place a search footprint on your credit file that may be seen by other lenders
If you are making a joint application or tell us that you have a spouse or financial associate, we will link your records together,
so you should make sure you discuss this with them, and share with them this information, before lodging the application.
CRAs will also link your records together and these links will remain on your and their files until such time as you or your partner successfully files for a disassociation with the CRAs to break that link.
The identities of the CRAs, their role also as fraud prevention agencies, the data they hold,
the ways in which they use and share personal information, data retention periods and your data protection rights with the CRAs are explained in more detail below.
CRAIN is also accessible from each of the CRAs who we partner with;
CRAIN links:
TransUnion
https://www.transunion.co.uk/crain
Equifax
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Experian
www.experian.co.uk/crain
Sharing your information with fraud prevention agencies
When you apply for a product from us you confirm that all the information you have given to us is true and complete.
When you apply for a product or service from us you authorise us to check the following records about you:
Our own; and
Those at a credit reference agencies (CRA)
Those at fraud prevention agencies (FPAs)
We will make checks with CRAs and FPAs such as assessing your application for credit and following approval of your application, we may also make periodic searches at CRAs and FPAs to
enable us to manage your account with us. The purpose for the checks includes ID verification, money-laundering prevention and fraud prevention.
If you borrow from us and do not repay in full and on time, we will register such information with CRAs who will record the outstanding debt. This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs and FPAs to perform similar checks and
to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
If false or inaccurate information is provided by you or fraud is identified you could be refused certain services, finance or employment.
We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering, for example, when:
Checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities;
Managing credit and credit related accounts or facilities;
Tracing debtors and recovering debt;
Checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance;
Checking details of job applicants and employees; and
Using from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies.
For a full fair processing notice for the purpose of fraud prevention and detection please click here
Who else do we share your personal information with
We share your information in the manner and for the purposes described below:
Any third party who introduced you to us so that they can contact you and for their own accounting and administration purposes; and
With credit reference and fraud prevention agencies as described above;
With third parties who help manage our business and deliver services. These third parties have agreed to confidentiality restrictions and use any personal information we share with them or which they collect on our behalf solely for the purpose of providing the contracted service to us. These include IT service providers who help manage our IT and back office systems;
Our underwriters;
We may share in aggregate, statistical form, non-personal information regarding the visitors to our website, traffic patterns, and website usage with our partners or advertisers;
Anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under this agreement; and
We may also give out information about you if we have a duty to do so or if the law requires or allows us to do so. In these circumstances we may transfer your information to our regulators, law enforcement agencies and other governmental authorities
We may also wish to share some of your information (including the contact details that we hold for you) with our carefully chosen third party partners so that they can also provide you with information (by SMS, post, email or telephone) about products and services that might be of interest to you.
One of the reasons that we may wish to share your data with such third parties, including the application details you have already provided, is that if Mr Lender cannot offer you a loan, they may be able to facilitate your loan application. This may involve completing further credit checks and you may receive additional contact.
We will also use your information in this way where we have your consent to do so. Our partners have their own privacy policies.
To view T.UK's click here,to view Stop Go Network click here, to view Quint's click here and to view Know Your Money's click here. You should read these carefully to ensure you provide the appropriate consent.
Transferring your personal information globally
Your personal information may be transferred and stored in countries outside the EU, including the United States of America, that are subject to different standards of data protection.
We will take appropriate steps ensure that transfers of personal information are in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests and
transfers are limited to countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights.
Where we transfer your personal information outside Mr Lender or to third parties who help provide our products and services, we obtain contractual commitments from them to protect your personal information.
How we protect and store personal information
Security
We have implemented and maintain appropriate technical and organisational security measures, policies and procedures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorised disclosure or access to such information appropriate to the nature of the information concerned. Measures we take include:
Using Secure Socket Layer encryption technology;
Limiting the access our staff have to your information to the minimum required to perform their duties; and
Maintaining firewalls and security technologies to minimise the risk of external attack to our servers;
Ensuring that all your information is subject to data protection laws; and
Regularly monitoring our security systems.
Storing your personal information
We will store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this notice. In some circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting requirements.
In specific circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your personal information or dealings.
What are your legal rights and how can you manage your privacy
Under data protection legislation, you have several rights (depending on the lawful bases for which we use your personal information) regarding the use of your personal data, as follows:
Right to Access - If at any point you wish to either confirm whether your personal data is being processed and/or access the data we hold on you, you can request to see this information, usually free of charge, and we will respond to this request within 30-day period. We may however charge a reasonable fee when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive particularly if this is repetitive and for further copies of the same information.
Right to Withdraw Consent/Object to Direct Marketing - If you agreed to us and third parties contacting you about other products and services during the application process but later decide you no longer wish to receive such communications. You can update your contact preferences by contacting member of our team by phone or email. [Hyperlink to contact details at the bottom of this doc]. All messages we send to you will also explain how you may withdraw consents you have given.
Right of Portability - You also have the right for certain data you have provided to Mr Lender with to be provided to you in a structured and commonly used electronic format (for example, a Microsoft Excel File), so that you can move, copy or transfer this data easily to another data controller. You may also request to transmit this data directly to another organisation where it is practical for us to do so.
Right to Rectify - You are entitled to have data corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to Erasure - You are entitled to have data deleted if it is no longer needed or there is no longer a legitimate reason for the processing, or if the data in question has otherwise unlawfully been processed. You may also request deletion of your personal data if it was only being processed because of you consenting to this and you now withdraw your consent.
Right to Object - You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data (note that this only provides you with the right to raise your objections, not a blanket right to have any and all processing cease).
Right to Restrict - You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances, including if you have contested its accuracy and while this is being verified by us, or if you have objected to its processing and while we are considering whether it has legitimate grounds to continue to do so.
How to find out more or exercise your rights
If you would like more information write to our Customer Services Department, PDL Finance Limited trading as Mr Lender, PO Box 366, Loughton, Essex, IG10 9EW.
You can also contact the CRAs that we use. Their contact details are:
Trans Union, Consumer Services, One Park Lane, Leeds, Yorkshire, LS3 1EP or call 0330 024 7574 or email
consumer@transunion.co.uk
Experian, Consumer Services, Landmark House, Experian Way, NG2 Business Park, Nottingham, NG80 1ZZ or phone 0344 481 8000.
How to complain about the use of your data
If you wish to raise a complaint about how we handled your personal data, including in relation to any of the rights outlined above, you can contact us by clicking here or calling 0208-532-5022 and we will investigate your concern. If you are not fully satisfied with our response, or believe we are processing your data unfairly or unlawfully, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find further information about the ICO and their complaints procedure here: https://ico.org.uk/concerns
×
By using this website you allow us to place cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site. To learn more about how we use cookies read our cookie policy page.