https://www.michelin.co.uk/cookies-policy
COOKIES POLICY | MICHELIN UK
MANAGE COOKIES
1. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a text file, a code, or a software element that saves information relating the browsing history and pattern of your terminal on the Internet. It is under the control of your internet browser, and sometimes carries a unique and random number. You can read it, destroy it, or modify it.
2. Why does Michelin use cookies?
Michelin is always seeking new ways to better it’s or its Internet website(s) and to offer you, the internet user, a better service and experience. Thus, Michelin uses different types of cookies as indicated hereafter that can warrant the preliminary consent of the internet user (commercial type cookies) before the cookie is installed on its terminal.
3. How does Michelin inform you about the cookies that it uses?
When you access for the first time the www.michelin.com web site, the legal notice of the site will refer you to a page that will give you all information on the cookies that are installed and used by this site. In any case, you have the control of these cookies. Therefore, you have the possibility to refuse or destroy them.
Your cookie settings
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Here is a list of cookies defined as functional cookies
cookies funzionali
Advertising Cookies
Here is a list of cookies defined as advertising cookies
cjn7xocgy0tou0iqdopdblzjs cookies di profilazione
For information about cookies, please visit:
Double Click
Statistical Cookies
Here is a list of cookies defined as statistical
cookies statistici
For information about cookies, please visit:
google Analytics
Xiti Analytics
MetrixLab
Social Media Cookies
Here is a list of cookies defined as social media cookies
cookies social media
For information about cookies, please visit:
Youtube
4. How to refuse and/or uninstall these cookies?
a. On computer
You can uninstall these cookies in two ways.
On the one hand, you can consult the cookies already installed on your terminal through the use of your browser, and delete them one by one by type of cookies as indicated in the banner or all at once.
Apple Safari Browser: "Confidentiality" section in the « Preferences » menu, provided section for “Cookies and other data of Internet websites”.
Google Chrome Browser: “Confidentiality” section in the « Parameters» menu, « Content Parameters» subsection, provided section for « Cookies and website data».
Internet Explorer Browser: “Tools” menu, then “Internet Options” section, then “General” then “Browser history”, then “Parameters”, then open the “Parameters of temporary internet files and history” window, and finally, “Display files”.
Mozilla Firefox Browser: “Tools” menu, “Options” section, “Privacy” subsection, “Delete specific cookies” functionality.
Furthermore, you can program your Internet browser to block or receive a warning for all installations of cookies on your terminal. The steps to follow differ for each type of browser, but you can find instructions in the “Help” section of the latter. The programming of your browser can be carried out independently on each of the terminals that you use in order to access Michelin web sites.
b. On a smartphone or tablet
You can uninstall these cookies according to the following methods:
Android Browser : Open your "Home" screen, Tap your web browser icon, Tap the "Menu" button, Tap the "Settings", Your device will either take you to a menu of available settings OR it will have one of the three following options. Tap on the option you have: Privacy & Security, Privacy, Security option Tap on "Clear Cache" ,Tap "OK" to confirm, Tap "Clear all cookie data" Tap "OK" to confirm, Click the "Home" button to go back to your "Home" Screen Restart your device by turning it off and then on again.
Google Chrome Browser: On your browser toolbar, click “the Chrome menu” Click “More tools” and “Clear browsing data” In the box that appears, click the checkboxes for "Cookies and other site and plug-in data" and "Cached images and files." Use the menu at the top to select the amount of data that you want to delete. Choose “beginning of time” to delete everything. Click “Clear browsing data”.
Apple iOS 8: Click the "Home" button, Tap the "Settings" button, Scroll down to "Safari", Tap on "Clear History and Website Data". You will receive a warning message. Tap on "Clear History and Data" to confirm, Click the "Home" button to go back to your "Home" Screen, Restart your device by turning it off and then on again.
The uninstalling or the blocking of cookies used on the Michelin websites could affect, or even prevent you from using these websites.
5. What types of Cookies are used by Michelin?
Cookies can be temporary, and only last for the duration of your browsing session on the website, or can be permanent, i.e. a longer lifespan according to the span that is attributed and the parameters of your internet browser. Numerous types of different cookies exist, of which we can set in four groups defined hereafter.
- Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are cookies that are indispensable due to the fact that the functionality of the website is contingent on their existence. Their deactivation will cause important difficulties for using the site, or even the impossibility to use the services that it proposes. The strictly necessary cookies do not conserve information once you leave the site. They permit, for example, to identify the terminals to dispatch the communication, to assign numbers to the data “packets” in order to dispatch them in the requested order, and to detect transmission errors or data loss.
- Functional cookies
Functional cookies are used exclusively for providing an electronic communication service at the request of the internet user. If these cookies are uninstalled, providing this service will be rendered impossible.
The information is conserved beyond your browsing session on the internet website, and can be transmitted to partners, uniquely for means of supplying provisions necessary to the services. These can be, for example, cookies that save the preferences of the user such as language preference of the user, cookies that save a “user session”, or cookies that provide a “virtual shopping basket”.
- Analytics and audience measurement cookies
The audience measurement cookies help to recognize visitors of the website across their different visits. These cookies only stock an internet user’s ID (specific to each cookie) and is in no case used to collect nominative information belonging to the visitors. These cookies save the pages visited by the user, the duration of each visit, and the error messages encountered; all of which can help to enables a performance increase of the Michelin internet websites. The analytics cookies can be installed and managed by partners; however, Michelin limits their use to the ends of the analytical statistics demanded.
- Cookies used for targeted advertising and social network tracking cookies generated by social network sharing buttons
Targeting and tracking cookies enable third parties to provide services, mainly advertising, and to improve the effectiveness of such services. These cookies may remember the web pages and sites that you visit, and may collect personal data, mainly the IP address of the user’s device. The information collected may be shared with third parties.
- Emails and cookies
We like to make your customer experience as relevant and tailored to you as possible. When we send you emails, we may set cookies when you download images or when you click a hyperlink through to our website. These unique cookies help us to understand who has clicked through from an email and help us to tailor future messages to you.
Examples include cookies that enable advertising agencies to serve ads based on your interests as determined by how you browse Michelin’s websites, or that limit their repetition. These cookies require your permission. In that case, a highly visible banner will appear on the first page of the site to request your consent to install these cookies.
Michelin and third-party providers, including Google, use both first-party cookies and third-party cookies to collect information and to optimize and serve ads based on visits to the site. Michelin and these providers also use these two types of cookies to determine the ratio of number of site visits to ad impressions, other uses of advertising services and the interactions with these ad impressions and these advertising services. Lastly, Michelin and these providers use these two types of cookies to remember your interests and demographic data so as to serve you targeted ads.
Michelin uses so-called social plugins (hereinafter referred to as buttons) which link to social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn and YouTube. When you visit our website, these buttons are disabled by default, which means they do not send any information to the social networks in question without action on your part. Before you can use these buttons, you have to click to enable them. The buttons remain enabled until you disable them again or you delete your cookies. Once they have been enabled, the system connects directly to the server of the social network selected. The content of the button is then transferred directly from the social networks to your web browser, which incorporates them into the website you are visiting.
As soon as you have enabled a button, the social network in question can collect data, irrespective of whether or not you use the button. If you are logged on to a social network, it can link your visit to this website to your user account. Visits to other Michelin websites will only be linked if you have also enabled the corresponding button on these sites.
If you are a member of a social network and you do not want it to link the data collected from your visit to our website to the information provided when you joined the network, you must log out of the social network in question before enabling the buttons.Please note that we have no influence over the scope of data collected by the social networks through your buttons. Please refer to the data protection statement published by the social networks in question for more information about the scope and purpose of the data collection and how they process and use such data, as well as the rights and setting options to protect your privacy.
Our website uses the following social network buttons, among others:
facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). A list and overview of Facebook’s social plugins can be found at https://developers.facebook.com/products/social-plugins For more information about Facebook’s personal data protection policy, please visit http://www.facebook.com/policy.php You can also block Facebook’s social plugins with add-ons for your browser, for example with the "Facebook Blocker."
youtube.com, generated by Google Inc., located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. For more information concerning the protection of personal data, please consult : https://www.youtube.com/static?template=privacy_guidelines
Twitter feeds are managed and provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 USA. You will find the code of conduct for developers at the following address: https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/agreement-and-policy For more information about Twitter's privacy policy, please visit: https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
Google + generated by Google Inc., located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. For more information concerning the protection of personal data, please consult: https://www.google.com/intl/policies/privacy/
Home
Cookies policy
You are using an unsupported web browser
You are using a website browser that is not supported by this website. This means that some functionality may not work as intended. This may result in strange behaviours when browsing round. Use or upgrade/install one of the following browsers to take full advantage of this website
IE
firefox 66+
chrome 72+
edge 17+
safari 12+
opera 58+