https://www.wabco-auto.com/americas_en/Legal-pages/Cookie-policy
WABCO websites use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience and provide you with services available on the website. To find out more about which cookies we use and how you can block them, please read our Cookies Policy.
Furthermore, we inform you that our Customers and Suppliers Privacy Statement has been updated on May 25th 2018, please click here to read. More information
Cookies Policy
WABCO Holdings Inc., together with its affiliates, ("WABCO") respects individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers, employees, vendors, consumers, business partners and others.
WABCO uses cookies on this website. You can find out more about cookies and how to control them in the information below. If you do not accept the use of these cookies, please disable them using the instructions in this cookie notice, for instance, by following the 'opt-out' links provided below or by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this website cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files that websites often place on computer hard drives of visitors to their sites. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer when a user of your computer returns to a website that it visited previously. We use cookies to enhance the online experience of our visitors, for statistical purposes and to better understand how our sites are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our websites before or whether you are a new visitor.
There are two broad categories of cookies:
First party cookies, served directly by WABCO to your computer. These cookies are used only by the website operator to recognize your computer when it revisits that site.
Third party cookies, served by a service provider on behalf of WABCO. We use third party cookies for website analytics and tracking purposes.
This website serves only the following cookies to your computer:
Type of cookie
Source
What it does
Expiry
How to block
Cookies necessary for essential website purposes
WABCO
These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through this website, to verify that you are a verified user and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas
Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like transactional pages and secure login accounts,
cannot be provided.
One of the cookies set, the ‘Cookie opt-out’ cookie, also allows us to remember if you have opted-out of using cookies to store information.
Many of these cookies expire when you close your browser or when you log out of myWABCO.
Please note that your session will automatically be logged out if your browser is inactive for more than 20 minutes.
The 'Cookie opt-out' cookie is set
permanently.
These cookies are strictly necessary for the operation of the website and cannot be blocked (unless you have set your browser to reject cookies). However, many of these cookies are automatically removed when you close your browser.
Functionality and Performance Cookies
WABCO
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your username, preferred language or the region you are in) or when you have selected the 'remember me' functionality on our site. These cookies are also used to provide more personal features and to enable our 'briefcase' functionality.
Some of the cookies set for this purpose may last for a period of up to 6 months from your last visit to our site.
You can change your browser settings to accept or refuse these cookies.
As the means by which you can do this vary from browser to browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
Analytics cookies
Google Analytics
+
Salesforce Pardot Analytics
These cookies are set by Google Analytics and are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.
The information gathered includes the number of visitors to our website, the websites that referred them to our website and the pages that they visited on our website.
We use this information to help run our site more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on our site.
Some of cookies set for this purpose may last for a period of up to 1 year from your last visit to our site.
You can find further information about Google Analytics Cookies (including how to opt-out) by reading the Google Privacy Policy.
You can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available from the Chrome web store.
You can also change your browser settings to accept or refuse these cookies. As the means by which you can do this vary from browser to browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
You can find further information about Pardot Analytics cookies (including on how to opt-out) by visiting Salesforce privacy page.
Tracking cookies
Salesforce Pardot
These cookies are set by Salesforce and
are used to deliver webshop advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests, based on an analysis of your browsing and/or your use of the WABCO webshop website.
Some of cookies set for this purpose may last for a period of up to 12 years from your last visit to our site.
You can find further information about Pardot tracking cookies (including on how to opt-out) by
visiting Salesforce privacy page.
How to control or delete cookies
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and we have explained how you can exercise this right in the table above. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.
You can block cookies by using the opt-out links provided in the table above, or by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this website cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility). The below hyperlinks provide further guidance on how to disable the use of cookies on certain browsers, and/or on how to delete cookies:
Chrome;
Internet Explorer;
Safari and Apple support page;
Mozilla Firefox.
Please note that using a third party opt-out link to disable a cookie or category of cookie may not delete the cookie from your browser but simply disable it from future use. If you wish to delete the relevant cookie, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser.
Agreement with our use of cookies – changes to our cookies policy
By continuing to use this website, you acknowledge that you have read the terms of this cookies policy and that you agree with our use of cookies as set out above (unless you expressly indicated otherwise).
We may amend this cookies policy from time to time. Any changes we make to our cookies policy in the future will be posted on this website. Please check frequently to see any updates or changes to the cookies policy. Your continued use of this website following the changes to this cookies policy will indicate your acceptance of these changes. This cookies policy was most recently updated on 22.05.2018.
Contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this cookies policy, please contact us at the address provided below: privacy@remove-this.wabco-auto.com
WABCO
Giacomettistrasse 1,
3006 Bern,
Switzerland
Attention: Legal Department
Get in touch with us
Call us at 855-228-3203 or email us at wnacustomercare@wabco-auto.com