http://www.hsbc.com.au/legal/
Top of main content
Important Information for HSBC customers
Legal and privacy information regarding HSBC products and services, as well as your rights as a consumer
HSBC AU
Legal & Privacy
At HSBC, we aim to promote better informed decisions about our banking services by providing effective disclosure of information and by explaining to you, when asked, the contents of our brochures and other written information about the services we provide.
This page is designed to house important, compliance and process related documentation, guides and some of HSBC's policies which provide general information about the rights and obligations that arise out of the banker and customer relationship in relation to HSBC's products and services.
The content of this page is not exhaustive and contains some of the key information we think is important for our customers to read. This page does not contain all relevant terms, conditions and other disclosure information that you should be aware of prior to acquiring an HSBC product.
HSBC Safeguard
HSBC Safeguard is a global HSBC initiative put in place to protect our customers from the growing risks of fraud and financial crime, by making sure that our global systems are kept up to date.
(CRS) Common Reporting Standard
(CRS) is a new information-gathering and reporting requirement for financial institutions in participating countries/regions, to help fight against tax evasion. Under the CRS, tax authorities require financial institutions such as HSBC to collect and report certain information relating to their customers' tax statuses.
FATCA
Important information about the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.
Banking Code of Practice
The Banking Code of Practice  (the Code) is the banking industries' charter on good banking practice. It establishes key commitments and obligations to customers on standards, procedures, disclosures and principles of conduct. HSBC has been a subscriber of the Code since June 2004 and recently adopted the revised Code in March 2020. HSBC applies these standards therein when dealing with HSBC customers who are 'individuals' and 'small businesses'.
Family Law Court Procedures (PDF, 29 KB)
We are committed to providing our customers with guidelines setting out the manner in which we deal with applications for transfers of a mortgage and consents to transfer of title pursuant to a Family Court determination or approval; and otherwise enforce debts affected by a family law property settlement.
Complaints and Feedback
At HSBC Bank Australia Limited, we are committed to delivering the highest levels of customer service. On this page you will find contact information about how to lodge a complaint with us as well as additional information about HSBC's complaints and feedback process.
Transaction Disputes and Chargebacks
HSBC is committed to publicising the availability and accessibility of both our internal and external process for resolving disputes relating to transactions processed using an HSBC credit or debit card. Information about these processes are also published in the terms and conditions applicable to HSBC products and services offered to 'individuals' and 'small businesses'.
Credit Reporting
From March 12, 2014, Australia has moved to a more comprehensive credit reporting system. This changed the way HSBC collects, uses and discloses your credit information in relation to credit cards, home loan products and other credit facilities you have or apply for with us. While HSBC may not report all of the changes referred to within this document right now, we may do so in future. This document should be read in conjunction with HSBC's Credit Information Policy (PDF, 179 KB).
Privacy and Confidentiality
HSBC’s Privacy Policy (PDF, 104 KB) describes what personal information we collect about you when you acquire and use our products or services and how we collect, use, store and share that information.
Exception Fees (PDF, 36 KB)
This document aims to provide information on exception fees and charges for retail banking at HSBC. HSBC's exception fees are disclosed in the account terms and conditions and may be charged when:
there are insufficient funds available to cover a transaction which may result in an either a dishonour or honour (approval to overdraw);
credit card payments are late; or
credit card limits are exceeded.
Statement on Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing (PDF, 29 KB)
HSBC is required by law to comply with the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 ("AML/CTF Act"), and the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Rules Instrument 2007 ("AML/CTF Rules"). This document sets out HSBC's HSBC Global Policy and Principles relating to Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing.
Cash Transactions over $10,000 (PDF, 120 KB)
Together with other members of the Australian Bankers' Association (ABA), this fact sheet has been compiled to inform customers about changes to laws which require banks to seek and collect information from customers if they want to transact with AUD $10 000 or more (or foreign equivalent) in cash.
Raising a Concern (Whistleblowing at HSBC)
HSBC is committed to fostering a culture of corporate compliance and ethical behaviour and HSBC's Whistleblowing program is one aspect of the bank's overall approach to preventing and detecting misconduct.
HSBC's official channel for whistleblowing is an alternative way of raising serious and sensitive issues where HSBC employees, customers, associated third parties can raise concerns where they are uncomfortable going through internal channels of reporting and escalation. Whistleblowers may also raise their concerns anonymously.
Contact us
By phone
Call us today and speak with one of our representatives
1300 308 008
Online
Contact us via an online enquiry and live chat
Enquire online
Enquire online for HSBC products and services
Back to top
About HSBC
Contact HSBC
Enquire online, call or send a message
Find a branch
Find your nearest HSBC branch location
Frequently Asked Questions
See FAQs on our products
About HSBC
Careers, media, investor and corporate information
Site Terms
Hyperlink Policy
Cookie policy
Legal & Privacy
Important Notices
© Copyright 2020. HSBC Bank Australia Limited ABN 48 006 434 162 AFSL/Australian Credit Licence 232595 All rights reserved.