https://www.spode.co.uk/customer-services/cookie-policy
zoom
visa
paypal
amex
mc
menu
heart
cart
search
user
spode
pimpernel
portmeirion
worcester
facebook
google
instagram
linkedin
pinterest
tumblr
twitter
youtube
portmeiriongroup
austria
belgium
cyprus
estonia
france
uk
germany
finland
greece
spain
ireland
italy
latvia
luxembourg
malta
holland
portugal
row
united-states
back
arrow-down
arrow-up
box
chevron-left
chevron-right
edit
share
trash
close
gift
down
mail
secure
wax-logo
spode-logo
wax-logo-dark
pimpernel-brand
nambe-brand
worcester-brand
spode-brand
portmeirion-brand
nambe
Home
Customer Services
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Browse Information
Customer ServicesFAQ's Care & UseDelivery InformationTerms & ConditionsPortmeirion Group Privacy Policy for ConsumersCookie PolicyUser Content LicenceReturns PolicyPersonalised Products Terms and Conditions
We respect the privacy of our users, customers and suppliers, as well as their representatives, in relation to all products, services, applications and websites provided by Portmeirion Group UK Limited and its subsidiary companies including Wax Lyrical Limited and Portmeirion Group Designs LLC (“Portmeirion Group”). This Cookie Policy explains what Cookies are, how we use Cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use Cookies on our Sites, your choices regarding Cookies and further information about Cookies.
Portmeirion Group websites and digital media, including apps, mobile apps, social media accounts, internet and wifi-enabled devices, etc. (“Sites”) may use cookies and similar technologies (such as pixel tags, web beacons, etc.) to ensure the websites work the best way for your requirements and allow us and third parties to obtain information about your visits to the Sites, including to analyze your visiting patterns. We may use this information to process your transactions or requests, and, where applicable, deliver online and mobile advertisements, messages and content from us, that are specific to your interests.
What Are Cookies?
Our Sites store small pieces of information when you visit certain web pages. This information is stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone (your “Device”) in small files called cookies. Most websites will use these cookies and, used responsibly on sites you trust, they are completely safe. Some cookies are essential to the functionality of our websites - for example we use a cookie to store your shopping basket. Some are used to enhance your experience. We store no personal information without your prior and explicit permission.
Please note that cookies can't harm your Device. We don't store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of our Sites. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors, or to determine relevant related products to show you when you're browsing.
To make full use of the online shopping and personalised features on our Sites, your Device will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalised features of our Sites by using them.
Our cookies don't store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details: they simply hold the 'key' that, once you're signed in, is associated with this information. However, if you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from our Sites, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser (or your Device’s manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
We're giving you this information as part of our initiative to comply with legislation, and to make sure we're honest and clear about your privacy when using our Sites. We know you'd expect nothing less from us. To order products on our Sites, you need to have cookies enabled. If you don't wish to enable cookies, you'll still be able to browse our Sites and use them for research purposes. Most web browsers have cookies enabled. Please see the “Further information about cookies” section below for additional guidance.
Cookies Used By Our Sites
Our Sites use the following Cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Full details of each cookie used and how are available in the Privacy Preference Centre which can be accessed by clicking on the “Cookie Settings” link at the bottom of our Sites or here.
How to Manage, Disable or Opt-Out of Cookies Used By Our Sites
Internet browsers allow you to change your cookies settings for various reasons, including to block certain kinds of cookies or files. You can therefore block certain cookies by activating the applicable settings on your browser. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of our Sites because some may be functionality or essential cookies. For further information about deleting or blocking cookies, please visit: https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. You may refuse, accept or remove cookies from our Sites at any time by activating or accessing the Cookie preferences setting on your browser. For further information about changing your cookies preferences or disabling cookies altogether, refer to https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies for information on commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled or removed, you may not be able to access all or parts of our Sites, or features may not operate as intended.
You can also find out more about cookies by visiting: https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, which provides a guide to behavioral advertising and online privacy, produced by the internet advertising industry.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
'share' tools and 3rd Party Content
If you take the opportunity to 'share' content from our Sites with friends through social networks – such as Facebook and Twitter - you may be sent cookies from these Sites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party Sites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them. If you go on to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these Sites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party Sites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Applicable law
Our gathering, processing and use of personal data, as well as our use of cookies, are governed by the law of England and Wales.
Further information
If you have questions or concerns or require further information, do not hesitate to contact us at Data Privacy Enquiry.
What's Next?
If you would like to discuss any of the issues raised then click here for contact details.
×
Continue shopping
Add to Bag
Welcome!
Enjoy 20% off non-sale items when you join our mailing list
Subscribe