https://www.ficu.com/support/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
SupportPrivacy Policy
First Imperial Credit Union respects your privacy.
As FICU.COM is an extension of our branches and credit union, we make every effort to provide valuable information to you about our products and services. Whether you are an existing member or in the market for Credit Union services, our site will help to navigate you through your financial journey.
By using FICU.COM you are consenting to the Privacy Policy. Please read it carefully.
In order to keep our website useful and relevant for both members and non-members, we strive to be sure users feel secure when browsing and linking from ficu.com. Your privacy is of the utmost importance to have a satisfying member experience so as an added safeguard, please be aware of the following:
FICU will never solicit private, identifying information via email or the website.
FICU never solicits phone calls to any number other than our published business number (760-352-1540) for any purpose.
FICU will never request advance payments on a loan, and expressly not through email or the website.
FICU will never initiate a request payment of fees or solicit funds for any other purpose via email or the website.
Information we collect
We do not gather information on individual users on our website, however, we do collect and store non-personal identifiable information pertaining to the type of browser you use, your operating system, Internet Service Provider, the pages you view, the date and time you access our site, the duration of your visit on our site and how you accessed on our website (i.e. through Social Media, search engine). Other than that, we collect information on visitors only in the aggregate and use it for internal review purposes only. This information simply enables us to tell which areas of the site are of most interest to our users, which avenues of site promotion are most effective, when peak usage times are and ultimately how to enhance your member experience and engagement with FICU.COM
FICU.COM does not require you to disclose any personally identifying information. If, however, you choose to contact us via Direct Message form, please keep in mind that your name, email address, and comments will be revealed to us in the email. We pledge, however, that when you communicate with us via email, we will use your email information only for the specific purpose of responding to your comments or questions. Your email address will not be sold, nor will it be shared with others outside the Credit Union unless we are compelled to do so by law. Please remember that “personally identifiable information” should not be included in a general e-mail, and email should never be used to send personal information to apply for a loan. Application for loans can only be made by filling out an application either in person or from the online application on our website.
Links
We are not responsible for practices employed by websites of other companies linked to from ficu.com, nor the information or content contained therein. We cannot, and do not, make any representations about the security, practices and policies of these companies, and are not responsible in any way for how these companies use cookies or any information you provide to them. This remains true even where the linked site appears within the parameters or window/frame of ficu.com. Often, links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our users. Please remember that when you use a link to go from ficu.com to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to ficu.com, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read those rules and policies before proceeding
Our commitment
First Imperial Credit Union is owned by its members and run by a board of directors you elect. You can be confident that your financial privacy is a top priority of this credit union. We are required by law to give you this privacy notice to explain how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal financial information. If you have any questions, please contact a member service representative at 760-352-1540, option 0.
If you terminate your membership with First Imperial Credit Union, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted by law.
First Imperial Credit Union restricts access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who have a specific business purpose for using it. Our employees are trained on the importance of maintaining confidentiality and member privacy. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and leading industry practices to safeguard your nonpublic personal information.
Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy.
Additional Content
Support
AccessibilityDisclosureTerms of UsePrivacy Policy
Current Rates
Current rates
New Auto
2.99% APR*
Used Auto
3.49% APR*
First Time Auto Buyer
7.74% APR*
Signature Loan
9.99% APR*
30-Year Fixed
3.35% APR*
View All Rates
Apply Now
Sprint
FICU Members have exclusive member perks with Sprint Wireless. Click here for more info.