http://www.furphoto.net/disclaimer-privacy-statement-cookie-statement
Home
Photographer Ferdy Rozenberg
Worldwide working area
The Netherlands
Worldwide
Portfolio photography
Aerial photography
Commercial photography
Corporate photography
Industrial photography
Travel photography
I.I.P.A.
Social Media
Flickr
Pinterest
Instagram
Twitter
Linkedin
Wallpapers
Contact
Information request
Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Cookie Statement
Sitemap
Information request
Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Cookie Statement
Sitemap
Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Cookie Statement
Disclaimer and Privacy Statement
At Fur Photography, we know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and that is why we are committed to respecting your privacy and to helping protect the security of your information. In this Privacy Policy, we describe the information that we collect about you on this website (our "Site"), and how we use and disclose that information.
Your use of our Site and services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this policy and our terms of use, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The terms of use are incorporated by reference into this Policy.
What information do we collect about you and why?
We collect information about you directly from you, automatically through your use of the Site or our services, and through third parties.
Information we collect directly from you
We collect information from you when you request information from us or otherwise interact with our Site and our services. The type of information that we collect from you depends on your particular interaction with our Site and may include, without limitation, your name and email address, and any other information that you choose to provide to us.
Information we collect automatically
We and our third party service providers automatically collect information about you through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies"), including:
We may collect, process and use the following information about you:
Details of your visits to our Site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, search activities as well as the page, content, software or resources that you access.
Your IP address, web addresses of the sites you arrive from and go to next and information about your connection, including your device's browser, operating system, platform type and Internet connection speed. We use this information for operational and performance measurement purposes and to regionalize certain contents of the Site.
Details of transactions and orders, your history of correspondence with us, quote requests or inquiries or when you contact customer service or technical support.
Currently our Site does not recognize browser requests not to be tracked. You may adjust your browser settings so as not to accept cookies. Please see our Cookie Statement for additional information.
Information we collect about you from third parties
We also may collect data from third party sources (such as contact information) as well as on behalf of our customers and at their direction. If we do so, we collect this information from publicly available third party sources
How we use your information?
Information about our customers is an integral part of our business. We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:
To provide our Site and services to you, to facilitate the features on our Site, to communicate with you about your use of our Site and services, to respond to your inquiries, to send you information that you have requested, and for other customer service purposes.
To better understand how users access and use our Site and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Site and services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
When we disclose your information?
We do not share your information with non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Security
You should be aware that the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of the data transmitted to our Site-transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we have implemented security procedures and features to try to prevent unauthorized access. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Links
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check their policies before you submit any personal data.
Any subsequent changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.
Reviewing and changing your personal information
Please contact Fur Photography if you would like your personal information removed from our database. Please note that we will retain some of the information you may have requested us to remove for specific reasons, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and as required by law.
Furthermore, some information is never completely removed from our databases because of technical constraints and the fact that we regularly back up our systems. Therefore, not all of your personal information will ever be completely removed from our databases.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or the use of your personal information, please contact us at rozenberg@furphoto.net.
Cookie Statement
At Fur Photography, we know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and that is why we are committed to respecting your privacy and helping protect the security of your information. The purpose of this cookie statement ("Statement") is to help you better understand how and why we gather, store and process information collected from you automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies") when you use a Fur Photography website, including, www.furphto.net ("Site"). In this Statement, we also identify your options regarding the use of cookies and the information collected through cookies.
Visiting or using this website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you want to use our products and services and that you consent to our use of cookies and other technologies as described in this notice. Should you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
What does this statement apply to?
This Statement covers the collection and use of personal information by Fur Photography when a visitor browses www.furphoto.net ("Site"). This includes all related pages, any subscription- based features or services offered by Fur Photography via the Site as well as the use of any of the Site's related features and services. It does not apply to other online or offline Fur Photography sites, products, services, nor does it apply to any third-party site that may be linked in our Site.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are sent back to the website at each subsequent visit or to any another website that recognizes them. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device.
Cookies perform lots of different jobs such as: allow you to navigate between pages efficiently, remember your preferences and generally improve your experience. Due to their core role of enhancing or enabling usability or site processes, disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain parts of this Site. The categories of cookies used on this Site are listed below.
Why we collect information?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to deliver a smooth, efficient and personalized experience when on our website. This allows us to provide you with the information, services and features that are most likely to meet your needs.
We automatically track certain information about you, based upon your behavior on our Site. We use this information to conduct internal research on our user demographics, interests and behaviors, and to offer more personalized content.
The information we collect from you and about you is used as follows:
To ensure that content from our Site is presented as optimally as possible for you, your computer and your web browser.
To measure and improve the website's performance and usability, its contents, services and features as well as to personalize your overall experience.
Cookies used on this website:
Google Analytics
Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, i.e., the pages you go to most often, and any error messages you receive.
These cookies do not collect information that identifies you. The information these cookies collect is aggregated, therefore anonymous, and is only used to understand how the site is being used and identify problem areas to improve user experience.
You can find out more about Google's privacy policy concerning its analytics service at Google privacy policy.