http://www.unifor.org/en/about-unifor/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
EmailShare on Email
PrintPrint this page
I. Introduction
Unifor respects the privacy of all visitors to our web site: www.unifor.org
Any personal information you provide through our web site is managed according to principles of our privacy policy.
Unifor is the sole owner of the information collected on our web site. We collect personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
II. Information Collected in E-mails and Web Forms
If you should choose to provide us with personal information as in an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it to us through our website, we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested. We do not collect personal information for third-party commercial marketing or distribution to any private organizations. Messages sent via the Internet can be intercepted. If you are concerned about sending your personal information to us via the Internet, you can use another method such as fax or regular mail.
Information Inquiries
If you request information about one of our services, we will communicate with you in response to your inquiry, to provide the information you have requested. We may, depending upon the importance and urgency of the information request, choose to contact you via telephone or postal mail.
Registration Forms
If you register for a course or service, we may require that you provide certain personally identifiable information, including your name, postal address, email address, phone number, alternate contact information, credit card number and in some instances your social insurance number. We may also require you to submit other information relevant to the course or service. Only information that is needed to complete the processing of your registration will be collected.
Events and Conferences
Our web site contains registration forms for events and conferences. These forms are designed to register your place in the conference and collect basic information that we need to organize the event and ensure that we meet the needs of participants.
Surveys and Feedback
We may occasionally provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys or feedback forms on our site. If you participate, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or feedback forms is completely voluntary, and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose personal information.
Where personal information is provided that enters a system of records, it is collected in compliance with the privacy policies in place. Information collected is only kept for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
III. Information Collected Automatically Through The Internet
Unifor logs requests to our server. These logs capture computer information, navigation and page requests. The information collected does not identify who you are. Other information, such as your domain name or IP address, may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider. You may wish to ask them about their policies and practices.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text information that is sent to your browser when you access a web site. Your browser will return this cookie information to the domain where the cookie originated. Cookies are destroyed after the visitor leaves our site. The cookies are used to track the browser's stay at our site to enable the following functions:
· Enable user login function and track login sessions
· Intelligent site navigation
Cookies are never used to track user specific surfing trends and we do not use third party visitor web tracking services.
If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can refer to the help information in your browser software for information on how to disable cookies. If you wish to delete cookies from your machine, consult your browser's help files for instructions on how to do so.
Web Visit Logs
Unifor routinely collects and stores information from online visitors to help manage our web site and improve services. This information includes the pages visited on the site, and the date and time of the visit, the internet address of the referring site, the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred, and the version of browser used. We make no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information.
Security
For site security purposes, we employ software and server programs to monitor network traffic that identifies unauthorized attempts access information, to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. In the course of such monitoring, these programs may detect such information as e-mail headers, addresses from network packets, and other information. Information from these activities is used only for the purpose of maintaining the security and performance of Unifor's network and computer systems. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Links to Other Sites
Unifor web sites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other web sites and encourage you to examine each site's privacy policy and disclaimers. This will enable you to make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability, and correctness of material and information found.
Home Page
Join!Join Form
NewsNews
Media releases
Events
Blogs & messages
Newsletter
Subscribe
Auto Talks 2020
COVID-19
Unifor actionCampaigns
Bargaining
Coalitions
Good Jobs
Trade
EducationArea Courses - Frequently Asked Questions by Locals
Courses
Questions Frequently Asked by Members
About Area Courses
Paid Education Leave (PEL) and 50/50 Programs - Questions Frequently Asked by Local
Schedule
Paid Education Leave (PEL) and 50/50 Programs - Questions Frequently Asked by Members
Family Education
Scholarships
Highschool Outreach
Mentorship
Wind Turbine Project
Equity Committees
Women
Equity Audit
Social Justice Fund
Resources
Health & Safety
ResourcesBriefs & Statements
Tools and Resources
Constitution & policies
Logos & images
Financial statements
Unifor New Member Kit
Sector Profiles
Unifor insurance
Labour Market Insights
AboutCommunity Chapters
Departments
History & mission
Join Unifor
Leadership
Regions
Sectors
Jobs at Unifor
Unifor Canadian Community Fund
Contact Us Regional offices
Locals
Join Unifor
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Flickr
Rss
Adjust Text Size:
-A +A
Open Modal
×
Subscribe to Unifor Updates
First Name
Last Name
Email
Postal Code
Preferred Language *
English
French
I am a member of a Unifor Local
I am a retired Unifor member
I am not a member
Mail me the free Uniforum members' magazine.
Local Name/Number
Card Number
Employee Number
Workplace Local Union
Street address
Province
Province *ManitobaAlbertaNorthwest TerritoriesNew BrunswickBritish ColumbiaQuebecOntarioNewfoundland and LabradorPrince Edward IslandNova ScotiaSaskatchewanNunavutYukon
City
Close